--- Page 1 ---
BASE PROSPECTUS 
 
Banco Comercial Português, S.A. 
Incorporated with limited liability under the laws of Portugal 
€2,000,000,000 Structured Medium Term Note Programme 
Under this €2,000,000,000 Structured Medium Term Note Programme (the "Programme"), Banco Comercial Português, S.A. 
("BCP", the "Bank" or the "Issuer") may from time to time issue notes denominated in any currency agreed with the relevant Dealer 
(as defined below). 
This document (this "Base Prospectus") constitutes a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 of the Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 
(the "Prospectus Regulation"). The terms and conditions of the Notes (the "Conditions") will comprise the General Conditions, each 
Annex specified as applicable in the completed Final Terms and the completed Final Terms (each as defined below). This Base 
Prospectus, any supplement to this Base Prospectus (a "Supplement to this Base Prospectus"), any applicable Annex and the Final 
Terms for a Series will comprise the "Offering Documents". 
This Base Prospectus has been approved as a base prospectus by the Central Bank of Ireland (the "Central Bank") as competent 
authority under the Prospectus Regulation. The Central Bank only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of 
completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such an approval should not be considered 
as an endorsement of the Issuer nor as an endorsement of the quality of the Notes that are the subject of the Base Prospectus.  Investors 
should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes. Such approval relates only to Notes issued under the 
Programme within twelve months after the date hereof. Application will be made to the Irish Stock Exchange plc, trading as Euronext 
Dublin ("Euronext Dublin") for Notes issued under the Programme within twelve months after the date hereof to be admitted to the 
official list and to trading on the regulated market of the Euronext Dublin.  The regulated market of Euronext Dublin is a regulated 
market for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU on markets in financial instruments (as amended, "MiFID II"). 
This Base Prospectus (as supplemented as at the relevant time, if applicable) is valid for twelve months from 23 December 2022. The 
obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of a significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy does 
not apply when this Base Prospectus is no longer valid. 
The Issuer may from time to time issue notes in bearer form ("Bearer Notes") denominated in any currency agreed between the Issuer 
and the relevant Dealer (as defined below). 
In addition, the Issuer may issue Notes in book entry form ("Book Entry Notes", and together with the Bearer Notes, the "Notes") 
that will be held through Interbolsa - Sociedade Gestora de Sistemas de Liquidação e de Sistemas Centralizados de Valores 
Mobiliários, S.A. ("Interbolsa"), as management entity of the Portuguese Centralised System of Registration of Securities ("Central 
de Valores Mobiliários"). 
Notes may be issued whose return (whether in respect of any interest payable on such Notes and/or their redemption amount) is linked 
to one or more indices ("Index Linked Notes"), one or more shares or depositary receipts ("Equity Linked Notes"), one or more 
inflation indices ("Inflation Linked Notes"), one or more fund shares or units ("Fund Linked Notes"), the credit of a specified entity 
or entities ("Credit Linked Notes"), one or more foreign exchange rates ("Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Notes") or any 
combination thereof ("Combination Notes") as more fully described herein. Notes may provide that settlement will be by way of 
cash settlement ("Cash Settled Notes") or physical delivery ("Physically Settled Notes") as provided in the Final Terms. 
Potential investors should ensure that they understand the nature of the relevant Notes and the extent of their exposure to 
risks and that they consider the suitability of the relevant Notes as an investment in the light of their own circumstances and 
financial condition. An investment in Notes may involve a high degree of risk and potential investors should be prepared to 
sustain a total loss of the purchase price of their Notes. For a discussion of these risks see the "Risk Factors" section on pages 
1 to 61 below. 
The Issuer may agree with the relevant Dealer that Notes may be issued in a form not contemplated by the "Terms and Conditions of 
the Notes" set out herein, in which event a Supplement to this Base Prospectus, if appropriate, will be made available which will 
describe the effect of the agreement reached in relation to such Notes. 
The Book Entry Notes will be registered by Interbolsa. Each person shown in the individual securities accounts held with an authorised 
financial intermediary institution entitled to hold control accounts with the Central de Valores Mobiliários on behalf of their customers 
(and includes any depositary banks appointed by Euroclear Bank SA/NV ("Euroclear") and Clearstream Banking S.A. 
("Clearstream, Luxembourg") for the purpose of holding accounts on behalf of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, 
respectively) (each an "Affiliated Member") as having an interest in the Book Entry Notes shall be considered the holder of the 
principal amount of Notes recorded. One or more certificates in relation to the Book Entry Notes (each a "Certificate") will be 
delivered by the relevant Affiliated Member of Interbolsa in respect of its registered holding of Notes upon the request by the relevant 
holder of Book Entry Notes and in accordance with that Affiliated Member's procedures and pursuant to article 78 of the Portuguese 
Securities Code (Código dos Valores Mobiliários). For further details of clearing and settlement of the Notes issued under the 
Programme see "Clearing and Settlement" below. 
References in this Base Prospectus to "Exempt Notes" are to Notes for which no prospectus is required to be published under the 
Prospectus Regulation. As used herein, "Issue Terms" means either (i) where the Notes are not Exempt Notes, the applicable Final 
Terms or (ii) where the Notes are Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement, and references should be construed accordingly. 
Arranger and Dealer 
Banco Comercial Português, S.A. 
  
The date of this Base Prospectus is 23 December 2022.

--- Page 2 ---
- i - 
 
 
IMPORTANT NOTICES 
Responsibility for this Base Prospectus 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus and the Final Terms 
for each Tranche (as defined below) of Notes issued under the Programme. To the best of the knowledge 
of the Issuer the information contained in this Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and does not 
omit anything likely to affect the import of such information. 
Final Terms 
Notice of the aggregate nominal amount of Notes, interest (if any) payable in respect of Notes, the issue 
price of Notes and certain other information which is applicable to each Tranche (as defined under "Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes") of Notes will be set out in a final terms document (the "Final Terms") which 
will be filed with the Central Bank and published on the website of Euronext Dublin 
(https://live.euronext.com). Copies of the Final Terms will be available from the specified office set out 
below of the Portuguese Paying Agent or the Principal Paying Agent (as defined below). 
All references herein to "Final Terms" shall, unless the context requires otherwise, be deemed to be 
references to the pricing supplement (the "Pricing Supplement") specific to the relevant Tranche of Exempt 
Notes (as applicable). 
Validity of Base Prospectus 
This Base Prospectus replaces and supersedes the Base Prospectus dated 5 June 2020 describing the 
Programme. Any Notes issued under the Programme on or after the date of this Base Prospectus are issued 
subject to the provisions described herein. This does not affect any Notes already in issue. 
Other relevant information 
This Base Prospectus is to be read in conjunction with all documents which are incorporated herein by 
reference (see "Documents Incorporated by Reference"). This Base Prospectus shall be read and construed 
on the basis that such documents are incorporated and form part of this Base Prospectus. 
The Issuer's website is https://ind.millenniumbcp.pt/en/. Other than in relation to the documents which are 
deemed to be incorporated by reference (see "Documents Incorporated by Reference" below), the 
information on the websites to which this Base Prospectus refers does not form part of this Base Prospectus 
and has not been scrutinised or approved by the Central Bank of Ireland. 
Unauthorised Information 
No person is or has been authorised by the Issuer to give any information or to make any representation not 
contained in or not consistent with (a) this Base Prospectus or (b) any other information supplied in 
connection with the Programme or the Notes and, if given or made, such information or representation must 
not be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer or any of the Dealer(s). 
The Dealer(s) have not independently verified the information contained herein. Accordingly, no 
representation, warranty or undertaking, express or implied, is made and no responsibility or liability is 
accepted by the Dealer(s) as to the accuracy or completeness of the information contained or incorporated 
in this Base Prospectus or any other information provided by the Issuer in connection with the Programme. 
No Dealer accepts any liability in relation to the information contained or incorporated by reference in this 
Base Prospectus or any other information provided by the Issuer in connection with the Programme. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or any 
Notes (a) is intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation or (b) should be considered as a 
recommendation by the Issuer or any of the Dealer(s) that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any other 
information supplied in connection with the Programme or any Notes should purchase any Notes. Each 
investor contemplating purchasing any Notes should make its own independent investigation of the 
financial condition and affairs, and its own appraisal of the creditworthiness, of the Issuer. Neither this Base 
Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or the issue of any Notes 
constitutes an offer or invitation by or on behalf of the Issuer or any of the Dealer(s) to any person to 
subscribe for or to purchase any Notes.

--- Page 3 ---
- ii - 
 
 
Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor the offering, sale or delivery of any Notes shall in any 
circumstances imply that the information contained herein concerning the Issuer is correct at any time 
subsequent to the date hereof or that any other information supplied in connection with the Programme is 
correct as of any time subsequent to the date indicated in the document containing the same. The Dealer(s) 
expressly do not undertake to review the financial condition or affairs of the Issuer during the life of the 
Programme or to advise any investor in the Notes of any information coming to their attention. 
Programme Limit 
The maximum aggregate nominal amount of all Notes from time to time outstanding under the Programme 
will not exceed €2,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies). Notes may be issued on a continuing 
basis to one or more dealers appointed from time to time by the Issuer (the "Dealers" and each a "Dealer"). 
References in this Base Prospectus to the "relevant Dealer" shall, in the case of an issue of Notes being 
(or intended to be) subscribed by more than one Dealer, be to all Dealers agreeing to subscribe for such 
Notes as designated in each specific issue of Notes. 
Restrictions on distribution 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any Notes in 
any jurisdiction to any person to whom it is unlawful to make the offer or solicitation in such jurisdiction. 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Notes may be restricted by law in certain 
jurisdictions. For a description of certain restrictions on offers, sales and deliveries of Notes and on the 
distribution of the Offering Documents and other offering material relating to the Notes, see "Subscription 
and Sale". 
In particular, the Notes have not and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as 
amended, (the "Securities Act") or the securities laws of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States 
and are subject to U.S. tax law requirements. Notes may not be offered, sold, pledged, assigned, delivered 
or otherwise transferred, exercised or redeemed, at any time, within the United States or to, or for the 
account or benefit of, U.S. (as defined in Regulation S). 
The Issuer and the Dealer(s) do not represent that this Base Prospectus may be lawfully distributed, or that 
any Notes may be lawfully offered, in compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements in 
any such jurisdiction, or pursuant to an exemption available thereunder, or assume any responsibility for 
facilitating any such distribution or offering. In particular, no action has been taken by the Issuer or the 
Dealer(s) which is intended to permit a public offering of any Notes or distribution of this Base Prospectus 
in any jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. Accordingly, no Notes may be offered or sold, 
directly or indirectly, and neither the Offering Documents nor any advertisement or other offering material 
may be distributed or published in any jurisdiction, except under circumstances that will result in 
compliance with any applicable laws and regulations. Persons into whose possession the Offering 
Documents or any Notes may come must inform themselves about, and observe, any such restrictions on 
the distribution of the Offering Documents and the offering and sale of Notes. 
Neither the Issuer nor the Dealer(s) makes any representation to any investor in the Notes regarding the 
legality of its investments under any applicable laws. Any investor in the Notes should be able to bear the 
economic risk of an investment in the Notes for an indefinite period of time. 
Product Governance under MiFID II 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID product 
governance rules under Commission Delegated Directive (EU) 2017/593 of 7 April 2016 (the "MiFID 
Product Governance Rules"), any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such 
Notes but, otherwise, neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates is deemed 
to be a manufacturer for the purpose of the MiFID II Product Governance Rules. 
The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled "MiFID II Product Governance" 
which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution 
of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a 
"distributor") should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject 
to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by 
either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.

--- Page 4 ---
- iii - 
 
 
Product Governance under UK MiFIR 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR 
product governance rules set out in the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance 
Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules"), any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a 
manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their 
respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules. 
The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled "UK MiFIR Product Governance" 
which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution 
of the Notes are appropriate.  Any distributor should take into consideration the target market assessment; 
however, a distributor subject to the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules is responsible for undertaking 
its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
IMPORTANT – EEA RETAIL INVESTORS 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes includes a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors", the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA").  
For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in 
point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 
("Insurance Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as 
defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II.  Consequently no key information document required by 
Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the 
Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the 
PRIIPs Regulation. 
IMPORTANT - UK RETAIL INVESTORS 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes includes a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors", the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom ("UK").  For these 
purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) 
of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European 
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the 
FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where 
that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation 
(EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA.  Consequently no key 
information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue 
of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs 
Regulation. 
Benchmarks Regulation 
Interest and/or other amounts payable under the Notes may be calculated by reference to certain reference 
rates.  Any such reference rate may constitute a benchmark for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 
(the "EU Benchmarks Regulation").  If any such reference rate does constitute such a benchmark, the 
Final Terms will indicate whether or not the benchmark is provided by an administrator included in the 
register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by ESMA pursuant to Article 36 
(Register of administrators and benchmarks) of the EU Benchmarks Regulation.  The registration status of 
any administrator under the EU Benchmarks Regulation is a matter of public record and, save where 
required by applicable law, the Issuer does not intend to update the Final Terms to reflect any change in the 
registration status of the administrator.)

--- Page 5 ---
- iv - 
 
 
Product classification pursuant to Section 309B of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 
The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled "Singapore Securities and Futures 
Act Product Classification" which will state the product classification of the Notes pursuant to Section 
309B(1) of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 (2020 Revised Edition) of Singapore (the "SFA").  The 
Issuer will make a determination and provide the appropriate written notification to "relevant persons" in 
relation to each issue about the classification of the Notes being offered for the purposes of Section 
309B(1)(a) and Section 309B(1)(c) of the SFA. 
Ratings 
Notes issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated. Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, such rating 
will be disclosed in the Final Terms and will not necessarily be the same as the rating assigned to the 
Programme by the relevant rating agency. One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit 
ratings to the Issuer, or the Notes. The ratings may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to 
structure, market, additional factors discussed above, and other factors that may affect the value of the 
Notes. A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be revised, 
suspended or withdrawn by the rating agency at any time. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus short-term and long-term senior obligations of the Issuer are rated, 
respectively, "P-2" and "Baa3" by Moody's Investors Service España, S.A. ("Moody's España"), "B" and 
"BB+" by S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited ("S&P"), "B" and "BB" by Fitch Ratings Ltd ("Fitch") and 
"R-2 (middle)" and "BBB (low)" by DBRS Ratings GmbH ("DBRS"). 
Each of Moody’s, S&P and DBRS is established in the EEA and is registered under the Regulation (EC) 
No. 1060/2009 (as amended) (the "CRA Regulation"). Each of Moody’s, S&P and DBRS is not established 
in the United Kingdom but it is part of a group in respect of which one of its undertakings is (i) established 
in the United Kingdom, and (ii) is registered in accordance with Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK CRA Regulation"). The Programme ratings have 
been issued by each of Moody’s, S&P and DBRS in accordance with the CRA Regulation before the end 
of the transition period and have not been withdrawn. As such, the ratings issued by each of Moody’s, S&P 
and DBRS may be used for regulatory purposes in the United Kingdom in accordance with the UK CRA 
Regulation. 
Fitch is established in the United Kingdom and is registered in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation. 
Fitch is not established in the EEA and has not applied for registration under the CRA Regulation. The 
ratings issued by Fitch have been endorsed by Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited ("FRIL") in accordance with 
the CRA Regulation. FRIL is established in the EEA and registered under the CRA Regulation.  As such 
FRIL is included in the list of credit rating agencies published by the European Securities and Markets 
Authority on its website (at http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-registered-and-certified-CRAs) in 
accordance with the CRA Regulation. 
In general, European regulated investors are restricted under the CRA Regulation from using credit ratings 
for regulatory purposes, unless such ratings are issued by a credit rating agency established in the EU and 
registered under the CRA Regulation (and such registration has not been withdrawn or suspended, subject 
to transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances). Such general restriction will also apply in 
the case of credit ratings issued by non-EU credit rating agencies, unless the relevant credit ratings are 
endorsed by an EU-registered credit rating agency or the relevant non-EU rating agency is certified in 
accordance with the CRA Regulation (and such endorsement action or certification, as the case may be, has 
not been withdrawn or suspended, subject to transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances). 
The list of registered and certified rating agencies published by the European Securities and Markets 
Authority ("ESMA") on its website in accordance with the CRA Regulation is not conclusive evidence of 
the status of the relevant rating agency included in such list, as there may be delays between certain 
supervisory measures being taken against a relevant rating agency and the publication of the updated ESMA 
list. Certain information with respect to the credit rating agencies and ratings is set out under "Downgrades 
in the Bank's credit rating could increase the cost of borrowing funds and make the Bank's ability to raise 
new funds or renew maturing debt more difficult" in the Risk Factors section.

--- Page 6 ---
- v - 
 
 
Calculation Agent Powers 
The Calculation Agent will employ the methodology described in the Conditions to determine amounts 
payable or deliverable in respect of the Notes. When making any such determination in relation to any 
amounts so payable or deliverable, the Calculation Agent or any delegate may in its sole and absolute 
discretion consider a wide range of information. 
The Calculation Agent makes no express or implied representations or warranties as to (i) the advisability 
of investing in or obtaining exposure to the Notes, (ii) the value of the Notes at any particular time on any 
particular date, or (iii) any amounts that may become payable or deliverable in respect of the Notes. 
Without limiting any of the foregoing, in no event shall the Calculation Agent have any liability (whether 
in negligence or otherwise) to any Noteholders for any direct, indirect, special, punitive, consequential or 
any other damages (including loss of profits) even if notified of the possibility of such damages. 
The Calculation Agent shall not have any responsibility to any holder for any errors or omissions in any 
calculations or determinations in respect of the Securities and acts solely as an agent of the Issuer and does 
not assume any obligations towards or relationship of agency or trust for or with any holder. 
Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors 
Each potential investor in the Notes must determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own 
circumstances. In particular, each potential investor may wish to consider, either on its own or with the help 
of its financial and other professional advisors, whether it: 
(a) 
has sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Notes, the merits 
and risks of investing in the Notes and the information contained or incorporated by reference in 
this Base Prospectus or any applicable Supplement to this Base Prospectus and all the information 
contained in the Final Terms; 
(b) 
has access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its 
particular financial situation, an investment in the Notes and the impact the Notes will have on its 
overall investment portfolio; 
(c) 
has sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the Notes, 
including Notes with principal or interest payable in one or more currencies, or where the specified 
currency for principal or interest payments of the Notes is different from the potential investor's 
currency; 
(d) 
understands thoroughly the terms of the Notes and be familiar with the behaviour of any relevant 
indices and financial markets; 
(e) 
in respect of Notes linked to the performance of, without limitation, one or more, or a combination 
of, underlying shares or depositary receipts, indices, rates of interest, other rates, foreign exchange 
rates, funds, inflation indices and/or entities (together, "Reference Items" and each, an "Reference 
Item") (in respect of such Notes, together, "Reference Item Linked Notes" and each an 
"Reference Item Linked Note"), understands thoroughly (if necessary, in consultation with the 
investor's own legal, tax, accountancy, regulatory, investment or other professional advisers) the 
nature of each such Reference Item Linked Note; and 
(f) 
is able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for 
economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear the 
applicable risks. 
None of the Issuer, Dealers or any affiliate of the Issuer has given, and will not give, to any potential 
investor in Notes (either directly or indirectly) any assurance, advice, recommendation or guarantee as to 
the merits, performance or suitability of such Notes, and the investor should be aware that the Issuer is 
acting as an arm's-length contractual counterparty and not as an advisor or fiduciary. 
In making an investment decision, investors must rely on their own examination of the Issuer and the terms 
of the Notes being offered, including the merits and risks involved.  Legal investment considerations may 
restrict certain investments. The investment activities of certain Investors are subject to legal investment

--- Page 7 ---
- vi - 
 
 
laws and regulations, or review or regulation by certain authorities. Each potential Investor should consult 
its legal advisers to determine whether and to what extent (1) are legal investments for it, (2) Notes can be 
used as collateral for various types of borrowing and (3) other restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge 
of any Notes. Financial institutions should consult their legal advisers or the appropriate regulators to 
determine the appropriate treatment of Notes under any applicable risk-based capital or similar rules. 
Certain Definitions 
All references in this Base Prospectus to (i) "U.S. dollars", "USD", "U.S.$", "$" and "U.S. cent" refer to 
the currency of the United States of America, (ii) "Sterling" and "£" refer to the currency of the UK, and 
(iii) "Euro", "EUR" and "€" refer to the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European 
economic and monetary union pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union amended 
from time to time (iv) "PLN" refers to Polish zloty and (v) "CHF" refers to Swiss francs. 
This Base Prospectus is drawn up in the English language. In case there is any discrepancy between the 
English text and the Portuguese text, the English text stands approved for the purposes of approval under 
the Prospectus Regulation. 
No website referred to in this Base Prospectus forms part of this Base Prospectus. 
Stabilisation 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in the Final 
Terms may over-allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market price of the 
Notes of the Series (as defined below) of which such Tranche forms part at a level higher than that 
which might otherwise prevail. However, stabilisation may not necessarily occur. Any stabilisation 
action may begin on or after the date on which adequate public disclosure of the final terms of the 
offer of the relevant Tranche of Notes is made and, if begun, will be in compliance with all relevant 
laws and regulations and may cease at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 days 
after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of Notes and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the 
relevant Tranche of Notes. Any stabilisation action or over-allotment must be conducted by the 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (or person(s) acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in 
accordance with all applicable laws and rules

--- Page 8 ---
- vii - 
 
 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION RELATING TO NON-EXEMPT OFFERS OF NOTES 
This Base Prospectus has been prepared on a basis that permits offers that are not made within an exemption 
from the requirement to publish a prospectus under Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation ("Non-
exempt Offers") in each Member State for which the Issuer has given its consent referred to in the relevant 
Final Terms (each a "Non-exempt Offer Jurisdiction" and together, the "Non-exempt Offer 
Jurisdictions").  Any person making or intending to make a Non-exempt Offer of Notes on the basis of 
this Base Prospectus must do so only with the Issuer's consent – see "Consent given in accordance with 
Article 5(1) of the Prospectus Regulation" below and provided such person complies with the conditions 
attached to that consent. 
Save as provided above, neither the Issuer nor any Dealer have authorised, nor do they authorise, the making 
of any Non-exempt Offer of Notes in circumstances in which an obligation arises for the Issuer or any 
Dealer to publish or supplement a prospectus for such offer. 
Consent given in accordance with Article 5(1) of the Prospectus Regulation 
In the context of a Non-exempt Offer of such Notes, the Issuer accepts responsibility, in each of the Non-
exempt Offer Jurisdictions, for the content of this Base Prospectus in relation to any person (an "Investor" 
or collectively the "Investors") who purchases any Notes in a Non-exempt Offer made by a Dealer or an 
Authorised Offeror (as defined below), where that offer is made during the Offer Period specified in the 
applicable Final Terms and provided that the conditions attached to the giving of consent for the use of 
this Base Prospectus are complied with. The consent and conditions attached to it are set out under 
"Consent" and "Conditions to Consent" below. 
Neither the Issuer or any Dealer makes any representation as to the compliance by an Authorised Offeror 
with any applicable conduct of business rules or other applicable regulatory or securities law requirements 
in relation to any Non-exempt Offer and neither the Issuer or any Dealer has any responsibility or liability 
for the actions of that Authorised Offeror. 
Except in the circumstances set out in the following paragraphs, the Issuer has not authorised the 
making of any Non-exempt Offer by any offeror and the Issuer has not consented to the use of this 
Base Prospectus by any other person in connection with any Non-exempt Offer of Notes. Any Non-
exempt Offer made without the consent of the Issuer is unauthorised and neither the Issuer nor, for 
the avoidance of doubt, any Dealer accepts any responsibility or liability in relation to such offer or 
for the actions of the persons making any such unauthorised offer. 
If, in the context of a Non-exempt Offer, an Investor is offered Notes by a person who is not an Authorised 
Offeror, the Investor should check with that person whether anyone is responsible for this Base Prospectus 
for the purposes of the relevant Non-exempt Offer and, if so, who that person is. If the Investor is in any 
doubt about whether it can rely on this Base Prospectus and/or who is responsible for its contents it should 
take legal advice. 
Consent 
In connection with each Tranche of Notes and subject to the conditions set out below under "Common 
Conditions to Consent": 
Specific Consent 
The Issuer consents to the use of this Base Prospectus (as supplemented as at the relevant time, if applicable) 
in connection with a Non-exempt Offer of such Notes by: 
(i) 
the relevant Dealer(s) or Manager(s) stated in the applicable Final Terms; 
(ii) 
any financial intermediaries specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(iii) 
any other financial intermediary appointed after the date of the applicable Final Terms and whose 
name is published on the Issuer's website (www.millenniumbcp.pt/en) and identified as an 
Authorised Offeror in respect of the relevant Non-exempt Offer.

--- Page 9 ---
- viii - 
 
 
General Consent 
If (and only if) Part B of the applicable Final Terms specifies "General Consent" as "Applicable", the Issuer 
hereby offers to grant its consent to the use of this Base Prospectus (as supplemented as at the relevant time, 
if applicable) in connection with a Non-exempt Offer of Notes by any financial intermediary which satisfies 
the following conditions: 
(i) 
it is authorised to make such offers under MiFID II or UK MiFIR, including under any applicable 
implementing measure in each relevant jurisdiction; and 
(ii) 
it accepts the Issuer's offer to grant consent to the use of this Base Prospectus by publishing on its 
website the following statement (with the information in square brackets completed with the 
relevant information) (the "Acceptance Statement"): 
"We, [insert legal name of financial intermediary], refer to the offer of [insert title of relevant 
Notes] (the "Notes") described in the Final Terms dated [insert date] (the "Final Terms") 
published by Banco Comercial Português, S.A. (the "Issuer"). In consideration of the Issuer 
offering to grant its consent to our use of the Base Prospectus (as defined in the Final Terms) 
in connection with the offer of the Notes in [specify relevant State(s)] during the Offer Period 
and subject to the other conditions to such consent, each as specified in the Base Prospectus, 
we hereby accept the offer by the Issuer in accordance with the Authorised Offeror Terms 
(as specified in the Base Prospectus). We confirm that we are authorised under [MiFID/UK 
MiFIR] to make, and are using the Base Prospectus in connection with, the Non-exempt 
Offer accordingly. Terms used herein and otherwise not defined shall have the same meaning 
as given to such terms in the Prospectus." 
The "Authorised Offeror Terms", being the terms to which the relevant financial intermediary agrees in 
connection with using this Base Prospectus, are that the relevant financial intermediary: 
(A) 
will, and it agrees, represents, warrants and undertakes for the benefit of the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer that it will, at all times in connection with the relevant Non-exempt Offer: 
(i) 
act in accordance with, and be solely responsible for complying with, all applicable laws, 
rules, regulations and guidance of any applicable regulatory bodies (the "Rules"), from 
time to time including, without limitation and in each case, Rules relating to both the 
appropriateness or suitability of any investment in the Notes by any person and disclosure 
to any potential Investor; 
(ii) 
comply with the restrictions set out under "Subscription and Sale and Transfer 
Restrictions" in this Base Prospectus which would apply as if it were a Dealer; 
(iii) 
consider the relevant manufacturer's target market assessment and distribution channels 
identified under the ["MiFID II Product Governance"]/["UK MiFIR Product 
Governance"] legend set out in the applicable Final Terms;  
(iv) 
ensure that any fee (and any other commissions or benefits of any kind) or rebate received 
or paid by that financial intermediary in relation to the offer or sale of the Notes does not 
violate the Rules and, to the extent required by the Rules, is fully and clearly disclosed to 
Investors or potential Investors; 
(v) 
hold all licences, consents, approvals and permissions required in connection with 
solicitation of interest in, or offers or sales of, the Notes under the Rules; 
(vi) 
comply with applicable anti-money laundering, anti-bribery, anti-corruption and know 
your client Rules (including, without limitation, taking appropriate steps, in compliance 
with such Rules, to establish and document the identity of each potential Investor prior to 
initial investment in any Notes by the Investor), and will not permit any application for 
Notes in circumstances where the financial intermediary has any suspicions as to the 
source of the application monies; 
(vii) 
retain Investor identification records for at least the minimum period required under 
applicable Rules, and shall, if so requested and to the extent permitted by the Rules, make

--- Page 10 ---
- ix - 
 
 
such records available to the relevant Dealer, the Issuer or directly to the appropriate 
authorities with jurisdiction over the Issuer and/or the relevant Dealer in order to enable 
the Issuer and/or the relevant Dealer to comply with anti-money laundering, anti-bribery, 
anti-corruption and know your client Rules applying to the Issuer and/or the relevant 
Dealer, as the case may be; 
(viii) 
ensure that it does not, directly or indirectly, cause the Issuer or the relevant Dealer to 
breach any Rule or subject the Issuer or the relevant Dealer to any requirement to obtain 
or make any filing, authorisation or consent in any jurisdiction; 
(ix) 
immediately inform the Issuer and the relevant Dealer if at any time it becomes aware or 
suspects that it is or may be in violation of any Rules and take all appropriate steps to 
remedy such violation and comply with such Rules in all respects; 
(x) 
comply with the conditions to the consent referred to under "Common Conditions to 
Consent" below and any further requirements or other Authorised Offeror Terms relevant 
to the Non-exempt Offer as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
(xi) 
make available to each potential Investor in the Notes this Base Prospectus (as 
supplemented as at the relevant time, if applicable), the applicable Final Terms and any 
applicable information booklet provided by the Issuer for such purpose, and not convey 
or publish any information that is not contained in or entirely consistent with this Base 
Prospectus and the applicable Final Terms; 
(xii) 
if it conveys or publishes any communication (other than this Base Prospectus or any other 
materials provided to such financial intermediary by or on behalf of the Issuer for the 
purposes of the relevant Non-exempt Offer) in connection with the relevant Non-exempt 
Offer, it will ensure that such communication (A) is fair, clear and not misleading and 
complies with the Rules, (B) states that such financial intermediary has provided such 
communication independently of the Issuer, that such financial intermediary is solely 
responsible for such communication and that none of the Issuer and the relevant Dealer 
accepts any responsibility for such communication and (C) does not, without the prior 
written consent of the Issuer or the relevant Dealer (as applicable), use the legal or 
publicity names of the Issuer or the relevant Dealer or any other name, brand or logo 
registered by an entity within its respective groups or any material over which any such 
entity retains a proprietary interest, except to describe the Issuer as issuer of the relevant 
Notes on the basis set out in this Base Prospectus; 
(xiii) 
ensure that no holder of Notes or potential Investor in Notes shall become an indirect or 
direct client of the Issuer or the relevant Dealer for the purposes of any applicable Rules 
from time to time, and to the extent that any client obligations are created by the relevant 
financial intermediary under any applicable Rules, then such financial intermediary shall 
perform any such obligations so arising; 
(xiv) 
co-operate with the Issuer and the relevant Dealer in providing such information 
(including, without limitation, documents and records maintained pursuant to paragraph 
(vii) above) and such further assistance as is reasonably requested upon written request 
from the Issuer or the relevant Dealer. For this purpose, relevant information is 
information that is available to or can be acquired by the relevant financial intermediary: 
(i) 
in connection with any request or investigation by the Central Bank or any other 
regulator in relation to the Notes, the Issuer or the relevant Dealer; and/or 
(ii) 
in connection with any complaints received by the Issuer and/or the relevant 
Dealer relating to the Issuer and/or the relevant Dealer or another Authorised 
Offeror including, without limitation, complaints as defined in rules published by 
the Central Bank and/or any other regulator of competent jurisdiction from time 
to time; and/or

--- Page 11 ---
- x - 
 
 
(iii) 
which the Issuer or the relevant Dealer may reasonably require from time to time 
in relation to the Notes and/or so as to allow the Issuer or the relevant Dealer fully 
to comply with its own legal, tax and regulatory requirements, 
in each case, as soon as is reasonably practicable and, in any event, within any time frame 
set by any such regulator or regulatory process; 
(xv) 
during the period of the initial offering of the Notes: (i) only sell the Notes at the Issue 
Price specified in the applicable Final Terms (unless otherwise agreed with the relevant 
Dealer); (ii) only sell the Notes for settlement on the Issue Date specified in the applicable 
Final Terms; (iii) not appoint any sub-distributors (unless otherwise agreed with the 
relevant Dealer); (iv) not pay any fee or remuneration or commissions or benefits to any 
third parties in relation to the offering or sale of the Notes (unless otherwise agreed with 
the relevant Dealer); and (v) comply with such other rules of conduct as may be reasonably 
required and specified by the relevant Dealer; and 
(xvi) 
either (i) obtain from each potential Investor an executed application for the Notes, or (ii) 
keep a record of all requests the relevant financial intermediary (x) makes for its 
discretionary management clients, (y) receives from its advisory clients and (z) receives 
from its execution-only clients, in each case prior to making any order for the Notes on 
their behalf, and in each case maintain the same on its files for so long as is required by 
any applicable Rules; 
(B) 
agrees and undertakes to indemnify each of the Issuer and the relevant Dealer (in each case on 
behalf of such entity and its respective directors, officers, employees, agents, affiliates and 
controlling persons (each a "Relevant Party")) against any losses, liabilities, costs, claims, 
charges, expenses, actions or demands (including reasonable costs of investigation and any defence 
raised thereto and counsel's fees and disbursements associated with any such investigation or 
defence) which any of them may incur or which may be made against any of them arising out of 
or in relation to, or in connection with, any breach of any of the foregoing agreements, 
representations, warranties or undertakings by such financial intermediary, including (without 
limitation) any unauthorised action by such financial intermediary or failure by such financial 
intermediary to observe any of the above restrictions or requirements or the making by such 
financial intermediary of any unauthorised representation or the giving or use by it of any 
information which has not been authorised for such purposes by the Issuer or the relevant Dealer. 
Neither the Issuer or any Dealer shall have any duty or obligation, whether as fiduciary or trustee 
for any Relevant Party or otherwise, to recover any such payment or to account to any other person 
for any amounts paid to it under this provision; and 
(C) 
agrees and accepts that: 
(i) 
the contract between the Issuer and the relevant financial intermediary formed upon 
acceptance by the relevant financial intermediary of the Issuer's offer to use the Base 
Prospectus with its consent in connection with the relevant Non-exempt Offer (the 
"Authorised Offeror Contract"), and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or 
in connection with the Authorised Offeror Contract, shall be governed by, and construed 
in accordance with, English law; 
(ii) 
subject to paragraph (iv) below, the English courts have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any 
dispute arising out of or in connection with the Authorised Offeror Contract (including 
any dispute relating to any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with 
the Authorised Offeror Contract) (a "Dispute") and the Issuer and the financial 
intermediary submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts; 
(iii) 
for the purposes of paragraphs (ii) and (iv) herein, the Issuer and the financial intermediary 
waives any objection to the English courts on the grounds that they are an inconvenient or 
inappropriate forum to settle any dispute; 
(iv) 
to the extent allowed by law, the Issuer and each relevant Dealer may, in respect of any 
Dispute or Disputes, take (i) proceedings in any other court with jurisdiction; and (ii) 
concurrent proceedings in any number of jurisdictions; and

--- Page 12 ---
- xi - 
 
 
(v) 
each relevant Dealer will, pursuant to the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999, be 
entitled to enforce those provisions of the Authorised Offeror Contract which are, or are 
expressed to be, for their benefit, including the agreements, representations, warranties, 
undertakings and indemnity given by the financial intermediary pursuant to the Authorised 
Offeror Terms. 
The financial intermediaries referred to in paragraphs (a)(ii), (a)(iii) and (b) above are together the 
"Authorised Offerors" and each an "Authorised Offeror". 
Any Authorised Offeror falling within paragraph (b) above who meets the conditions set out in paragraph 
(b) and the other conditions stated in "Common Conditions to Consent" below and who wishes to use this 
Base Prospectus in connection with a Non-exempt Offer is required, for the duration of the relevant Offer 
Period, to publish on its website the Acceptance Statement. 
Common Conditions to Consent 
The conditions to the Issuer's consent to the use of this Base Prospectus in the context of the relevant Non-
exempt Offer are (in addition to the conditions described in paragraph (a) above if Part B of the applicable 
Final Terms specifies "General Consent" as "Applicable") that such consent: 
(i) 
is only valid during the Offer Period specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(ii) 
only extends (as at the date of this Base Prospectus) to the use of this Base Prospectus to make 
Non-exempt Offers of the relevant Tranche of Notes in Ireland and Portugal under the Programme, 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
The consent referred to above relates to Offer Periods (if any) occurring within 12 months from the date of 
this Base Prospectus. 
The only relevant Member State which may, in respect of any Tranche of Notes, be specified in the 
applicable Final Terms (if any relevant Member States are so specified) as indicated in (ii) above, will be 
Ireland and Portugal and accordingly each Tranche of Notes may only be offered to Investors as part of a 
Non-exempt Offer in Ireland and Portugal as specified in the applicable Final Terms, or otherwise in 
circumstances in which no obligation arises for the Issuer or any Dealer to publish or supplement a 
prospectus for such offer. 
Arrangements between Investors and Authorised Offerors 
The Issuer does not have any responsibility for any of the actions of any Authorised Offeror, including 
compliance by an Authorised Offeror with applicable conduct of business rules or other local regulatory 
requirements or other securities law requirements in relation to such offer. 
AN INVESTOR INTENDING TO PURCHASE OR PURCHASING ANY NOTES IN A NON-
EXEMPT OFFER FROM AN AUTHORISED OFFEROR WILL DO SO AND OFFERS AND 
SALES OF SUCH NOTES TO AN INVESTOR BY SUCH AUTHORISED OFFEROR WILL BE 
MADE, IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE OFFER IN PLACE 
BETWEEN SUCH AUTHORISED OFFEROR AND SUCH INVESTOR INCLUDING 
ARRANGEMENTS 
IN 
RELATION 
TO 
PRICE, 
ALLOCATIONS, 
EXPENSES 
AND 
SETTLEMENT. THE ISSUER WILL NOT BE A PARTY TO ANY SUCH ARRANGEMENTS 
WITH SUCH INVESTORS IN CONNECTION WITH THE NON-EXEMPT OFFER OR SALE OF 
THE NOTES CONCERNED AND, ACCORDINGLY, THIS BASE PROSPECTUS AND ANY 
FINAL TERMS WILL NOT CONTAIN SUCH INFORMATION. THE RELEVANT 
INFORMATION WILL BE PROVIDED BY THE AUTHORISED OFFEROR AT THE TIME OF 
SUCH OFFER. NEITHER THE ISSUER OR, FOR THE AVOIDANCE OF DOUBT, ANY 
DEALER HAS ANY RESPONSIBILITY OR LIABILITY TO AN INVESTOR IN RESPECT OF 
THE INFORMATION DESCRIBED ABOVE. 
Issue Price and Offer Price 
Notes to be offered pursuant to a Non-exempt Offer will be issued by the Issuer at the Issue Price specified 
in the applicable Final Terms. The Issue Price will be determined by the Issuer in consultation with the 
relevant Dealer at the time of the relevant Non-exempt Offer and will depend, amongst other things, on

--- Page 13 ---
- xii - 
 
 
prevailing market conditions at that time. The offer price at which the Authorised Offeror will offer such 
Notes to the Investor will be the Issue Price or (where agreed with the relevant Dealer) such other price as 
may be agreed between an Investor and the Authorised Offeror making the offer of the Notes to such 
Investor. The Issuer will not be party to arrangements between an Investor and an Authorised Offeror, and 
the Investor will need to look to the relevant Authorised Offeror to confirm the price at which such 
Authorised Offeror is offering the Notes to such Investor.

--- Page 14 ---
- xiii - 
 
 
CAUTIONARY STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS 
Some statements in this Base Prospectus and certain documents incorporated by reference herein may be 
deemed to be forward looking statements. Forward looking statements include statements concerning the 
Issuer's plans, objectives, goals, strategies, future operations and performance and the assumptions 
underlying these forward looking statements. When used in this Base Prospectus, the words "anticipates", 
"estimates", "expects", "believes", "intends", "plans", "aims", "seeks", "may", "will", "should" and any 
similar expressions generally identify forward looking statements. These forward looking statements are 
contained in the sections entitled "Risk Factors" and "Description of the Business of the Group" and other 
sections of this Base Prospectus. By their nature, forward looking statements involve risk and uncertainty 
because they relate to future events and circumstances. The Issuer has based these forward looking 
statements on the current view of its management with respect to future events and financial performance. 
Although the Issuer believes that the expectations, estimates and projections reflected in its forward looking 
statements are reasonable as of the date of this Base Prospectus, if one or more of the risks or uncertainties 
materialise, including those identified below or which the Issuer has otherwise identified in this Base 
Prospectus, or if any of the Issuer's underlying assumptions prove to be incomplete or inaccurate, the 
Issuer's actual results of operation may vary from those expected, estimated or predicted. 
The risks and uncertainties referred to above include: 
 
the Issuer's ability to achieve and manage the growth of its business; 
 
the performance of the markets in Portugal and the wider region in which the Issuer operates; 
 
the Issuer's ability to realise the benefits it expects from existing and future projects and 
investments it is undertaking or plans to or may undertake; 
 
the Issuer's ability to obtain external financing or maintain sufficient capital to fund its existing 
and future investments and projects; 
 
changes in political, social, legal or economic conditions in the markets in which the Issuer and its 
customers operate; and 
 
actions taken by the Issuer's joint venture partners that may not be in accordance with its policies 
and objectives. 
 
Any forward looking statements contained in this Base Prospectus speak only as at the date of this Base 
Prospectus. Without prejudice to the Issuer's obligations under applicable laws and regulations in relation 
to disclosure and ongoing information, the Issuer expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to 
disseminate after the date of this Base Prospectus any updates or revisions to any forward looking 
statements contained in it to reflect any change in expectations or any change in events, conditions or 
circumstances on which any such forward looking statement is based.

--- Page 15 ---
CONTENTS 
Page 
RISK FACTORS .......................................................................................................................................... 1 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE ............................................................................. 61 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES ....................................................................................... 63 
ANNEX 1 ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS .......................................... 117 
ANNEX 2 ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INDEX LINKED NOTES ................... 151 
ANNEX 3 ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR EQUITY LINKED NOTES ................ 166 
ANNEX 4 ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INFLATION LINKED NOTES .......... 184 
ANNEX 5 ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FUND LINKED NOTES .................... 190 
ANNEX 6 ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FOREIGN EXCHANGE (FX) RATE 
LINKED NOTES ..................................................................................................................................... 208 
ANNEX 7 ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES ................. 221 
FORM OF NOTES ................................................................................................................................... 288 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS ...................................................................................................................... 291 
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT ..................................................................................................... 361 
USE OF PROCEEDS ............................................................................................................................... 419 
DESCRIPTION OF THE BUSINESS OF THE GROUP ........................................................................ 420 
SUMMARY FINANCIAL INFORMATION .......................................................................................... 477 
TAXATION ............................................................................................................................................. 486 
CLEARING AND SETTLEMENT .......................................................................................................... 496 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER RESTRICTIONS ..................................................... 498 
GENERAL INFORMATION .................................................................................................................. 504 
INDEX OF DEFINED TERMS ............................................................................................................... 515

--- Page 16 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
- 1 - 
 
 
RISK FACTORS 
An investment in the Notes involves a degree of risk. Prospective investors should carefully consider the 
risks set forth below and the other information contained in this Base Prospectus prior to making any 
investment decision with respect to the Notes. The risks described below could have a material adverse 
effect on BCP's business, financial condition and results of operations or the value of the Notes. Additional 
risks and uncertainties, including those of which the BCP Group's management is not currently aware or 
deems immaterial, may also potentially have an adverse effect on the BCP Group's business, results of 
operations, financial condition or future prospects or may result in other events that could cause investors 
to lose all or part of their investment. 
INTRODUCTION 
The risk factors described below are those that the Issuer believes are material and specific to the Issuer 
and that may affect the Issuer's ability to fulfil each of its obligations under the Notes. The risk factors have 
been organised into the following categories: 
 
1. 
Risks relating to the Issuer 
 
 
1.1 
Risks relating to the Economic and Financial Environment  
 
 
1.2 
Legal and Regulatory Risks 
 
 
1.3 
Risks relating to Acquisitions; 
 
 
1.4 
Risks relating to the Bank's Business; 
 
2. 
Risks relating to the Notes issued under the Programme 
 
 
2.1 
Risks relating to the Structure of particular Notes 
 
 
2.2 
Risks relating to Notes generally  
 
 
2.3 
Risks relating to the Market generally 
 
 
2.4 
Risks relating to ESG Notes 
Within each category, the most material risks, in the assessment of the Issuer, are set out first. The Issuer 
has assessed the relative materiality of the risk factors based on the probability of their occurrence and the 
expected magnitude of their negative impact. The order of the categories does not imply that any category 
of risk is more material than any other category. 
1. 
RISKS RELATING TO THE ISSUER 
1.1 
Risks relating to the Economic and Financial Environment 
Portuguese economy 
In 2021, gross domestic product ("GDP") grew 5.5%, which represented a strong recovery compared to the 
contraction recorded in the preceding year. The performance of the Portuguese activity benefited in 
particular from the easing of lockdown measures in the second quarter, which triggered a strong increase 
in consumption, in a context of high levels of accumulated savings by the families and the strength of the 
labour market. Investment stayed high throughout the year, boosted by the implementation of the Recovery 
and Resiliency Plan, and exports recovered strongly, despite the less favourable performance of services 
associated with tourism. 
The budgetary measures implemented in 2020, which proved vital in mitigating the adverse effects of the 
pandemic, resulted in a substantial deterioration of the public debt ratios, which, however, registered an 
improvement in 2021 (from 134.9% to 125.5%), in tandem with the strong recovery of economic activity. 
In 2022, the Bank of Portugal predicts an intensification of the recovery of the Portuguese economy. 
However, in 2023 the domestic and international forecasts point to a strong slowdown of the Portuguese 
economy, to growth rates below the potential GDP essentially driven by (i) rising inflation rates; (ii) tighter 
financial costs and (iii) the slowdown of the Portuguese main trade partners. Lower growth levels and 
higher inflation rates could have a material adverse effect on the Bank's business, financial condition, results 
of operations and prospects.

--- Page 17 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
- 2 - 
 
 
Risks of recession and/or slowdown of the Portuguese economy 
The Portuguese GDP increased in the first three quarters of 2022. However, in the following quarters of 
2022, the slowdown of the global GDP, high inflation rates and greater interest rates should negatively 
impact the Portuguese economy and lead to a recession in 2023 and/or recovery at a slower pace. 
Any limitation to the growth of the Portuguese economy would predictably imply a fall of demand for 
credit, the cost of funding could rise and the credit quality of the loans' portfolio and other segments of the 
asset side of the Bank's balance sheet would deteriorate. 
Global health crisis 
Portugal remains vulnerable to COVID-19 pandemic-related uncertainty, mainly as a result of new and 
reportedly more contagious variants of the coronavirus.  If this risk materialises supply shortages constraints 
could intensify, resulting in lower economic activity and additional inflationary pressures. 
The uncertainty related to the unpredictability of the pandemic evolution could continue to affect, the 
behaviour and financial position of the Bank's customers and, therefore, the supply and demand of the 
products and services offered by the Bank and its risk costs. 
Dramatic tightening in global financial market conditions 
The acceleration of global inflation and the tightening of monetary policy, has led to a deterioration of the 
global financial conditions.  The possibility of aggravation or persistence of adverse financial conditions 
could further weigh in on economic conditions, hindering the evolution of the banking business and, 
consequently, its profitability. 
Risks related to high levels of indebtedness 
The high levels of both corporate and households' debt increase the risks of widespread defaults in case of 
worsening of the economic condition and tightening of the financial conditions. Any deterioration in 
households' and companies' financial condition could lead to a fall in the demand for credit, and to a 
deterioration of the credit quality of the loans' portfolio and other segments of the asset side of the Bank's 
balance sheet. 
The high level of Portuguese government debt could lead to relevant limitations on the ability of the 
Portuguese government to stimulate growth in response to a downturn as severe as the current economic 
shock. The high public-sector indebtedness is therefore an important factor of vulnerability, as any change 
in investors' perception of the sustainability of Portuguese debt may contribute to raise the Bank's cost of 
funding and to weaken the performance of the financial assets held in the Bank's portfolio – in particular, 
the Portuguese public debt securities. 
Domestic political risks 
The 2022 parliamentary elections in Portugal conferred an absolute majority to the party that formed the 
government. However, the risks of social unrest stemming from high food and energy prices and/or any 
supply disruption of essential consumer goods and/or energy could lead to political instability and impact 
adversely the economic activity and the Portuguese Republic's credit profile. Any of these outcomes could 
have a material adverse effect on the Bank's business, financial condition, results of operations and 
prospects. 
Risks related to the European Union 
The Russia-Ukraine war underlines the need to strengthen coordination and cooperation in Europe, notably 
in the defense and energy sectors. In this context, any unforeseen political and/or legal obstacles to the 
implementation of policies and actions enacted by the European Union to support the European economy 
and ensure its territorial defense and energy and food supply could materially impact the integrity of the 
European Union. Any such outcome may affect the Portuguese sovereign credit profile, which may lead to 
concerns relating to the capacity of the Portuguese Republic to meet its funding needs. Any deterioration 
could have a direct impact on the value of the Bank's portfolio of public debt.  Any permanent reduction of 
the value of public debt would be reflected in the Bank's equity position.

--- Page 18 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
- 3 - 
 
 
Monetary policy risks 
The Bank is exposed to risks associated with tighter monetary and liquidity conditions from the European 
Central Bank's. Any sudden change in monetary policy could have a substantial downward impact on the 
valuation of the Portuguese government's debt directly, or indirectly via contagion through the loss in value 
of the public debt securities of other countries in the European Monetary Union, which would in turn 
negatively impact the Bank directly through its investment book and indirectly by affecting the price and 
availability of the Bank's funding in the market and also by potentially lowering the demand for loans from 
households and corporations.  In addition, any further substantial decline of European Central Bank's 
reference interest rates and/or the maintenance of negative interest rates for a protracted period would affect 
negatively the Bank's ability to generate net interest margin. 
Risks to the real estate market 
The current economic shock increases the risk of a significant devaluation of Portuguese real estate prices, 
including, without limitation, through a fall of demand both by residents and  non-residents, which may 
lead to an increase in impairment losses in the assets held directly by the Bank as well as in the participating 
units of the restructuring funds held by the Bank, and to increased exposure in counterparty risk for loans 
guaranteed by real estate collateral and in pension fund assets retained by the Bank. 
External-trade channel risk 
The deterioration of economic activity in the main trading partners of Portugal, along with global supply 
disruptions, the risk of protectionist policies and the possible behavioural changes in Portuguese trading 
partners could impact negatively the performance of the Portuguese economy and lead to economic and 
financial difficulties, which could have a material adverse effect on the Bank's business, financial condition, 
results of operations or its prospects. 
Geopolitical risks 
On 24 February 2022, Russia invaded Ukraine and launched a full-scale military attack against Ukraine.  
The war caused increased market volatility and may negatively affect the world's economy in general even 
further, and in particular the economy of the countries where the Group operates. The war has already 
caused a significant increase in prices of commodities and fuel and supply disruptions. This may put an 
additional financial strain on the Group's customers and affect their ability to perform their obligations 
towards the Group. The sanctions imposed on Russia may also negatively affect the financial condition of 
the Group's customers who conducted business in Russia or with Russian counterparts and who will not be 
able to sell their products and services in alternative markets. 
Any of these factors, among other adverse factors, such as the escalation of protectionism and trade wars 
among the major world economic blocs and/or the intensification of other potential military conflicts, could 
have a material adverse effect on the Bank's business, financial condition, results of operations and 
prospects. 
Risks related to United Kingdom-EU departure agreement 
The agreement reached between the EU and the United Kingdom (UK) in the end of December 2020 on 
the terms of the future cooperation reduced the uncertainty related to UK's departure from the EU, however, 
risks to the Portuguese economy deriving from the withdrawal of the United Kingdom from the EU remain, 
as the transition to the new UK-EU trading arrangements could reveal more difficult than expected. These 
could have a negative impact on the profitability of the Bank´s Portuguese operations, including through 
the deterioration of asset quality, given the importance of the United Kingdom as a market for Portuguese 
exports of goods and services (tourism, in particular) and also real-estate. 
Other economies where the Bank operates 
Poland 
Economic and geopolitical risks 
The containment measures aimed at limiting the spread of the COVID-19 pandemic led to a significant 
drop of economic activity in Poland in 2020. In 2021 and in the beginning of 2022, the Polish economy

--- Page 19 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
- 4 - 
 
 
rebounded strongly. In February 2022, however, the Russia-Ukraine conflict and its impact on the economic 
situation in Poland and abroad is one of the main sources of uncertainty. The war caused increased market 
volatility, substantial increase in energy and commodities prices and some disruptions in their supply, which 
may negatively affect the Polish economy and may put an additional financial strain on customers and 
affect their ability to perform their obligations. The sanctions imposed on Russia may also negatively affect 
the financial condition of customers who conducted business in Russia or with Russian counterparts and 
who will not be able to sell their products and services on alternative markets. At the same time, higher 
inflation driven to large extent by energy prices, forced the Polish central bank to tighten monetary policy 
more aggressively than expected. Interest rates may continue to increase. High inflation and the 
continuation of this tightening cycle poses downward risks to the economic growth in Poland in coming 
quarters with a negative impact on the economic conditions of both corporate and households’ sectors. 
The war has caused a number of Ukrainians to seek refuge in neighbouring countries. According to the 
Polish Border Guard up to the end of October 2022, almost 7.4 million people crossed the border from 
Ukraine to Poland. Approximately 5.6 million of Ukrainians returned home. The large number of refugees 
finding shelter in Poland may put a significant strain on the Polish public services and may lead to increased 
government spending aimed at supporting the refugees. The circumstances may negatively affect Polish 
public debt. Any deterioration of economic conditions in Poland and instability in financial markets may 
constrain economic activity and cause greater volatility of the Polish zloty ("PLN") exchange rate and, 
consequently, affect the Bank's results directly through financial operations and indirectly through 
repercussions on the clients' financial situation. 
Domestic political risks 
Political and legal tensions with the European Union, could adversely affect political and social stability in 
Poland and consequently its economic and financial situation, which would negatively impact the Bank's 
activity and results. Domestic political risk might increase in 2023 because of expected general elections. 
Risks related to banking system policy and legislation 
Risks related to the implementation of economic policy decisions, namely on the tax front, targeting the 
banking system by Polish authorities, could negatively affect investors' confidence and the economic 
activity and, consequently, negatively impact the profitability of the Polish banking sector. 
On 7 July 2022, the Parliament approved a bill on crowdfunding for business ventures and assistance to 
borrowers (the "Act"). The Act, among others, introduces credit holidays for PLN mortgage borrowers. 
Costs of these credit holidays were the direct reason for the significant net loss of Bank Millennium S.A. 
("Bank Millennium") in Poland in the third quarter of 2022 and consequently a breach of the regulatory 
minimum capital requirements. As a result, Bank Millennium launched recovery plan and filed a capital 
protection plan with relevant authorities. 
Although Bank Millennium intends to gradually return to profitability and organically rebuild its capital 
position and capital ratios, further alterations to the bill or introduction of any other equally significant 
customer oriented regulations by the lawmakers/regulators or additional potential losses from current of 
future litigation processes, like litigation on CHF mortgage loans, may result in further losses and a result 
in a continuation of the breach of regulatory minimum capital requirements in the future.  
Mozambique 
Commodity prices risks 
Mozambique is an important exporter of aluminium and coal and has also important projects in progress 
related to natural gas.  As weaker global demand drives down commodity prices, the Mozambican economy 
could face significant pressure on its public finances, on real economic activity and on its exchange rate, 
which could negatively impact the reform efforts that Mozambican authorities have been implementing in 
the last years in order to address the sovereign debt crisis. Any deterioration of economic and financial 
conditions could result in additional negotiations with the IMF and international creditors. In such 
circumstances, the Bank's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects could be 
negatively affected.

--- Page 20 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
- 5 - 
 
 
Domestic political risks 
Any deterioration of the economic and financial situation may contribute to the rise of political tensions 
(Frelimo and Renamo, the two main political parties in Mozambique, have been holding start-stop talks 
aimed at ending a military conflict that was resumed in 2013), which could negatively affect the Bank's 
business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.  
Separately, the natural gas industry in Mozambique has been crucial to both the expansion of economic 
growth and social change.  Since 2017, the country has been struggling to control an insurgency 
orchestrated by militants linked to the Islamic State. This has contributed to exacerbate the levels of social 
vulnerability in Cabo Delgado. The progress of the LNG projects, crucial to the recovery of economic 
growth, has been affected as attacks have occurred in areas closer to the projects operations site. 
Additionally, the already tight public budget has seen significant pressures from increased military 
spending. In this context, if the scale and frequency of attacks in gas-rich Cabo Delgado Province intensifies 
it could hinder the natural gas industry activity and thereby the expansion of economic activity and social 
progress.  Any of these factors could negatively affect the Bank's business, financial condition, results of 
operations and prospects. 
Angola 
Commodity prices risks 
Given the reliance of Angolan economy on oil exports, any risks of global economic slowdown could create 
significant pressure on Angola's public finances, on the real economic activity and on its exchange rate, 
which could negatively impact the reform efforts that Angolan authorities have been implementing in the 
previous years in order to address economic and structural imbalances. In such circumstances, the Bank's 
business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects could be negatively affected. 
1.2 
Legal and Regulatory Risks 
The Bank is subject to complex regulation that could increase regulatory (among which capital and 
liquidity) requirements. 
The Bank conducts its business in accordance with applicable regulations and is subject to related 
regulatory risks, including the effects of amendments to laws, regulations and policies applicable in 
Portugal and in other countries where the Bank operates. Regulatory entities, including the European 
Commission, the European Banking Authority ("EBA"), the European Securities Market Authority 
("ESMA"), the Single Resolution Board ("SRB"), the European Central Bank ("ECB"). Banco de Portugal 
as well as Comissão do Mercado de Valores Mobiliários ("CMVM") and Autoridade de Supervisão de 
Seguros e Fundos de Pensões ("ASF"), and other national competent authorities and regulators in countries 
where Bank's subsidiaries and branches are located, under their respective competencies, have implemented 
significant changes to the Bank's regulatory framework, particularly in relation to capital and liquidity 
adequacy and the scope of the Bank's operations. These changes are continuously being updated and 
revised, adjusting to past experience or to new business trends and other changes may be implemented in 
the future. Consequently, the Bank could face diverse, additional and/or more intense regulation that could 
adversely and significantly impact the results of its operations. 
In May 2019, the Council adopted a comprehensive legislative package (the "Banking Package") 
implementing some of the final elements of the Basel III framework ("Basel III") at the European level by 
way of amendments to Regulation No. 575/2013/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council, of 26 
June 2013, as amended (the "Capital Requirements Regulation" or "CRR") and Directive 2013/36/EU 
of the European Parliament and of the Council, of 26 June 2013, as amended (the "Capital Requirements 
Directive" or "CRD IV"), that together establish the basis for the prudential regulatory framework for credit 
institutions, and on the framework for the recovery and resolution of banks in difficulty, notably Directive 
2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council, of 15 May 2014, as amended (the "Bank 
Recovery and Resolution Directive" or "BRRD") and Regulation No. 806/2014/EU of the European 
Parliament and of the Council, of 15 July 2014 (the "SRM Regulation"). 
Some of these changes have already been enacted (and some have been brought forward as a response to 
the COVID-19 pandemic), while others will enter into force in the coming years together with changes 
stemming from the adoption of the Basel III reforms. On 27 October 2021, the European Commission

--- Page 21 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
- 6 - 
 
 
published a proposal aiming to finalise the EU's implementation of this framework, scheduled to apply as 
from 1 January 2025, subject to transition periods. Amendments to existing framework comprise, among 
others, fit and proper requirements, the application of output floors on risk weighted assets ("RWA") for 
internal ratings-based ("IRB") banks, possibility to revert from internal ratings-based approach to 
standardised, higher risk weights for equity exposures, changes on the market risk and operational risk and 
requirements to identify and manage environmental, social and governance risks. On 8 November 2022, 
the Council of the EU set its position on the Commission proposals, specifying that banks have the 
discretion to apply the output floor at the highest level of consolidation and that fit and proper frameworks 
should further consider national specificities and practices, and it also agreed to a two-year delay to 2025. 
The Bank also operates under Decree-Law No. 298/92, of 31 December 1992 (as amended) (the "Banking 
Law"), applicable to credit institutions in Portugal. Changes to the Banking Law  have been approved by 
the Portuguese Parliament, transposing CRD V and BRRD II. Both these directives were laid out in the 
draft version of the Banking Activity Code, aiming at a recast of the Banking Law, that was under analysis 
by the Ministry of Finance. 
The macroprudential toolkit for banks has been applicable since 2014, mostly comprising a set of prudential 
tools designed to limit systemic risks and safeguard financial stability. The European Commission is 
conducting an evaluation and an impact assessment for a possible legislative proposal that will be submitted 
to the European Parliament and to the Council in 2023, and that may introduce changes to the banks' capital 
buffer framework. 
Also, changes to RWA could come from adjustments on internal models, such as those associated with 
changes to calibration or further to supervisory requirements and recommendations. 
The implementation of new or revised regulations may increase capital or liquidity requirements and could 
result in additional preparatory work, disclosure needs, restrictions on certain types of transactions, 
limitations to the Bank's strategy, the need to take strategic actions, which may include raising additional 
capital, issuing funding instruments, and/or limitations to, or modification of, the Bank's earnings derived 
from margin, fees, capital gains or other sources of income. Any of the above may reduce the business 
volume and the yield of the Bank's investments, assets or holdings, which could have a material adverse 
effect on the Bank's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.  For further details 
on banking regulation please see "Description of the Business of the Group – Recent developments on the 
banking regulation". 
Furthermore, a global systemically important institution ("G-SII") could face additional requirements. 
Although it is currently not anticipated that Portuguese banks may be classified as G-SIIs, there is no 
assurance that this will not change in the future. The Bank is currently classified as an "other systemically 
important institution" ("O-SII"), and as such it is subject to concurrent additional capital requirements, 
which could increase and lead to lower returns on equity. The revision of the macro prudential framework 
may also impact the setting of the O-SII buffer namely given the EBA's paper on further harmonization of 
O-SII buffers methodologies and calculation at the EU level, issued on 22 December 2020. 
The Banking Union may impose additional regulatory requirements that may impact the Bank's results. 
The European Commission established a common regulation (the Single Rule Book) and a common 
supervisory architecture which comprises the Single Supervisory Mechanism ("SSM"), the Single 
Resolution Mechanism ("SRM") and the European Deposits Insurance Scheme ("EDIS"). The regulatory 
framework under the Banking Union and future modifications to it may result in, or require changes to, the 
strategic positioning of financial institutions, including their business model and risk exposure, and could 
result in additional costs in order to ensure compliance with the new requirements and may potentially 
restrict the Bank's ability to comply with its financial undertakings regarding debt and equity instruments. 
See further "Description of the Business of the Group – Recent developments on the banking regulation". 
Single Supervisory Mechanism 
The Banking Union assigned the role of direct banking supervisor to the ECB to ensure that the largest 
banks in the Euro zone and in each Member State, which includes the Bank, are independently supervised 
under common rules.  The Bank is currently in compliance with Supervisory Review and Evaluation 
Process ("SREP") requirements. If the Bank's regulatory ratios (capital and/or liquidity) fall below the 
thresholds specified or guided by the relevant regulatory entities (including pursuant to the SREP) the Bank

--- Page 22 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
- 7 - 
 
 
may need to adopt additional measures to strengthen those regulatory ratios (including at unfavourable 
terms), such as an acceleration of deleveraging, the reduction of RWA, divestments, issuance of liabilities 
and other measures that may include rights issues. Furthermore, any additional capital adequacy 
requirements imposed on the Bank may result in the need to increase its capital buffers in order to fulfil 
more demanding capital or liabilities ratio requirements, thereby increasing the costs to the Bank and 
reducing the return on equity. Any of the aforementioned situations could have a material adverse effect on 
the Bank's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
During the SREP, the supervisor not only defines banks' capital and liquidity requirements (e.g. Pillar 2 
capital requirements ("P2R") and Pillar 2 capital guidance ("P2G")) but may also decide to impose 
additional measures on banks, including liquidity and qualitative measures, including deductions to 
regulatory capital. As of June 2021, CRD V and the CRR II introduced additional own funds requirements 
for the leverage ratio for which competent authorities are obliged to assess the risk of excessive leverage 
and potentially impose a P2R-LR on top of the P1R-LR if the risk of excessive leverage is not covered or 
not sufficiently covered by P1R-LR. Similarly, to the P2G, the P2G-LR is based on the outcomes of the 
adverse scenario of the relevant supervisory stress tests. 
See further "Description of the Business of the Group – Recent developments on the banking regulation". 
A change in the prudential supervision framework or stemming from the regular supervisory review and 
evaluation process may: 
 
impose additional capitalisation demands on the Bank, in particular if the SSM requires the 
reclassification of assets and/or a revision of coverage levels for impairment, backstop provisions, 
more demanding internal model parameters which could result in the Bank being subject to 
additional capital requirements, or to any future stress tests; 
 
given the classification of the Bank as an O-SII, lead to higher combined capital buffer 
requirements; and 
 
lead to a higher countercyclical capital buffer and capital conservation buffer. 
If, following a capital requirement exercise, such as a stress test, capital quality or risk management 
assurance exercise or equivalent exercise, a capital deficit is identified, it could adversely affect the cost of 
funding for the Bank and have a materially adverse impact on its business, financial condition, results of 
operations and prospects. 
The Bank is also currently compliant with the CRD required liquidity related ratios, i.e., the liquidity 
coverage ratio ("LCR") which requires banks to hold sufficient unencumbered high quality liquid assets to 
withstand a 30-day stressed funding scenario, and the net stable funding ratio ("NSFR") reflecting the 
amount available of stable funding to its amount of required stable funding. 
These requirements may change in the future, a scenario which could have an impact on the Bank's capital 
and liquidity needs and adversely affect the Bank's business, financial condition, results of operations and 
prospects. For more information on the topics above see further "The results of additional stress tests could 
result in a need to increase capital or a loss of public confidence in the Group" and "Description of the 
Business of the Group – Recent developments on the banking regulation". 
Single Resolution Mechanism 
 
The BRRD (which implementation into Portuguese law was completed by Law No. 23-A/2015, of 
26 March, as amended, including in the newest update of the Banking Law) establishes a 
framework for the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and investment companies which 
contemplates that capital instruments may be subject to non-viability loss absorption, in addition 
to the application of the general bail-in tool (which may apply to any of the Notes). As such, the 
use of resolution tools and powers provided for by the Banking Union may disrupt the rights of 
shareholders and creditors. In particular, the power of the authorities to transfer the shares or all or 
part of the assets of an institution to a private purchaser without the consent of shareholders affects 
the property rights of shareholders. In addition, the power to decide which liabilities to transfer out 
of a failing institution based upon the objectives of ensuring the continuity of services and avoiding 
adverse effects on financial stability may affect the equal treatment of creditors. For further details

--- Page 23 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
- 8 - 
 
 
please see "Description of the Business of the Group – Recent developments on the banking 
regulation". 
 
To avoid having institutions structuring their liabilities in a way that prevents the effectiveness of 
the bail-in or other resolution tools and to avoid the risk of contagion or a bank run, the BRRD 
requires that institutions meet a robust minimum requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities 
("MREL") at all times. In order to meet MREL requirements, the Bank may need to issue MREL-
eligible instruments, impacting its funding structure and financing costs. Such mechanisms and 
procedures, besides having the capacity to restrain the Bank's strategy, could increase the average 
cost of the Bank's liabilities, in particular, without limitation, the cost of Additional Tier 1, Tier 2 
instruments and other MREL eligible instruments and thus negatively affect the Bank's earnings. 
These instruments may also result in a potential dilution of the percentage of ownership of existing 
shareholders, given their potential convertibility features under application of a resolution or other 
measure or in accordance with their terms. The aforementioned instruments might be viewed by 
investors as riskier than other debt instruments, primarily due to the risk of capital losses, missed 
coupon payments, insufficient maximum distributable amount buffer, conversion into capital 
instruments and lack of available distributable items. As a result, investor appetite for these 
instruments may vary in the future, increasing issuance cost or could render the Bank unable to 
place them in the market. In this case, the Bank would have to issue Common Equity Tier 1 
("CET1") capital to meet the mentioned regulatory requirements or issue Additional Tier 1, Tier 
2 or other regulatory eligible instruments that would entail an associated coupon expense which 
may have a material adverse effect on the Bank's business, financial condition, results of operations 
and prospects. See "Description of the Business of the Group – Trends Information" for more 
information on MREL requirements applicable to the Issuer. 
 
Decree-Law No. 31-A/2012, of 10 February, which amended the Banking Law, also introduced 
the creation of the privileges accorded to claims associated with loans backed-up by deposits under 
the Deposit Guarantee Fund ("DGF"), as well as credit secured by the DGF, the Integrated Mutual 
Agricultural Scheme (which, in Portugal, is formed by the Central Mutual Agricultural Bank 
(Caixa Central de Crédito Agrícola Mútua) and its associated banks) or the Portuguese Resolution 
Fund (Fundo de Resolução) (the "Resolution Fund"), arising from the potential financial support 
that these institutions might give in the context of the implementation of resolution measures, in 
each case within the limits of the applicable laws. 
 
Under Article 153-O of the Banking Law, the Resolution Fund may be required to finance the 
implementation of the resolution measures applied by Banco de Portugal and the resulting general 
and administrative expenses. At the present date, there is no reliable estimate of the potential losses 
to be incurred by the Resolution Fund, notably those that have been publicly mentioned as 
potentially arising from (i) the sale of Novo Banco, S.A. ("Novo Banco") (including, without 
limitation, the contingent capitalisation mechanism), (ii) the litigation relating to Banco Espírito 
Santo, S.A. ("BES"), (iii) the resolution process of Banco Internacional do Funchal, S.A. 
("BANIF") and related expenses, and (iv) the amount and timing of the Bank's contributions to the 
Resolution Fund and the reimbursement of the loans granted by the Bank to the Resolution Fund. 
Thus, the impact of the BES and BANIF resolution processes on the Bank, a participant in the 
Resolution Fund, could depend on external factors not controlled by the Bank, including the 
proceeds from the Resolution Fund's assets, the future funding needs and contingent liabilities of 
the Resolution Fund including, without limitation, those related to the sale of Novo Banco to Lone 
Star. For further details on the Resolution Fund and related contributions of the Bank see 
"Description of the Business of the Group – Recent developments on the banking regulation". 
 
The financial resources of the Resolution Fund result essentially from the initial and periodical 
contributions paid by member institutions, the proceeds from the bank levy, created by Law no. 
55-A/2010, of 31 December, and the returns on the investment of its financial means. 
 
The amount of the periodical contribution for the Resolution Fund is calculated every year pursuant 
to Regulation 1/2013 of Banco de Portugal, as amended by Regulations 8/2014 and 14/2014, using 
a base rate which is published by Banco de Portugal. There can be no assurance that in the future 
Banco de Portugal will maintain the current base rate. Increases in the base rate in future years may 
reduce the Bank's profitability. See "Description of the Business of the Group – Recent 
developments on the banking regulation".

--- Page 24 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
- 9 - 
 
 
 
In the event of a shortage of funds, a negative financial impact, of an uncertain nature, on the 
Resolution Fund and, indirectly, on the Portuguese banking sector, could occur. The definition of 
the financing structure of a possible shortage (in terms of type of contribution, its distribution in 
time and any recourse to temporary loans) will depend on the amount of such hypothetical shortage. 
See "Description of the Business of the Group – Recent developments on the banking regulation". 
 
This situation has been disclosed in the financial statements of the Bank as a contingent liability, 
with no impacts recorded on the financials or capital ratios of the Bank. There can be no assurance 
that such accounting treatment will be maintained in the future, and as such there is no guarantee 
that the Bank's business, financial condition, results of operations, prospects and capital ratios will 
not be affected by the factors described above. 
 
The impact of the above is uncertain and the Bank can give no assurance that the current 
understanding/framework/accounting treatment and related contributions will not be changed in 
the future (including that recourse to special contributions may occur) thus negatively impacting 
BCP's financial condition, including a negative impact on net income, capital ratios, earnings and 
long-term targets. 
European Deposit Insurance Scheme 
The establishment of EDIS is contingent on certain political decisions, in particular as to whether it should 
be a system based on the reinsurance between the several national deposit guarantee funds or a 
mutualisation mechanism at European level. The decision and implementation processes of the guarantee 
scheme may have material adverse effects on the Bank's business activity, liquidity, financial condition, 
results of operations and prospects. 
Directive 2014/49/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council, of 16 April 2014, concerning the 
deposit guarantee systems carried the harmonisation of the deposit guarantee system in force in each of the 
Member States, including Portugal. The changes contemplate the introduction of size and risk-based 
contributions by entity and harmonisation of products and depositors covered, maintaining, however, the 
principle of a harmonised limit per depositor and not per deposit. 
According to the BRRD, and consequently the Banking Law, as amended, including, without limitation, 
the amendments of Law No.23-A/2015, of 26 March and the update brought by the changes to the Banking 
Law, banks must ensure that by 3 July 2024, the financial resources available to a deposit guarantee scheme 
("DGS") amount to a target-level of 0.8% of the amount of DGF-covered deposits. 
If, after this target level is reached for the first time, the available financial resources are less than two thirds 
of the target level, Banco de Portugal will set the periodic contributions at a level that allows the target level 
to be reached within six years. If the available financial resources are not sufficient to reimburse the 
depositors, in the event of unavailability of deposits, DGS members must pay ex-post contributions not 
exceeding 0.5% of the DGF-covered deposits for the exercise period of the DGF. In exceptional 
circumstances, the DGS can request a higher amount of contribution with the approval of Banco de 
Portugal. 
The exemption from the immediate payment of ex-ante contributions shall not exceed 30% of the total 
amount of contributions raised. This possibility depends on the credit institutions undertaking irrevocable 
payment commitments, to pay part of or the whole amount of the contribution which has not been paid in 
cash to the DGF, that are fully backed by collateral composed of low-risk assets unencumbered by any 
third-party rights and partly or wholly pledged in favour of the DGF at the DGF's request. 
The additional indirect costs of the deposit guarantee systems may be significant and can consist of costs 
associated with the provision of detailed information to clients about products, costs of compliance with 
specific regulations on advertising for deposits or other products similar to deposits. They can therefore 
affect the activity of the relevant banks and consequently their business activities, financial condition, 
results of operations and prospects. 
The EU is proceeding with a review of the bank crisis management and deposit insurance framework that 
may entail changes to the single resolution mechanism and deposit guarantees schemes framework which 
could impact on the Bank's contributions to such schemes.

--- Page 25 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
- 10 - 
 
 
The resolutions adopted by the European Commission regarding financial services and products in the 
context of disclosure compliance and investor protection, changes in consumer protection laws, the 
effects of higher interest rates and policies in support of families but at cost to the banks may limit the 
business approach, increase contributions or limit fees that the Bank can charge in certain banking 
transactions. 
Several European Commission regulatory initiatives regarding financial services and products have been 
transposed/implemented in the past few years, including: 
(1) 
The Markets in Financial Instruments Directive II, Directive 2014/65/EU of the European 
Parliament and of the Council, of 15 May 2014, as amended ("MiFID II"), which has been 
transposed into Portuguese law by Law No. 35/2018, of 20 July 2018, and is already in force, and 
the Markets in Financial Instruments Regulation, Regulation (EU) No. 600/2014 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council, of 15 May 2014, as amended ("MiFIR"). Some areas of the MiFID 
II and MiFIR frameworks are currently under revision. 
(2) 
Regulation (EU) No. 1286/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council, of 26 November 
2014, as amended, relating to packaged retail and insurance-based investment products 
("PRIIPs"), complemented by Delegated Regulation (EU) No. 653/2017 of the Commission, of 8 
March 2017, as amended, which applies from 1 January 2018.  On 4 January 2018, the CMVM 
issued a "Circular" regarding PRIIPs subject to the CMVM's supervision, outlining further 
applicable requirements and Law 35/2018, of 20 July 2018 introduced the legal framework for 
PRIIPs in Portugal; 
(3) 
The Payment Services Directive, Directive (EU) 2015/2366 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council, of 25 November 2015, as amended, ("PSD 2") was transposed into Portuguese law by 
Decree-Law no. 91/2018, of 12 November 2018, creating new types of payment services and 
reinforcing customer protection and security. 
(4) 
The European Market Infrastructure Regulation, Regulation (EU) No. 648/2012 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council, of 4 July 2012, as amended ("EMIR"), which sets out procedures 
regarding over-the-counter ("OTC") markets and derivatives, namely on clearing; 
(5) 
The EU Benchmarks Regulation, Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 of the European Parliament and of 
the Council of 8 June 2016 on indices used as benchmarks in financial instruments and financial 
contracts or to measure the performance of investment funds, introduces a regime for benchmark 
interest rates and may lead to changes of the rates used as reference rates in the Bank's normal 
course of business, impacting on margins, business approach and operations. Under the borrowers 
support framework in Poland the reference rate WIBOR will be replaced by a risk free rate over 
the medium term. The EURIBOR complies with the Benchmark Regulation and currently there 
are no plans to discontinue or replace it. However, banks are required to adopt fallback rates in 
case EURIBOR ends. 
(6) 
The EU Parliament has adopted the Digital Operational Resilience Act ("DORA") and the DORA 
Amending Directive, focusing on Information and Communications Technology ("ICT") risk 
requirements, which also includes an oversight framework for critical third-party providers, such 
as cloud service providers, in order to mitigate ICT risks. 
Also, the European Union General Data Protection Regulation, approved by the Regulation (EU) 2016/679 
of the European Parliament and of the Council, of 27 April of 2016, as amended from time to time 
("GDPR") harmonises data privacy laws across Europe, to protect and empower all European Union 
citizens' data privacy and to reshape the way organisations across the region approach data privacy. 
Furthermore, Decree-Law No. 107/2017, of 30 August 2017, lays down the rules on switching of payment 
accounts, the comparability of commissions, as well as the access to payment accounts with basic features, 
transposing Directive 2014/92/EU, of the European Parliament and of the Council of 23 July 2014. Changes 
in consumer protection laws in Portugal and other jurisdictions where the Bank has operations could limit 
the fees that banks may charge for certain products and services, such as mortgages, unsecured loans, credit 
cards and fund transfers and remittances. See "Description of the Business of the Group – Recent 
developments on the banking regulation".

--- Page 26 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
- 11 - 
 
 
Compliance with these obligations entails increased operational and financial costs for the Bank and may 
also affect the provision of financial services to customers, and therefore impact on the Bank's overall 
results. Furthermore, some of them are being revised or their full implementation is only foreseen in the 
coming years. 
The implementation of these legal initiatives could affect the regular functioning of the market and 
significantly impact the Bank's business, financial condition, net income and prospects. 
Changes in Portuguese legislation regarding banking commissions and other changes 
The Economic and Social Stabilization Programme approved by the Portuguese Government established 
an additional solidarity contribution charged to banks, which continuity has been foreseen in the annual 
state budget law. 
Law no. 53/2020, of 26 August 2020, and Law no. 57/2020 of 28 August 2020, set out rules for the 
protection of consumers of financial services by implementing restrictions on the application of certain 
bank fees. Furthermore, a Decree-Law on renegotiation of mortgage loans for highly indebted households 
was approved in November 2022, which includes measures such as maturity extensions in order to ease the 
debt service burden to customers. These measures result in higher operational costs for the Bank. 
The Ukraine-Russian war intensified the uncertainty context, namely concerning future actions by 
regulators and authorities' initiatives that could result in either further restrictions or further relief measures. 
It also remains uncertain whether the COVID-19 pandemic will continue to have an impact on the Bank's 
regular course of business in the future with new pandemic waves demanding further mitigation actions . 
Further limitations or reductions of commissions charged by banks in Portugal may adversely affect the 
business and performance of the Issuer. The implementation of other initiatives that may arise in the future, 
and which content is unknown, could impact the Bank's business, financial condition, net income, capital, 
RWA and prospects. 
Changes in Polish banking legislation 
The Polish government enacted a law to support borrowers comprising interest moratoria, contributions to 
support fund and benchmark rates reform, with significant costs to banks in Poland including Bank 
Millennium.  The final impact of this legislation on the business, financial condition, capital and prospects 
of Bank Millennium and the Bank remains uncertain, although material costs have already been capitalized 
in the third quarter of 2022. 
The Bank is subject to compliance risk, which may lead to claims of non-compliance with regulations 
and lawsuits by public agencies, regulatory agencies and other parties.  
Furthermore, as the Bank operates in a highly regulated industry, it may be subject to claims of non-
compliance with regulations and lawsuits by public agencies, regulatory agencies and other parties. The 
Bank's regulators frequently conduct inspections and request information in respect of the Bank's or its 
clients' activities and transactions. Any inspections or other proceedings that are unfavourable to the Bank 
may result in sanctions, limitations on its business opportunities, or a reduction of its growth potential, and 
may have an adverse effect on the Bank's ability to comply with certain contractual obligations or retain 
certain commercial relationships. 
Among others, the Bank is subject: 
 
to provisioning requirements, minimum cash level, credit qualification, record-keeping, privacy, 
liquidity, permitted investments, contingency, and other prudential and behavioural requirements 
which have associated costs; any increase or change in the criteria of these requirements could 
have an impact on the Bank's operations and results; 
 
to rules and regulations related to the prevention of money laundering, bribery and terrorism 
financing. Compliance with anti-money laundering, anti-bribery and counter-terrorist financing 
rules entails significant cost and effort. Non-compliance with these rules may have serious 
consequences, including adverse legal and reputational consequences and consequences in the 
Bank's relationship with its clients, partners, service providers and other third parties. Although the

--- Page 27 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
- 12 - 
 
 
Bank believes that its current anti-money laundering, anti-bribery and counter-terrorism financing 
policies and procedures are adequate to ensure compliance with applicable legislation, the Bank 
cannot guarantee that it has in the past or will comply, at all times, with all applicable rules or that 
its regulations for fighting money laundering, bribery and terrorism financing as extended to the 
whole Group are applied by its employees under all circumstances; 
 
to competition regulations.  In particular, the Bank is subject to laws prohibiting the abuse of a 
dominant market position and prohibiting agreements and/or concerted practices between business 
entities that aim to prevent, restrict or distort competition, or have the effect of preventing, 
restricting or distorting competition.  In cases where the Bank is found to have infringed the 
relevant rules of Portuguese and/or European Union competition law, the Bank is subject to the 
risk of fines of up to 10% of its consolidated annual turnover in addition to a public announcement 
of any sanctions issued; and 
 
in addition to penalties imposed by the European Commission and/or the competent competition 
authorities, the Bank may be ordered by these entities or by national courts, as applicable, to 
discontinue certain practices, comply with behavioural or structural remedies, or pay damages to 
third parties that demonstrate that they have been harmed by the Bank's infringement of 
competition rules, whether based on an earlier infringement decision by the relevant authority or 
independent of any such decision.  The Bank may also be subject to similar consequences in other 
jurisdictions where it is active, as imposed by competition authorities or national courts of such 
jurisdictions.  This can lead to material adverse effects on the Bank's business, financial condition, 
results of operations and prospects. 
The Bank is subject to obligations and costs resulting from the legal and regulatory framework related 
to the prevention, mitigation and monitoring of asset quality. 
Several regulatory and legislative initiatives have been and continue to be put in place to address asset 
quality issues, with particular focus on the non-performing exposures ("NPEs") and/or non-performing 
loans ("NPLs") as authorities highlight credit risk and heightened levels of NPLs as key risks facing euro 
area banks. 
In compliance with the ECB's banking supervision, the Bank has been implementing a NPE reduction plan 
which is closely monitored by the ECB and is globally aligned with the ECB's Guidance on NPL and 
subsequent Addendum, which addresses the main aspects of the strategy, governance and operations 
relating to an efficient disposal of NPLs, but adjustments and recommendations can follow from the regular 
monitoring performed by the supervisor. 
BCP's NPE reduction plan is closely monitored by the ECB, also including the evolution of Corporate 
Restructuring Funds, Further requirements imposed by the ECB may arise from the follow-up discussions 
and new regulations on the matter. This could adversely and significantly impact the Bank's business, 
results of operations, financial condition, including capital position, and prospects. 
The implementation of the legal and regulatory framework currently envisaged, as well as any potential 
additional regulatory or self-regulation measures, could have a material adverse effect on the Bank's 
business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.  See "Description of the Business of the 
Group – Trends Information and Recent developments on the banking regulation" for further details on the 
implementation of the Bank's NPL strategy and on regulatory developments regarding NPLs and NPEs. 
Changes to tax legislation, regulations, higher taxes or lower tax benefits could have an adverse effect 
on the Bank's activity.  Implementation of legislation relating to taxation of the financial sector could 
have a material adverse effect on the Bank's results of operations. 
The Bank might be adversely affected by changes in the tax legislation and other regulations applicable in 
Portugal, the European Union and other countries in which it operates, as well as by changes in the 
interpretation of legislation and regulation by the competent Tax Authorities.  In addition, the Bank might 
be adversely affected by difficulties in the interpretation of or compliance with new tax laws and 
regulations.  The materialisation of these risks may have a material adverse effect on the Bank's business, 
financial condition, results of operations and prospects.

--- Page 28 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
- 13 - 
 
 
The various measures approved by the Portuguese Republic to ensure budgetary consolidation, stimulate 
the economy and support the banking system have led to a considerable increase of public debt levels.  In 
the context of low growth, the need to restore the balance of public finances in the medium term led to 
increased tax costs through the expansion of the tax base, the increase in tax rates and/or reduction of tax 
benefits, as well as the increase in restrictions on tax planning practices, which may directly affect the 
Bank's net income.  Moreover, changes in legislation may require the Bank to bear additional costs 
associated with participation in financial stabilisation mechanisms and resolution funds at a national and 
European level. 
For example, despite the ex-ante Contribution to the Single Resolution Fund to support the application of 
resolution measures at EU level, the Bank is still liable to the following bank levy and contributions: 
Under Law No. 55-A/2010, of 31 December, and Ministerial Order ("Portaria") No. 121/2011, of 30 
March, as amended, a bank levy is applicable to the Bank (EUR 29.4 million in 2020, EUR 32.9 million in 
2021 and 36.5 million in 2022) and will be applied over (a) the Bank's liabilities at a tax rate of 0.11% and 
(b) the notional amount of off-balance sheet financial derivatives, excluding hedging derivatives and back-
to-back derivatives, at a tax rate of 0.0003%.  The taxable base is calculated by reference to an annual 
average of the monthly balances of the qualifying items, as reflected in the relevant year's approved 
accounts. 
The Bank is also liable to periodic special and additional contributions that must be paid to the Portuguese 
Resolution Fund, as stipulated in Decree-Law No. 24/2013 and Law No. 23-A/2015, of 26 March (EUR 
15.0 million in 2020,  EUR 16.8 million in 2021 and EUR 18.5 million in 2022).  The periodic contributions 
are determined by a base rate, established by the Bank of Portugal through regulatory instruments, to be 
applied in each year and which may be adjusted to the credit institution's risk profile based on the objective 
incidence of those contributions, deducted from the liability elements that are part of the core capital and 
supplementary and from the deposits covered by the Deposit Guarantee Fund. 
The Supplementary Budget for 2020 approved in the National Parliament on July 2020 introduced a 
Solidarity Surcharge due by credit institutions and Portuguese branches of credit institutions. The Solidarity 
Surcharge is levied on the same taxable bases of the above bank levy, as follows: 
 
Liabilities are subject to a rate of 0.02%; and 
 
The notional value of off-balance sheet derivative financial instruments is subject to a rate of 
0.00005%. 
A transitional regime in force during years 2020 and 2021 applied. For the Solidarity Surcharge due in 2020 
and 2021, the taxable base was computed with reference to the accounts of the first semester of 2020 and 
the second semester of 2020. The Solidarity Surcharge due and paid in 2020, 2021 and 2022 amounted to 
EUR 5.8 million, EUR 6.2 million and EUR 6.6 million . 
Additionally, on 14 February 2013 the European Commission published its proposal for a Council Directive 
for enhanced co-operation in the form of a financial transaction tax ("FTT"), of which Portugal would be 
a member.  Currently, after the withdrawal of the Republic of Estonia as a Member State wishing to 
participate in the establishment of the enhanced cooperation, 10 countries are participating in the 
negotiations on the proposed directive, discussing the option of an FTT based on the French model of the 
tax, and the possible mutualisation of the revenues among the participating member states as a contribution 
to the EU budget. 
The Spanish FTT entered into force on 16 January 2021. 
At this stage, there can be no assurance that an FTT or similar additional bank taxes and national financial 
transaction taxes will not be adopted, at any moment, by the authorities of the jurisdictions where the Bank 
operates. 
On 22 December 2021, the European Commission published its proposal for a Council Directive “on 
ensuring a global minimum level of taxation for multinational groups in the Union” aimed at implementing 
the OECD Pillar Two Model Rules on a 15% minimum effective tax rate in the EU Member States. The 
Draft Directive follows closely the OECD Model Rules, which set out the rules of the so-called Income 
Inclusion Rule (IIR) and Undertaxed Payment Rule (UTPR). The Draft Directive will need to be 
unanimously approved by all 27 Member States in order to be adopted.

--- Page 29 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
- 14 - 
 
 
At this stage, there can be no assurance on the approval of the Directive or on the timing of its 
implementation into the national systems. 
Any such additional levies and taxes could have a material adverse effect on the Bank's business, financial 
condition, results of operations and prospects. 
The Bank also has ongoing ordinary course disputes with the Tax Authorities and, although it considers the 
provisions it has made regarding these disputes to be adequate to cover the risk of judgements against the 
Bank it is unable to ensure their sufficiency or the outcome of such disputes. 
1.3 
Risks relating to Acquisitions 
The Bank may be the object of an unsolicited acquisition bid. 
In light of the ongoing trend in Europe towards consolidation in the banking sector, and like any listed 
company, the Bank could be the target of an unsolicited acquisition bid. If such an acquisition were to 
occur, there could be changes in its corporate strategy, the main focus of its business, or its operations and 
resources, which could have a material adverse effect on the Bank's business, financial condition or results. 
The Bank or its subsidiaries may engage in mergers and/or acquisitions. 
Although the Bank's strategic plan is focused on organic growth and while it has reinforced its commitment 
to its strategic goals, there is no guarantee that it will not participate in mergers and/or acquisitions in 
Portugal or elsewhere should such opportunities arise. In the event the Bank or any of its subsidiaries 
participates in mergers and/or acquisitions, there could be changes in its corporate strategy, in its 
organisation and structure, its main business focus, its resources, and in its financial condition and results 
of operations. Additionally, if the Bank or its subsidiaries were to engage in such an operation, it is possible 
that the Bank may not be able to extract all the cost and/or revenue synergies, totally or partially, associated 
with such mergers and/or acquisitions. The Bank may also have to bear additional personnel costs resulting 
from any restructurings needed to integrate acquired operations or businesses successfully. Moreover, 
future mergers or acquisitions could result in unexpected losses due to unforeseen liabilities, which could 
have a material adverse effect on the Bank's business, financial condition or results of operations. 
1.4 
Risks relating to the Bank's Business 
The Bank is exposed to risks related to FX-indexed mortgage loans.  
Regarding mortgage loans granted by Bank Millennium S.A. ("Bank Millennium") in Poland in CHF until 
2008, there are risks related to verdicts issued by polish courts in individual lawsuits against banks 
(including Bank Millennium) raised by borrowers of foreign exchange indexed ("FX-indexed") mortgage 
loans, as well as risks related with the possible application of a sector-wide solution, i.e. a solution applied 
to all contracts (Swiss Franc-denominated/indexed mortgage loans) in the Polish financial sector. The 
Polish Financial Supervisory Authority suggested a possible sector-wide solution in December 2020, which 
has, since then, been under consideration by Polish banks. 
On 3 October 2019, the Court of Justice of the European Union ("CJEU") issued a judgment on Case C-
260/18, in connection with the preliminary questions formulated by the District Court of Warsaw in the 
lawsuit against Raiffeisen Bank International AG. The judgment of the CJEU, as well as its interpretation 
of European Union Law, is binding on domestic courts. 
Since then, the trend of court rulings, that had been mostly favourable to banks, begun to reverse. CJEU's 
judgment concerns only the situations where the national court has previously found the contract terms to 
be abusive. It is the exclusive competence of the national courts to assess, in the course of judicial 
proceedings, whether a particular contract term can be identified as abusive in the circumstances of the 
lawsuit. It can be reasonably assumed that the legal issues relating to FX-indexed mortgage loans will be 
further examined by the national courts within the framework of the disputes considered, which could 
possibly result in the emergence of further interpretations relevant for the assessment of the risks associated 
with subject matter proceedings. This circumstance indicates the need for constant analysis of these matters. 
Further requests for clarification and ruling addressed to the CJEU and the Supreme Court of Poland with 
potential impact on the outcome of the court cases were already filed.

--- Page 30 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
- 15 - 
 
 
On 30 September 2022, Bank Millennium had 15,044 loan agreements and additionally 1,178 loan 
agreements from former Euro Bank (84% loans agreements before the Court of first instance and 16% loans 
agreements before the court of second instance) under individual ongoing litigations (excluding claims 
submitted by the bank against clients i.e. debt collection cases) concerning indexation clauses of FX 
mortgage loans submitted to the courts with the total value of claims filed by the plaintiffs amounting to 
PLN 2,449.4 million (EUR 506.17 million) and CHF 183.1 million (EUR 189.98 million) (Bank 
Millennium portfolio: PLN 2,250.1 million (EUR 464.98 million) and CHF 179.2 million (EUR 185.93 
million) and former Euro Bank portfolio: PLN 199.3 million (EUR 41.19 million) and CHF 3.9 million 
(EUR 4.05 million).  
The claims formulated by the clients in individual proceedings primarily concern the declaration of 
invalidity of the contract and payment for reimbursement of allegedly undue performance, due to the 
abusive nature of indexation clauses, or maintenance of the agreement in PLN with interest rate indexed to 
CHF Libor. 
In addition, Bank Millennium is a party to the group proceedings (class action) subject matter of which is 
to determine Bank Millennium's liability towards the group members based on unjust enrichment (undue 
benefit) ground in connection with the foreign currency mortgage loans concluded. It is not a payment 
dispute. The judgment in these proceedings will not directly grant any amounts to the group members. The 
number of credit agreements covered by these proceedings was originally 3,281. On 2 February 2022 the 
court dismissed Bank Millennium's evidentiary motions regarding witnesses, court-appointed experts, 
private expert reports, as well as part of the documents submitted by Bank Millennium, and ordered the 
parties to submit in writing their final positions in the case. On 24 May 2022 the court issued a decision 
changing the composition of the group, thus limiting the number credit agreements involved to 3,273, as 
well as a judgment on the merits, dismissing the claim in full. Both parties requested a written justification 
of the judgment. Upon receiving the written justification, the claimant will be able to appeal the judgment. 
The judgment is not yet final. 
The pushy advertising campaign observed in the public domain affects the number of court disputes. Until 
the end of 2019, 1,982 individual claims were filed against Bank Millennium (in addition, 236 against 
former Euro Bank), in 2020 the number increased by 3,006 (265), in 2021 the number increased by 6,152 
(422), while in the first three quarters of 2022 the number increased by 4,460 (301). 
Based on ZBP (the Polish Banking Association) data gathered from all banks having FX mortgage loans, 
vast majority of disputes were finally resolved in favour of banks until 2019 year. However, after the Court 
of Justice of the European Union (CJEU) judgment issued on 3 October 2019 (Case C-260/18) the 
proportion has adversely changed and vast majority of court cases have been lost by banks. As far as Bank 
Millennium itself is concerned, until 30 September 2022, 813 cases were finally resolved (758 in claims 
submitted by clients against Bank Millennium and 55 in claims submitted by Bank Millennium against 
clients i.e. debt collection cases). 45% of finalised individual lawsuits against Bank Millennium were 
favourable for Bank Millennium including remissions and settlements with plaintiffs. Unfavourable rulings 
(55%) included both invalidation of loan agreements as well as conversions into PLN+LIBOR. Bank 
Millennium files appeals against negative judgements of the courts of first instance as well as submits 
cassation appeals to the Supreme Court against unfavourable for Bank Millennium legally binding verdicts. 
Currently, the statistics of first and second instance court decisions are much more unfavourable and its 
number is also increasing. 
The outstanding gross balance of the loan agreements under individual court cases and class action against 
Bank Millennium on 30 September 2022 was PLN 5,808 million (EUR 1,200.22 million) of which the 
outstanding amount of the loan agreements under the class action proceeding was PLN 1,001 million (EUR 
206.86 million).  
If all Bank Millennium's loan agreements currently under individual and class action court proceedings 
would be declared invalid without proper compensation for the use of capital, the pre-tax cost could reach 
PLN 5,598 million (EUR 1,156.83 million). Overall losses would be higher or lower depending on the final 
court jurisprudence in this regard. 
In the third quarter of 2022, Bank Millennium created PLN 447.4 million provisions (EUR 95.78 million) 
and PLN 50.8 million (EUR 10.88 million) for former Euro Bank originated portfolio. The balance sheet 
value of provisions for the Bank Millennium portfolio at the end of September 2022 was at the level of

--- Page 31 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
- 16 - 
 
 
PLN 4,881 million (EUR 1,008.66 million), and PLN 389 million (EUR 80.39 million) for former Euro 
Bank originated portfolio. 
The methodology developed by Bank Millennium is based on the following main parameters: 
(1)  
the number of current (including class action) and potential future court cases that will appear 
within a specified (three-year) time horizon. 
(2)  
the amount of Bank Millennium's potential loss in the event of a specific court judgment three 
negative judgment scenarios were taken into account: 
 
invalidity of the agreement; 
 
average NBP; and 
 
PLN + LIBOR. 
(3)  
the probability of obtaining a specific court verdict calculated on the basis of statistics of judgments 
of the banking sector in Poland and legal opinions obtained. Variation in the level of provisions or 
concrete losses will depend on the final court decisions about each case and on the number of court 
cases. 
(4)  
in the case of a loan agreement invalidity scenario, a component recognized in the methodology, 
taking legal assessments into consideration, is the calculation of Bank Millennium's loss taking 
into account the assignment of a minimum probability of receiving the settlement of a remuneration 
for the cost of use of capital. 
(5)  
new component recognized in the methodology is the amicable settlement with clients in or out of 
court. Notwithstanding Bank Millennium's determination to continue taking all possible actions to 
protect its interests in courts, Bank Millennium has been open to its customers in order to reach 
amicable solutions on negotiated terms, case by case, providing favourable conditions for 
conversion of loans to PLN and / or early repayment (partial or total). As a result of these 
negotiations the number of active FX mortgage loans was materially reduced in 2021 and in 1st 
half 2022. As Bank Millennium is still conducting efforts to further signing of agreements which 
involved some costs, a scenario of further materialization of negotiations was added. However, it 
should be noted that: 
(a) 
negotiations are conducted on a case-by-case basis and can be stopped at any time by Bank 
Millennium; and 
(b) 
as the effort was material in 2021 and in first half 2022, the probability of success may be 
lower in the future  and at the same time, gradually most of the client base has had contact 
with Bank Millennium regarding potential negotiation of the conversion of the loans to 
PLN, so Bank Millennium is taking a conservative approach when calculating the potential 
future impact for the time being. 
Legal risk from former Euro Bank portfolio is fully covered by Indemnity Agreement with Société 
Générale. Bank Millennium is open to negotiate case by case favourable conditions for early repayment or 
conversion of loans to PLN. As a result of these negotiations the number of active FX mortgage loans 
decreased by 8,450 in 2021 and 6,631 in the first three quarters of 2022 compared to over 47,500 active 
loans at the end of 2021. Cost incurred in conjunctions with these negotiations totalled PLN 364.6 million 
(EUR 75.34 million) in 2021 and PLN 394.8 million (EUR 81.59 million) in the first three quarters of 2022 
and is presented mainly in 'Foreign exchange gains/(losses)' in the income statement. 
Finally, it should also be mentioned, that Bank Millennium, as at 30 September 2022, had to maintain 
additional own funds for the coverage of additional capital requirements related to FX mortgage portfolio 
risks (Pillar II FX buffer) in the amount of 2.82 percentage points (2.79 percentage points at the Group 
level), part of which is allocated to operational/legal risk. 
On 3 October 2019, the Court of Justice of the European Union (the "CJEU") issued the judgment in Case 
C-260/18 in connection with the preliminary questions formulated by the District Court of Warsaw in the 
case against Raiffeisen Bank International AG. The judgment of the CJEU, as regards the interpretation of

--- Page 32 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
- 17 - 
 
 
European Union law made therein, is binding on domestic courts. The judgment in question interpreted 
Article 6 of Directive 93/13. In the light of the subject matter judgment the said provision must be 
interpreted in such a way that (i) the national court may invalidate a credit agreement if the removal of 
unfair terms detected in this agreement would alter the nature of the main subject-matter of the contract; 
(ii) the effects for the consumer's situation resulting from the cancellation of the contract must be assessed 
in the light of the circumstances existing or foreseeable at the time when the dispute arose and the will of 
the consumer is decisive as to whether he wishes to maintain the contract; (iii) Article 6 of the Directive 
precludes the filling-in of gaps in the contract caused by the removal of unfair terms from the contract solely 
on the basis of national legislation of a general nature or established customs; (iv) Article 6 of the Directive 
precludes the maintenance of unfair terms in the contract if the consumer has not consented to the 
maintenance of such terms. It can be noticed the CJEU found doubtful the possibility of a credit agreement 
being performed further in PLN while keeping interest calculated according to LIBOR. 
The CJEU judgment concerns only the situation where the national court has previously found the contract 
term to be abusive. It is the exclusive competence of the national courts to assess, in the course of judicial 
proceedings, whether a particular contract term can be regarded as abusive in the circumstances of the case. 
On 29 April 2021, the CJEU issued the judgement in the case C-19/20 in connection with the preliminary 
questions formulated by the District Court in Gdańsk in the case against of ex-BPH S.A., CJEU said that: 
(i) 
it is for the national court to find that a term in a contract is unfair, even if it has been contractually 
amended by those parties. Such a finding leads to the restoration of the situation that the consumer 
would have been in in the absence of the term found to be unfair, except where the consumer, by 
means of amendment of the unfair term, has waived such restoration by free and informed consent. 
However, it does not follow from Council Directive 93/13 that a finding that the original term is 
unfair would, in principle, lead to annulment of the contract, since the amendment of that term 
made it possible to restore the balance between the obligations and rights of those parties arising 
under the contract and to remove the defect which vitiated it. 
(ii) 
the national court may remove only the unfair element of a term in a contract concluded between 
a seller or supplier and a consumer where the deterrent objective pursued by Council Directive 
93/13 is ensured by national legislative provisions governing the use of that term, provided that 
that element consists of a separate contractual obligation, capable of being subject to an individual 
examination of its unfair nature. At the same time, provisions of the Directive preclude the referring 
court from removing only the unfair element of a term in a contract concluded between a seller or 
supplier and a consumer where such removal would amount to revising the content of that term by 
altering its substance. 
(iii) 
the consequences of a judicial finding that a term if a contract concluded between a seller or 
supplier and a consumer is unfair are covered by national law and the question of continuity of the 
contract should be assessed by the national court of its own motion in accordance with an objective 
approach on the basis of those provisions. 
(iv) 
the national court, finding that a term in a contract concluded between a seller or supplier and a 
consumer is unfair, shall inform the consumer, in the context of the national procedural rules after 
both parties have been heard, of the legal consequences entailed by annulment of the contract, 
irrespective of whether the consumer is represented by a professional representative. 
On 18 November 2021, the Court of Justice of the European Union (CJEU) issued a judgment in case C-
212/20 in connection with questions submitted by the District Court for Warsaw Wola in Warsaw in the 
case against Raiffeisen Bank International AG. The CJEU stated that: 
(i) 
The content of the clause of the loan agreement concluded between the entrepreneur and the 
consumer fixing the purchase and sale price of the foreign currency to which the loan is indexed 
should, on the basis of clear and comprehensible criteria, enable the consumer who is reasonably 
well informed and sufficiently observant and rational to understand how the exchange rate of the 
foreign currency used to calculate the amount of the loan instalments is determined, so that the 
consumer is able to determine himself at any time the exchange rate used by the entrepreneur.

--- Page 33 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
- 18 - 
 
 
(ii) 
A national court which has found that a term of the agreement concluded between an entrepreneur 
and a consumer is unfair cannot interpret that term in order to mitigate its unfairness, even if such 
an interpretation would correspond to the common will of the parties. 
On 10 June 2021, the Court of Justice of the European Union (CJEU) issued an order in case C-198/20 in 
connection with questions submitted by the District Court for Warsaw Wola in Warsaw in the case against 
Santander Bank Polska SA. The CJEU stated that the protection provided for in Council Directive 
93/13/EEC is granted to all consumers, not just those who can be considered to be 'average, reasonably 
well-informed and reasonably observant and circumspect consumers'. 
On 8 September 2022, the Court of Justice of the European Union (CJEU) issued a judgment in joined 
cases C-80/21, C-81/21, C-82/21 in connection with questions submitted by the District Court for Warsaw 
Śródmieście in Warsaw in cases against Deutsche Bank SA and Bank SA. The CJEU stated that: 
(i) 
A national court may find that the parts of a contractual term of the agreement concluded between 
a consumer and an entrepreneur which render it unfair are unfair, if such a deletion would not 
amount to a change in the content of that term that affects its substance, which is for the referring 
court to verify. 
(ii) 
A national court cannot, after annulling an unfair term contained in an agreement concluded 
between a consumer and an entrepreneur which does not render the agreement invalid in its entirety, 
replace that term with a supplementary provision of the national law. 
(iii) 
A national court may not, after having declared invalid an unfair term contained in an agreement 
concluded between a consumer and an entrepreneur which entails the invalidity of that agreement 
in its entirety, replace the contractual term which has been declared invalid either by interpretation 
of the parties' declaration of intent in order to avoid the cancellation of that agreement or by a 
provision of national law of a supplementary nature, even if the consumer has been informed of 
the effects of the invalidity of that agreement, and  accepted them. 
(iv) 
The ten-year limitation period for a consumer's claim seeking reimbursement of sums unduly paid 
to the entrepreneur in performance of an unfair term of a loan agreement does not start to run on 
the date of each performance made by the consumer if the consumer was not able on that date to 
assess on his own the unfairness of the contractual term or if he had not become aware of the unfair 
nature of that term and without taking into account the circumstances that the agreement provided 
for a repayment period – in this case thirty years – well in excess of the ten-year statutory limitation 
period. 
On 7 May 2021, the Supreme Court composed of 7 judges of the Supreme Court, issued a resolution for 
which the meaning of legal principle has been granted, stating that: 
1.  
An abusive contractual clause (art. 3851 § 1 of the Civil Code), by force of the law itself, is 
ineffective to the benefit of the consumer who may consequently give conscious and free consent 
to this clause and thus restore its effectiveness retroactively. 
2.  
If without the ineffective clause the loan agreement cannot bind, the consumer and the lender shall 
be eligible for separate claims for return of monetary performances made in exercising this 
agreement (art. 410 § 1 in relation to art. 405 of the Civil Code). The lender may demand return of 
the performance from the moment the loan agreement becomes permanently ineffective. 
In this context, taking into consideration the recent negative evolution in the court verdicts regarding FX 
mortgage loans, and if such trend continues, Bank Millennium will have to regularly review and may need 
to continue to increase the balance of provisions allocated to court litigations. 
It can reasonably be assumed that the legal issues relating to foreign currency mortgage loans will be further 
examined by the national courts within the framework of disputes considered which would possibly result 
in the emergence of further interpretations, which are relevant for the assessment of the risks associated 
with subject matter proceedings. This circumstance indicates the need for constant analysis of these matters. 
Further request for clarification and ruling addressed to the European Court of Justice and Polish Supreme 
Court have already been filed and may still be filed with potential impact on the outcome of the court cases.

--- Page 34 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
- 19 - 
 
 
The Bank is exposed to the credit risk of its customers. 
The Bank is exposed to its customers' credit risk. Gross exposure to risk of credit (position in original risk) 
on 30 June 2022 was EUR 110.5 billion. 
As at 30 June 2022, the breakdown of this exposure was the following: EUR 24.5 billion for central 
governments or central banks, EUR 1.1 billion for regional administrations or local authorities, EUR 0.4 
billion for administrative entities and non-profit organisations, EUR 0.02 billion for multilateral 
development banks, EUR 2.9 billion for other credit institutions, EUR 71.8 billion for retail and companies 
customers and EUR 9.7 billion for other elements. 
According to Banco de Portugal latest available data, Portugal's NPL coverage by loan loss reserves 
("LLR") was 52.6% in June 2022 and the NPL ratio (loans only) stood at 3.4%. The Bank NPEs (loans 
only) as at 30 September 2022 were EUR 2.4 billion (4.1%) with a coverage by impairments of 66.5% and 
a coverage by impairments, collaterals of 114%. The Bank NPE ratio according to EBA definition stood at 
2.7% as at 30 September 2022, which compares to 3.3% as at 30 September 2021. 
The risk of a worldwide economic slowdown as a result of the adverse effects of the war between Russia 
and Ukraine, namely through the worsening of inflationary pressures, restrictions in production chains and 
the increase in uncertainty and instability in international financial markets  may prove to be a challenge in 
continuing reducing the exposure to problematic loans, at least at the same pace as in previous years, and 
also may create some pressure to increase somewhat the cost of risk in the next 12 to 24 months. 
A general deterioration of the Portuguese economy (and/or of the global economy) and the systemic risk of 
financial systems due to structural imbalances could affect the recovery and value of the Bank's assets and 
require increased credit impairments, which would adversely affect the Bank's financial condition and 
results of operations. This could further increase the Bank's NPL and NPE ratios and impair the Bank's loan 
portfolio and other financial assets. 
The Bank is exposed to further deterioration of asset quality. 
The value of assets collateralising the Bank's secured loans could decline significantly as a result of a 
general decline in market prices or a decline in the value of the asset class underlying the collateral, which 
could result in an increase of the impairment recognised for the collateralised loans granted by the Group. 
In the first nine months of 2022, the Group's commercial activity continued its good performance, albeit at 
a more subdue pace, with further expansion of the volume of the loan portfolio. Finally, a decline in equity 
and debt market prices could also have an impact on the quality of the Bank's collateral linked to financial 
assets leading to a reduction in coverage ratios. 
Although the Portuguese macroeconomic recovery and considering the Bank's older loan exposures to some 
of the more vulnerable sectors in the economy, in September 2022, the Bank continued to increase the level 
of coverage through impairments. 
Regarding exposures classified as NPEs as at 31 March 2018 (stock of NPEs as at 31 March 2018): 
 
For guaranteed NPEs older than 7 years, the NPE recommendation included in the 2019 SREP 
decision indicated 60% coverage by the end of 2021, with a linear adjustment path to full coverage 
by the end of 2025; 
 
For unsecured NPEs older than 2 years, the NPE recommendation included in the 2019 SREP 
decision indicated 70% coverage by the end of 2021, with a linear adjustment path to full coverage 
by the end of 2024. 
Based on the SREP carried out in 2021, the ECB informed BCP of its supervisory recommendations 
regarding NPEs. The objective is to ensure that BCP has sufficient coverage of the stock and flow of NPE 
in the medium term. 
A phased introduction to full application (i.e., 100% coverage) is considered to allow more time to 
resolve/reduce these exposures and to spread the financial burden of provisioning NPEs over time. 
The Bank's consolidated gross loan portfolio, as at 31 December 2021, was EUR 58.6 billion (of which 
EUR 56.5 billion were recorded in the caption "Financial assets at amortised cost – Loans to customers",

--- Page 35 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
- 20 - 
 
 
EUR 2.1 billion were recorded in the caption "Debt securities held associated with credit operations" and 
EUR 0.028 billion were recorded in the caption "Financial assets not held for trading mandatorily at fair 
value through profit or loss - Loans and advances to customers at fair value"). The ratio of NPEs (loans 
only) stood at 4.1% as at 30 September 2022, compared to 4.9% as at 31 September 2021. As at 30 
September 2022, the loan portfolio in Portugal amounted to EUR 41.0 billion. In Portugal, the ratio of NPEs 
stood at 3.7% as at 30 September 2022, compared to 4.8% as at 30 September 2021. 
NPEs in Portugal amounted to EUR 1.5 billion as at 30 September 2022, with EUR 0.4 billion of NPEs 
relating to individuals and EUR 1.1 billion to companies. 29% of NPEs are NPLs more than 90 days. NPE 
coverage as at 30 September 2022 was 131% for Companies (77% by LLRs, 52% by real estate collateral 
and 2% by other collateral) and 100% for Individuals (33% by LLRs, 65% by real estate collateral and 1% 
by other collateral). NPLs more than 90 days' coverage as at 30 September 2022 was 226% for Companies 
(180% by LLRs, 43% by real estate collateral and 2% by other collateral) and 100% for Individuals (50% 
by LLRs, 49% by real estate collateral and 1% by other collateral). Other NPE coverage as at 30 September 
2022 was 105% for Companies (49% by LLRs, 54% by real estate collateral and 3% by other collateral) 
and 100% for Individuals (21% by LLRs, 77% by real estate collateral and 1% by other collateral). 
Loan impairment (net of recoveries) amounted to EUR 241.2 million recorded in the caption "Impairment 
for financial assets at amortised cost – Loans and advances to customers", compared to EUR 348.9 million 
in 2021, recorded in the caption "Impairment for financial assets at amortised cost – Loans and advances 
to customers", EUR 509.9 million as at 31 December 2020, recorded in the caption "Loans impairment", 
and EUR 390.2 million as at 31 December 2019, recorded in the caption "Loans impairment". From 2011 
to 30 September 2022, the Bank made impairment provisions amounting to EUR 9.2 billion. Cost of risk1, 
measured by the proportion of loan impairment annualised charges (net of recoveries) compared to loans 
to customers (gross), stood at 55 basis points in the first nine months of 2022, compared to 60 basis points 
in 2021, compared to 92 basis points in 2020, 72 basis points in 2019 and 92 basis points in 2018. The 
persistence, or deepening, of the current crisis, general market volatility, sluggish economic growth and 
increased unemployment, coupled with inflation or a sharp increase in risk premiums required would lead 
to increased loan impairment costs and, consequently, to the reduction of the Bank's net income. In addition, 
the level of impairment and other reserves may not be sufficient to cover possible future impairment losses, 
and it may be necessary to create additional provisions of significant amounts. Any failure in risk 
management or control policies relating to credit risk could adversely affect the Bank's business, financial 
condition, results of operations and prospects. 
In Poland, the NPL ratio as at 30 September 2022 was 2.2%, a decrease when compared to 2.5% as at 30 
September 2021. 
In Mozambique, the NPL ratio as at 30 September 2022 was 9.7%, a decrease when compared to 11.1% as 
at 30 September 2021. 
Credit risk and deterioration of asset quality not only are mutually reinforcing, but also assume an important 
role in the current economic environment characterised by the adverse effects of the war between Russia 
and Ukraine, namely through the worsening of inflationary pressures and restrictions in production chains 
and the increase in uncertainty. If there is any reduction in the value of assets securing loans that have been 
granted or if the value of assets is not sufficient to cover the exposure to derivative instruments, the Bank 
would be exposed to an even higher credit risk of non-collection in the case of non-performance, which, in 
turn, may affect the Bank's ability to comply with its payment obligations. The Bank cannot guarantee that 
it would be able to realise adequate proceeds from disposals of collateral to cover loan losses, or that in the 
fiscal year 2021 and/or in future reporting periods, it will not raise impairment charges from recent levels. 
Deterioration in the credit risk exposure of the Bank may have a material and adverse effect on the Bank's 
business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
The Bank is vulnerable to fluctuations in interest rates, which may negatively affect net interest income 
and lead to net loss and other adverse consequences. 
As from the end of November 2022, the interest applied by the ECB to the main refinancing operations is 
2%, while the one that applies to permanent deposit facilities is 1.5%. These two interest rates serve as 
determinant references for the level at which market interest rates are established (in particular, EURIBOR). 
 
1 
As used in this Base Prospectus, "Cost of risk" means the ratio of impairment charges (net of recoveries) accounted to customer 
loans (gross).

--- Page 36 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
- 21 - 
 
 
The Bank's profitability depends largely on its ability to generate a net interest income (the difference 
between the interest rates received in credit operations and the interest rates paid to deposits). 
A significant part of the Bank's funding comes from retail deposits. In a positive and increasing interest rate 
environment, the Bank has to increase the remuneration rate of such deposits following the increase of the 
interest rate applicable to credit operations. 
Interest rates are highly sensitive to many factors beyond the Bank's control, including policy changes of 
the monetary authorities and other national and international political constraints. Changes in market 
interest rates could affect the interest rates the Bank charges on interest-earning assets differently from 
those it pays on interest-bearing liabilities. These differences could impact the Bank's net interest income. 
An increase of interest rates in the Eurozone, as result of a non-transitory surge in inflation, could increase 
the costs associated with debt repayment in Portugal and aggravate the financial conditions of the country 
in general, namely if the interest rate increase is not adequate for the particular macroeconomic conditions 
of the Portuguese economy. An increase in interest rates could reduce demand for loans and the Bank's 
capacity to grant loans to customers, contribute to increased loan default and/or increased interest expense 
with deposits. This could result in material adverse effects on the Bank's business, financial condition, 
results of operations and prospects. 
Interest rate changes or volatility may materially and adversely affect the Bank's net income, business, 
financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
The Bank is exposed to concentration risk, including concentration risk in its credit exposure. 
The Bank is exposed to the credit risk of its customers, including risks arising from the high concentration 
of individual or economic group exposures in its loan portfolio. The Group's 20 largest performing 
exposures (non-NPE), as at 30 September 2022, in terms of Exposure at Default and using the concept of 
"Groups of Clients/Corporate Groups", excluding the risk classes of "Banks and Sovereigns" stood at 6.3% 
which compares to 6.1% as at 31 December 2021. 
The Bank also has high sectoral concentration in its loan book. As at 30 September 2022, the Bank's credit 
exposure to the real estate and civil construction sectors was 3.4% (real estate activities) and 2.8% 
(construction companies) of the total loan portfolio at the amortized cost (gross). On that date, 48% of the 
loan portfolio consisted of mortgage loans, the exposure to retail and wholesale commerce was 7.2% and 
the exposure to service sector companies was 14.9%. 
The Bank also has high sectoral concentration in its loan book. As at 31 December 2021, the Bank's credit 
exposure to the real estate and civil construction sectors was 3.3% (real estate activities) and 3.0% 
(construction companies) of the total loan portfolio at the amortized cost (gross). On that date, 48.3% of 
the loan portfolio consisted of mortgage loans, the exposure to retail and wholesale commerce was 7.3% 
and the exposure to service sector companies was 14.3%. 
As at 31 December 2020, the Bank's credit exposure to the real estate and civil construction sectors was 
3.4% (real estate activities) and 3.2% (construction companies) of the total loan portfolio at the amortized 
cost (gross). On that date, 47.5% of the loan portfolio consisted of mortgage loans, the exposure to retail 
and commerce was 7.2% and the exposure to service sector companies was 14.8%. 
Concentration is common for most of the main Portuguese banks, given the small size of the Portuguese 
market, and has been noted by the rating agencies as a fundamental challenge facing the Portuguese banking 
system. Rating agencies have been particularly critical of the Bank's exposure to larger customers and, 
especially, exposure to its shareholders. Although the Bank carries out its business based on strict risk 
control policies, in particular with respect to credit risk, and seeks to increase the diversification of its loan 
portfolio, it is not possible to guarantee that the exposure to these groups will not be increased or that 
exposure will fall in the future. If exposure increases in the future, it could have a material adverse effect 
on the Bank's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
The Bank is exposed to a contraction of the real estate market. 
The Bank is highly exposed to the Portuguese real estate market by means of the credit granted to 
construction companies, real estate activities, and mortgage loans, which represented 2.8%, 3.4% and 48% 
of the consolidated loan portfolio at the amortized cost, respectively, as at 30 September 2022 in assets

--- Page 37 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
- 22 - 
 
 
related to its operations or obtained in lieu of payment, and indirectly through properties securing loans or 
through funding of real estate development projects (assets received in lieu of payment in Portugal 
represented 0.4% of total assets of the Bank as at 30 September 2022), and through the exposure to closed-
ended real estate funds and to the pension fund and real estate properties in the Bank's balance sheet. 
Assets held on the Bank's balance sheet received in lieu of payment (real estate assets only) decreased from 
EUR 804 million as at 31 December 2020 to 565 million as at 31 December 2021 to 335 million as at 30 
September 2022 (impairments of EUR 140 million as at 31 December 2020, 116 million as at 31 December 
2021 and 69 million as at 30 September 2022). The coverage of assets received in lieu of payment stood at 
17.4% as at 31 December 2020, 20.5% as at 31 December 2021 and 20.6% as at 30 September 2022. On 
the first nine months of 2022, the Bank sold 1,149 properties, from its stock of properties for EUR 211 
million, above its book value of EUR 182 million. 
The exposure to closed-end investment funds, whose units were received following operations where 
properties were recovered in lieu of payment and that, in accordance with IAS/IFRS, were subject to 
consolidation, represented EUR 228 million as at 30 September 2022 (EUR 279 million as at 31 December 
2021). The item Investment Properties includes the amount EUR 2.9 million as at 30 September 2022 and 
EUR 2.9 million as at 30 September 2021, concerning properties held by Fundo de Investimento Imobiliário 
Imosotto Acumulação, by Fundo de Investimento Imobiliário Imorenda and by Fundo de Investimento 
Imobiliário Fechado Fundipar. 
The Bank also performed a set of transactions involving the sale of financial assets for funds specialising 
in the recovery of loans, including Fundo Recuperação Turismo FCR, Fundo Reestruturação Empresarial 
FCR, FLIT, Fundo Recuperação FCR, Fundo Aquarius FCR, Discovery Real Estate Fund and Fundo Vega 
FCR. 
The item Properties, which includes the real estate booked in the pension fund's financial statements and 
used by Group companies, in the pension fund amounted to EUR 239 million recorded as at 30 June 2022, 
and EUR 240 million as at 31 December 2021. 
Accordingly, the Bank is vulnerable to a contraction in the real estate market. A significant devaluation of 
prices in the Portuguese real estate market would lead to impairment losses in the assets directly held and 
to an increased exposure to counterparty risk for loans guaranteed by real estate collateral and in pension 
fund assets retained by the Bank, adversely affecting the Bank's business, financial condition and results of 
operations. Mortgage loans represented 48% of the total loan portfolio as at 30 September 2022) (48.3% as 
at 31 December 2021), with a low delinquency level and an average loan-to-value ratio of 60%. Although 
Portugal did not face a housing bubble during the recent financial crisis as did other European countries, 
such as Ireland and Spain, the economic and financial crisis still had an impact on the real estate market. 
Portuguese banks are granting a low amount of new mortgage loans with very low spreads, and real estate 
developers have encountered a difficult market for sales. Moreover, there was a reduction in public works 
activity that severely affected construction companies, which had to redirect their activities to foreign 
markets. Furthermore, difficult credit conditions associated with the contraction of tourism have affected 
certain real estate developers that had been involved with tourism related projects, in particular in the 
southern part of Portugal. All of the aforementioned effects have increased delinquency among construction 
companies and real estate developers, impacting the Bank's NPEs (loans only) and contributing to the 
increase in impairment charges. 
A significant devaluation of prices in the Portuguese real estate market may lead to an increase in 
impairment losses in the assets held directly and in the participating units of the restructuring funds, and 
increased exposure in counterparty risk for loans guaranteed by real estate collateral and in pension fund 
assets retained by the Bank. Any of the foregoing could have a materially adverse effect on the Bank's 
business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
The Bank holds units issued by specialised credit recovery closed-end funds that are subject to potential 
depreciation, for which reimbursement may not be requested and for which there is no regularly 
functioning and liquid secondary market. 
The Bank performed a set of transactions comprising the sale of financial assets (namely loans to corporate 
customers) to funds specialising in loan recovery. These funds currently manage such corporate debtors 
and/or the assets received as collateral for the credit exposures with the objective of maximising their value 
through the implementation of turn-around business plans and their eventual sale to industry players or

--- Page 38 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
- 23 - 
 
 
other investors. The credit exposures sold through these transactions were removed from the Bank's balance 
sheet, as the transactions result in the transfer of a substantial portion of the risks and benefits associated 
with the assets to the funds, in addition to control exercised over such assets. 
The funds specialised in credit recovery that purchased the financial assets from the Group are closed-end 
funds, wherein the participants have no ability to request the reimbursement of their investment throughout 
the contractual life of the fund. Furthermore, given their intrinsic characteristics and those of the underlying 
assets, there is no regularly functioning and liquid secondary market operating for the participation units 
themselves. 
These participation units are held by several banks, which were the sellers of the loans, in proportions that 
vary through the tenor of the funds, though subject to the constraint that no bank may hold more than 50% 
of the capital of each fund. 
Currently, a sale process for some of these funds and the corresponding fund management entity is under 
way. There is still no certainty as to the outcome of such process or the achievable sale price, but a discount 
over the assets' current net book value may be required, which would imply capital losses for the Bank. 
However, the Bank has booked provisions in the line item of Other Provisions for these potential sales, 
namely to address what management currently deems to be the potential negative impacts on the Bank's 
financial statements of the sale of the participation units. 
The Bank's current exposure to funds specialised in the recovery of loans, recorded in the caption "Financial 
assets not held for trading – mandatorily at fair value through profit or loss", was EUR 793 million as at 30 
September 2022 (gross of the above-mentioned provisions). For further details on this topic, please also see 
"The Bank is exposed to market risk, which could result in the devaluation of investment holdings or affect 
its trading results." 
A possible deterioration in the prospects for recovery of the loans transferred to specialised closed-end 
funds may result in the devaluation of the net assets attributable to unit holders ("NAV") of the held 
participation units and may lead to the recognition of additional impairments. 
As a consequence of the negative impacts of COVID-19, especially considering the higher impact of the 
pandemic in economic sectors such as tourism and real estate (two of the most represented sectors in the 
loans transferred to these funds), there is the risk of depreciation of the NAV of the participation units held 
by the Bank, as well as a delay and a deterioration in the terms of the potential sale of the participation 
units. This could have a material adverse effect on the Bank's business, financial condition, results of 
operations and prospects. 
The Bank is exposed to counterparty risk, including credit risk of its counterparties. 
The Bank routinely transacts with counterparties in the financial services industry, including brokers and 
dealers, commercial banks, investment banks, mutual and hedge funds and other institutional clients. 
Sovereign credit pressures may weigh on Portuguese financial institutions, limiting their funding options 
and weakening their capital adequacy by reducing the market value of their sovereign and other fixed 
income holdings. These liquidity concerns have adversely impacted, and may continue to adversely impact, 
interim institutional financial transactions in general. Concerns about, or a default by, one financial 
institution could lead to significant liquidity problems and losses or defaults by other financial institutions, 
as the commercial and financial soundness of many financial institutions may be closely related as a result 
of credit, trading, clearing and other relationships. Many of the routine transactions the Bank enters into 
expose it to significant credit risk in the event of default by one of its significant counterparties. Even the 
perceived lack of creditworthiness of, or questions about, a counterparty may lead to market-side liquidity 
pressures or losses or ultimately to an inability of the Bank to repay its debt. In addition, the Bank's credit 
risk may be exacerbated when the collateral it holds cannot be enforced upon or is liquidated at prices not 
sufficient to recover the full amount of the loan or derivative exposure. A default by a significant financial 
and credit counterparty, or liquidity problems in the financial services industry in general, could have a 
material adverse effect on the Bank's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
Exposure to credit risk may also derive from the collaterals of loans, interbank operations, clearing and 
settlement and trading activities as well as other activities and relationships. These relationships include 
those with retail customers, brokers and dealers, other commercial banks, investment banks and corporate

--- Page 39 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
- 24 - 
 
 
borrowers. Most of these relationships expose the Bank to credit risk in the event of default by the 
counterparty or customer. 
Adverse changes in the credit quality of customers and counterparties of the Bank, a generalised 
deterioration of the Portuguese or global economies or the systemic risk of financial systems due primarily 
to structural imbalance could affect the recovery and value of the Bank's assets and require increased 
impairments, which would adversely affect the Bank's business, financial condition, results of operations 
and prospects. 
As the Bank expands its business activities, penetrates new market segments and adopts or acquires, directly 
or through subsidiaries, new business models, such as consumer lending to new-to-bank customers, or 
franchisee-owned branch networks, it may acquire customers with lower credit quality, which, if such new 
pursuits were to grow and acquire a significant weight in the business portfolio, could adversely affect the 
Bank's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
The Bank sells capitalisation insurance products with guaranteed principal and unit linked products, 
exposing the Bank to reputational risk in its role as seller, and financial risk indirectly arising from the 
Group's shareholding in Millenniumbcp Ageas. 
Off-balance sheet customer funds, as at 31 December 2021 totalled EUR 15.9 billion, consisting of assets 
under management (EUR 5.1 billion), assets placed with customers (EUR 5.2 billion) and insurance 
products (EUR 5.6 billion), including unit linked products (EUR 1.1 billion) and capitalisation insurance 
(EUR 4.3 billion), with only the latter being able to ensure capital or a minimum income. 
All financial insurances are predominantly placed with retail investors, those being in their majority issued 
and accounted by Millenniumbcp Ageas (in which the Bank has a 49% shareholding) and registered by the 
equity method. Therefore, adverse changes in the underlying assets, a general deterioration of the global 
economy, or the systemic risk of financial systems due to structural imbalances may affect the recovery 
and value of such assets, entailing reputational risks for the Bank as a seller of these products as well as 
financial risks indirectly arising out of the shareholding held by the Group in Millenniumbcp Ageas. Any 
of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on the Bank's business, financial condition, results of 
operations and prospects. 
The Bank is exposed to the risk of interest rate repricing of credit granted to customers. 
Mortgage loans represented 48% of BCP's total loan portfolio at the amortized cost (consolidated) as at 30 
September 2022. The average spread of the mortgage loans portfolio in Portugal stood at 1.27%; 47.1% of 
the balance of mortgage loans had spreads under 1%. As at 30 September 2022, 54% of the contracts and 
34% of the balance of the mortgage loans portfolio in Portugal were indexed to EURIBOR 3 months, and 
28% of the contracts and 44% of the balance of the portfolio were indexed to EURIBOR 12 months. 
The Bank, along with other banks in Portugal, limited the granting of new mortgage loans. During the year 
to 30 September 2022, 14,783 new mortgage credit operations were contracted with an average spread of 
1.03%, compared to 15,011 new mortgage credit operations contracted year-on-year with an average spread 
of 1.08% in 2021. The Bank cannot unilaterally change the contractual terms of the loans that make up its 
portfolio of mortgage loans and it has proven extremely difficult to negotiate the extension of the maturity 
of these contracts. The resulting limitation of this contractual rigidity has a significant impact on net interest 
income. In addition, given the current low demand for credit by companies, the Bank may also experience 
difficulties in changing the mix of its loan portfolio which would make it difficult to offset the impact of 
reduced spreads on mortgages in the average spread of the loan portfolio. 
After a period in which banks implemented policies of interest rate repricing on loans, mainly directed at 
loans to companies, a reduction of corporate and consumer loans spreads may be observed in the future, 
given the weak credit dynamics in the Portuguese corporate sector and the increasing competition in the 
banking sector. This could have a material adverse effect on the Bank's business, financial condition, results 
of operations and prospects. Furthermore, a continuation of the historically low interest rate environment 
may adversely affect the Bank's net interest income, which in turn would likely have an adverse effect on 
the Bank's profitability.

--- Page 40 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
- 25 - 
 
 
Financial problems faced by the Bank's customers could adversely affect the Bank. 
A scenario of increase in inflation followed by deceleration of GDP, particularly in Portugal and in other 
European countries, could have an adverse effect on the liquidity, the activity and/or the financial conditions 
of the Bank's customers, which could in turn further impair the Bank's loan portfolio. 
The Bank's customers' levels of savings and credit demand are dependent on consumer confidence, 
employment trends, the state of the economies in countries where the Bank operates, and the availability 
and cost of funding. In addition, customers may further significantly decrease their risk tolerance to non-
deposit based investments such as stocks, bonds and mutual funds. This would adversely affect the Bank's 
fee and commission income. Any of the conditions described above could have a material adverse effect 
on the Bank's business, financial condition, results of operations or prospects. 
The Bank faces strong competition in its main areas of activity, notably in the retail business. 
The Portuguese banking market is well developed, containing major national and foreign competitors which 
follow multi-product, multi-channel and multi-segment approaches and are, in general, highly 
sophisticated. Over recent years, there have been significant developments of banking operations through 
the internet and the use of new technology that have enabled banks to assess the needs of their customers 
with greater accuracy and efficiency. These factors have contributed to an increase in competition in the 
Portuguese banking sector, with recent entrants such as Bankinter and Banco CTT who may adopt 
aggressive commercial practices in order to gain market share. The sale process of Novo Banco could add 
to increased competition as the bank was acquired by an institution with no prior presence in the Portuguese 
banking system. Furthermore, many Portuguese banks are dedicated to increasing their market shares by 
launching new products, implementing cross-selling strategies and engaging in more aggressive 
commercial strategies. Additional integration of European financial markets may contribute to increased 
competition, particularly in the areas of asset management, investment banking, and online banking and 
brokerage services. 
In September 2022, the Bank had 2.6 million active customers in Portugal and, the market share in Portugal 
(estimates based on figures disclosed by Banco de Portugal and other banking industry associations for 
aggregates of the financial system and with adjustments for statistical standardisation) was the following in 
June 2022: 17.5% in loans to customers, 15.6% in loans to individuals, 17.1% in mortgage loans, 9.2% in 
consumer credit, 20.0% in customer funds, 18.6% in on-balance sheet customer funds, 18.6% in deposits 
and 22.9% in off-balance sheet customer funds. 
The Bank's financial success depends on its capacity to maintain high levels of loyalty among its customer 
base and to offer a wide range of competitive and high-quality products and services to its customers. 
However, high levels of competition in Portugal, as well as in other countries where the Bank operates and 
an increased emphasis on cost reduction may result in the Bank's inability to maintain these objectives. In 
addition, on 31 December 2021 the Bank operated 434 branches, working towards its goal of becoming a 
more digital bank. This resulted in the downsizing of the Bank's branch network and consequently in BCP's 
branches' market share in Portugal. This may result in a weaker competitive position in the Portuguese retail 
market. As a consequence, this could have a material adverse effect on the Bank's business, financial 
condition, results of operations and prospects. 
Moreover, as at 30 September 2022, around 3.9% of the Bank's total domestic customers also held ordinary 
shares of the Bank (around 4.2% as at 31 December 2021). If the price of the Bank's ordinary shares 
continues to decline, this could lead to shareholder dissatisfaction and, to the extent that such shareholders 
are also customers of the Bank, this could result in broader customer dissatisfaction, any of which could 
have a material adverse effect on the Bank's business, financial condition, results of operations and 
prospects. 
There is no assurance that the Bank will be able to compete effectively, or that it will be able to maintain 
or improve its operational results. Such inability to compete or maintain results could also lead to a 
reduction in net interest income, fees and other income of the Bank, any of which could have a further 
significant material adverse effect on the Bank's business, financial condition, results of operations and 
prospects.

--- Page 41 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
- 26 - 
 
 
The Bank may generate lower revenues from commissions and fee-based businesses. 
In the first nine months of 2022, more than 86% of the fees and commissions were related to banking (28% 
to cards and transfers, 19% to loans and guarantees, 17% to bancassurance and others, 22% to customer 
account related fees), with market related fees and commissions accounting for the remaining. A decrease 
in the volume of lending transactions that the Bank executes with its customers could result in lower 
commissions derived from banking operations and guarantees. Moreover, changes to market sentiment 
could lead to market downturns that are likely to impact transactional volume, therefore leading to declines 
in the Bank's fees. In addition, as the fees that the Bank charges for managing its' clients' portfolios are, in 
many cases, based on the value or performance of those portfolios, a market downturn that reduces the 
value of the Bank's clients' portfolios or increases the amount of withdrawals would reduce the revenue the 
Bank receives from its asset management, private banking and custody services. Revenue derived from the 
Bank's asset management business could also be impacted by below market performance by the Bank's 
securities investment funds, which could lead to increased withdrawals and reduced inflows. An increase 
in withdrawals and a reduction in inflows could have a significant material adverse effect on the Bank's 
business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
Downgrades in the Bank's credit rating could increase the cost of borrowing funds and make the Bank's 
ability to raise new funds or renew maturing debt more difficult. 
The Bank's ratings are assigned by Moody's Investors Service España, S.A., S&P Global Ratings Europe 
Limited, Fitch Ratings Limited and any entity that is part of DBRS group and any successor to the relevant 
rating agency. The ratings as of the date of this Base Prospectus are the following: (a) Moody's: "Baa3 
(long-term)/P-2 (short-term)" (re-presented as at 22 July 2022), (b) S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited: 
"BB+ (long-term)/B (short-term)" (re-presented as at 16 September 2022), (c) Fitch Ratings Limited: "BB 
(long-term)/B (short-term)" (re-presented as at 20 October 2022) and (d) the relevant DBRS entity: 
"BBB(low) (long-term)/R-2 (middle) (short-term)" (re-presented as at 30 May 2022). 
Credit ratings represent an important component of the Bank's liquidity profile and affect the cost and other 
terms upon which the Bank is able to obtain funding. Changes to the Bank's credit ratings reflect, apart 
from changes to the rating of the Portuguese Republic, a series of factors intrinsic to the Bank. Currently, 
the senior debt ratings assigned to the Bank, with the exception of ratings assigned by DBRS and Moody's, 
are non-investment grade. 
The progress achieved in recent years in improving the asset quality of BCP - through the reduction of NPE 
-, as well as the reinforcement of capital and liquidity, has had a favourable impact on the performance of 
the Bank despite the challenging context. However, these are still high values of problematic assets in BCP's 
balance sheet, remaining, alongside profitability and capitalization levels, one of the main concerns of 
rating agencies. 
In 2022, some rating agencies took rating actions on BCP: 
 
On 14 June 2022, Moody's upgraded senior unsecured debt ratings from Ba1/NP to Baa3/P-2. 
 
On 16 September 2022, S&P upgraded senior unsecured debt ratings from BB/B to BB+/B. This 
rating action was prompt by the upgrade of Portugal's public debt rating from BBB/A-2 to 
BBB+/A-2 on 9 September 2022. 
 
On 29 September 2022, Fitch revised the Outlook to Positive and affirmed senior unsecured debt 
ratings at BB. These actions by the rating agencies reflect the persistence of some risks, such as 
the legal risk associated with the loan portfolio denominated in CHF in Poland, the continuing 
high stock of NPEs albeit decreasing (some uncertainty regarding the evolution of the defaults) 
and the moderate levels, in relative terms, of capitalization levels. 
Any downgrade in the Bank's ratings may contribute to the erosion of the collateral eligible for funding by 
the ECB, as well as more restrictive access to funding and increased funding costs. Under such 
circumstances, the Bank may need to reinitiate its deleveraging process and reduce its activities, which 
could have a negative impact on the Bank's ratings. Any of the foregoing could have a material adverse 
effect on its business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.

--- Page 42 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
- 27 - 
 
 
The Portuguese Republic is regularly subject to rating reviews by the rating agencies, which could affect 
the funding of the economy and the Bank's activity. 
The rating agencies S&P, Moody's, Fitch Ratings and DBRS have downgraded the long and short-term 
ratings of the Portuguese Republic on several occasions since the beginning of the financial crisis due to 
the uncertainties and risks of a prolonged recession, the outlook for modest GDP growth, high levels of 
unemployment, limited fiscal flexibility, the high leverage of the private sector and the level of 
sustainability of Portuguese public debt. The long term ratings of the Portuguese Republic as at the date of 
this Base Prospectus are as follows: Moody's (Baa2/Stable), S&P (BBB+/Stable), Fitch Ratings 
(BBB+/Stable) and DBRS (A(low)/Stable). 
Portuguese Republic credit ratings represent an important component condition to the Bank's own credit 
ratings given the connection between the rating of the sovereign and the rating of banking institutions in 
the rating agencies methodologies. 
Any downgrade in the Portuguese Republic's ratings may contribute to the erosion of the collateral eligible 
for funding by the ECB, as well as more restrictive access to funding and increased funding costs, would 
worsen the economy's funding conditions and would have a negative effect on the Bank's credit risk and 
consequently on its business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
The Bank faces exposure to risks in its businesses in Europe (Poland) and Africa (Angola and 
Mozambique). 
The Bank faces exposure to risks in its operations in Poland and Mozambique, as well as a result of its 
equity accounted holding in Angola via Banco Millennium Angola, S.A. ("BMA"), whose materialisation 
in the future may have an adverse impact on the business, financial condition, results of operations and 
prospects of the Bank. 
In the first nine months of 2022, the Bank's net profit (after income taxes and non-controlling interests) 
attributable to international operations was EUR -209.4 million, compared to net profits (after income taxes 
and non-controlling interests) of a total EUR 97.2 million for the Bank as a whole. For the same period, net 
income in Poland was EUR -270.5 million, (EUR -135.5 million of which was attributable to the Bank) and 
net income in Mozambique was EUR 69.9 million, excluding discontinued operations (of which EUR 46.6 
million was attributable to the Bank). 
Poland 
There is the risk that the implementation of more economic policy decisions, namely on the tax front, 
targeting the banking system by Polish authorities could negatively affect investors' confidence and the 
economic activity and, consequently, negatively impact the profitability of the Polish banking sector. 
The removal of the peg of the EUR/CHF parity led to a significant appreciation of the Swiss franc ("CHF") 
against the euro and the zloty. The granting of loans in Swiss francs was a common practice of most Polish 
banks (and in other economies of Central and Eastern Europe) in the past. Bank Millennium granted 
mortgage loans in Swiss Francs until December 2008 and its Swiss francs mortgage loans portfolio on 30 
September 2022 stood at approximately EUR 2.4 billion (approximately 9.4% of the total loan portfolio in 
Poland, gross after legal risk provisions,). The mortgage loans impaired ratio (stage 3)2 stood at 3.8% in 
September 2022 which compares to 2.2% in 2021. 
According to the Polish Bank Association (ZBP), data gathered from all banking institutions that granted 
FX-indexed mortgage loans show that until 2019 the vast majority of lawsuits obtained a final decision in 
favour of creditor banks. However, after the CJEU decision was issued on 3 October 2019, regarding Case 
C-260/18, this trend has changed and most of those lawsuits have been decided against creditor banks, 
particularly at first instance proceedings. 
As far as Bank Millennium is concerned, until 30 September 2022, 813 cases were finally decided (758 
regarding claims submitted by clients against Bank Millennium and 55 regarding claims submitted by Bank 
Millennium against clients i.e. debt collection cases). 45% of the finalised individual lawsuits against Bank 
Millennium were decided in favour of Bank Millennium including remissions and settlements with 
 
2 
As used in this Base Prospectus, "Mortgage loans impaired ratio (stage 3)" means the ratio of mortgage loans classified as 
stage 3 (impaired loans) divided by total mortgage loans.

--- Page 43 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
- 28 - 
 
 
plaintiffs. Unfavourable rulings (which account for 55% of all final decisions) included both the 
invalidation of loan agreements and the conversions into PLN+LIBOR. Bank Millennium appeals the 
unfavourable decisions of the courts of first instance as well as submits cassation appeals to the Supreme 
Court against legally binding decision that are unfavourable to Bank Millennium. There have been more 
unfavourable decisions in both the trial courts and the appeal courts decisions and the number of 
unfavourable rulings is also increasing. 
Emerging Markets 
Angola and Mozambique present specific political, economic, fiscal, legal, regulatory and social risks that 
differ from those found in countries with European economic and political systems, including, but not 
limited to, those related to political and social environments, different business practices, logistical 
challenges, shortages of skilled labour, trade restrictions, macroeconomic imbalances and security 
challenges, which may negatively affect the Bank's business, financial condition, results of operations and 
prospects. 
The Group's operations are currently exposed in particular to the political and economic conditions of 
Angola and Mozambique. These conditions also relate to the fact that structural improvements are still 
needed in many sectors in these markets, including transportation, energy, agriculture and mineral sectors, 
as well as land, social and fiscal reforms. Some of these markets may also suffer from geopolitical conflict, 
while a number of African states have unresolved political differences internally, regionally and/or 
internationally. 
The Bank's operations in Mozambique and Angola markets may involve protracted negotiations with host 
governments, companies or other local entities and may be subject to instability arising from political, 
economic, military or legal disturbances. Both Mozambique and Angola impose certain restrictions due 
primarily to exchange policy controls and capital flows to and from other jurisdictions are likewise subject 
to such controls and restrictions. Therefore, the ability to transfer U.S. dollars and euro directly from local 
banks, including the repatriation of profits, is subject to official vetting. Transfers above a threshold amount 
may require government approval, which may not be obtained or may be subject to delays. 
Any reduction in profits or increase in the responsibilities associated with the Bank's international 
operations may have a material adverse effect on the business, financial condition, results of operations and 
prospects of the Bank. 
Mozambique 
According to an International Monetary Fund ("IMF") statement dated 23 April 2016, existing debt 
guaranteed by the State of Mozambique in an amount over USD 1 billion that had not been disclosed to the 
IMF. Following this disclosure, the economic program supported by the IMF was suspended. According to 
an IMF statement dated 13 December 2016, discussions were initiated on a possible new agreement with 
the Government of Mozambique and the terms of reference for an external audit were agreed. 
In June 2017, the Attorney General's Office of the Republic of Mozambique published an Executive 
Summary regarding the above-mentioned external audit. On 24 June 2017, the IMF released in a statement 
that due to the existence of information gaps in this audit, an IMF mission would visit the country to discuss 
audit results and possible follow-up measures. Following this visit, the IMF requested the Government of 
Mozambique to obtain additional information on the use of the funds. 
On 14 December 2017, in a statement from the IMF staff, after the end of the mission held between 30 
November and 13 December 2017, it was reiterated the need for the Mozambican State to provide missing 
information. In the statement of the Mozambican Attorney General's Office dated 29 January 2018, it is 
mentioned, among other things, that the Public Prosecutor submitted to the Administrative Court, on 26 
January 2018, a complaint regarding the financial responsibility of public managers and companies 
participated by the State, participants in the execution and management of contracts for financing, supplying 
and providing services related to debts not disclosed to the IMF. 
In the statements dated of 16 January 2017 and 17 July 2017, the Ministry of Economy and Finance of 
Mozambique informed the holders of bonds issued by the Republic of Mozambique specifically 
"US$726.524 million, 10.5%, repayable securities in 2023" that the interest payment due on 18 January 
2017 and 18 July 2017, would not be paid by the Republic of Mozambique. In November 2018, the Ministry

--- Page 44 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
- 29 - 
 
 
of Economy and Finance of the Republic of Mozambique announced that it has reached an agreement in 
principle on the key commercial terms of a proposed restructuring transaction related to this debt securities 
with four members of the Global Group of Mozambique bondholders. The bondholders currently own or 
control approximately 60% of the outstanding bonds. The agreement in principle reached by the parties, 
and the support of the bondholders for the proposed restructuring, is conditional on the parties reaching an 
agreement on mutually satisfactory documentation setting out the detailed terms of the restructuring 
including implementation, and the mentioned Ministry obtaining all necessary approvals, including 
Parliamentary and government approvals of Mozambique. 
On 6 September 2019, the Ministry of Economy and Finance of the Republic of Mozambique announced 
the approval by 99.95% of the bondholders of a written decision containing the terms and conditions of the 
restructuring proposal. The Group has no exposure to this debt. 
In May 2020, the Constitutional Council of the Republic of Mozambique issued a Judgment, declaring the 
nullity of the acts related with the loans contracted by Proindicus, SA ("Proindicus") and Mozambique 
Asset Management, MAM, SA ("MAM"), and the respective sovereign guarantees granted by the 
Government in 2013 and 2014, respectively, and on 19 October 2020, the dissolution of the two companies 
was registered based on an order issued by the Judicial Court of the City of Maputo. 
In the context of the liquidation of Proindicus and MAM, creditors of those companies we notified (via an 
announcement, on 3 May 2022, Jornal de Notícias de Moçambique) to submit, within thirty days counted 
from the said publication, the supporting documents of their credits. Following the publication of the said 
announcement, BIM and BCP submitted, on 1 June 2022, their credit claims on Proindicus and MAM, 
respectively. 
An action brought on 27 February 2019 and amended on 30 April 2020, by the Republic of Mozambique 
(represented by the Attorney General of the Republic) against the arranger and originating lender of the 
loan to Proindicus and other entities, by which the Republic of Mozambique requests, inter alia, the 
declaration of nullity of the sovereign guarantee of the Mozambican State to the Proindicus loan. Following 
this lawsuit, on 27 April 2020, the Banco Internacional de Moçambique ("BIM") filed a lawsuit, in the 
London Commercial Court, against the arranger and lender of the loan to Proindicus, claiming, inter alia, 
payment of BIM's exposure to the Proindicus, in the event that the said sovereign guarantee of the State of 
Mozambique to Proindicus is, in a court of law declared null and void. Considering the dependency of this 
claim in relation with the lawsuit brought by the Republic of Mozambique above mentioned, it is expected 
that the judgment sessions of the claim brought by BIM will only take place simultaneously or after the 
judgment sessions scheduled for the beginning of October 2023, relating to the lawsuit filed by the Republic 
of Mozambique. 
Regarding MAM, as far as the Bank is aware, no lawsuit with the same purpose was brought by the Republic 
of Mozambique at the London Commercial Court. However, it is expected that, in the context of ongoing 
legal proceedings, that several creditors of MAM (including BCP) have filed, at the London Commercial 
Court, against MAM and the Republic of Mozambique in order to recover their credits, the question of the 
validity of the sovereign guarantee of the Mozambican State to the MAM loan will be raised by the Republic 
of Mozambique. In July 2021, London Commercial Court decided that the various lawsuits brought by 
several creditors of MAM (including BCP) against the Republic of Mozambique, as guarantor, and MAM, 
as debtor, as well as the lawsuit brought by the Republic of Mozambique within the scope of the loan to 
Proindicus, must be judged through a unitary trial and scheduled the start of the respective trial sessions for 
3 October 2023.  
According to public information made available by the IMF, there are defaults on credits granted to non-
state Mozambican companies' and guaranteed by the Mozambican State. Considering the above-mentioned 
developments related to these credits, although the Ministry of Economy and Finance of the Republic of 
Mozambique has submitted in November 2018 new proposals regarding this matter and interactions are 
ongoing between the Government of Mozambique, the IMF and the creditors with the objective of finding 
a solution to the aforementioned debt guaranteed by the State of Mozambique, which had not been 
previously disclosed to the IMF, a solution that changes the ex-approved a solution that would change the 
Group's current expectations, reflected in the financial statements as at 30 September 2022, on: (i) the 
ability of the Government of Mozambique and public companies to repay their debts and commitments 
assumed; and (ii) the development of the activity of its subsidiary BIM.

--- Page 45 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
- 30 - 
 
 
As at 30 September 2022, considering the 66.7% indirect investment in BIM, the Group's interest in BIM's 
equity amounted to EUR 351,494,000 (31 December 2021: EUR 372,708,000), with the exchange 
translation reserve associated with this participation, accounted in Group's consolidated equity, in a 
negative amount of EUR 110,807,000 (31 December 2021: negative amount of EUR 162,561,000). BIM's 
contribution to consolidated net income for the first nine months of 2022, attributable to the shareholders 
of the Bank, amounts to EUR 46,682,000 (30 September 2021: EUR 40,905,000). 
As at 30 September 2022, the subsidiary BIM's exposure to the State of Mozambique and to the Central 
Bank includes public debt securities denominated in Metical classified as Financial assets measured at 
amortised cost - Debt instruments in the gross amount of MZN 42,406,871,000 corresponding to EUR 
675,215,000 (31 December 2021: MZN 72,710,220,000 corresponding to EUR 997,397,000) and Financial 
assets at fair value through other comprehensive income in the gross amount of MZN 2,339,278,000 
corresponding to EUR 37,247,000 (31 December 2021: MZN 4,359,808,000 corresponding to EUR 
59,805,000). 
As at 30 September 2022, the Group has also registered in the balance Loans and advances to customers, a 
direct gross exposure to the Mozambican State in the amount of MZN 19,138,364,000 corresponding to 
EUR 304,728,000 (31 December 2021: MZN 20,380,268,000 corresponding to EUR 279,567,000) and in 
the balance Guarantees granted revocable and irrevocable commitments, an amount of MZN 5,242,804,000 
corresponding to EUR 83,653,000 (31 December 2021: MZN 6,318,155,000 corresponding to EUR 
86,904,000). 
The Bank's highly liquid assets may not cover liabilities to its customer base. 
The Bank's main source of funding is its customer deposits (81% of the Bank's funding as at 30 September 
2022). However, the persistence of interest rates at historically low levels (that are negative in some cases) 
over the past few years has resulted in the Bank investing deposits into instruments with higher potential 
yield. The Bank's other possible funding sources include money market instruments, medium and long-
term bonds, covered bonds, commercial paper, medium term structured products and the securitisation of 
its loan portfolio. The Bank has increasingly strengthened its own funds through capital increases (the most 
recent ones, amounting to EUR 1.33 billion and EUR 174.6 million through the Rights Offering and the 
private placement of 157,437,395 new shares, subscribed by Chiado, an affiliate of Fosun, completed in 
February 2017 and November 2016 respectively). 
The Bank's LCR and the NSFR recorded as at 30 September 2022 were 264% and 153%, respectively, 
compared to a regulatory requirement of 100% (fully implemented) for both ratios. The leverage ratio stood 
at 5.5% (fully implemented) as at 30 September 2022, compared to a reference value of 3% (fully 
implemented). 
In case the Bank is unable to maintain its buffer of liquid assets, its ability to repay its liabilities will be 
limited, which may represent a substantial adverse effect in its business, financial condition, results of 
operations and prospects. 
The results of additional stress tests could result in a need to increase capital or a loss of public 
confidence in the Group. 
The Bank was subject to the 2021 EU-wide stress test conducted by the EBA, in cooperation with the Banco 
de Portugal, the ECB, and the European Systemic Risk Board ("ESRB"). 
The 2021 EU-wide stress test did not contain a pass-fail threshold and instead was designed to be used as 
an important source of information for the purposes of the SREP. The results will assist competent 
authorities in assessing the Bank's ability to meet applicable prudential requirements under stressed 
scenarios. 
The adverse stress test scenario was set by the ECB/ESRB and covers a three-year time horizon (2021-
2023). The stress test has been carried out applying a static balance sheet assumption as of December 2020, 
and therefore does not take into account future business strategies and management actions and does not 
represent a forecast of Banco Comercial Português, S.A. profits. 
Detailed information on the results of Banco Comercial Português, S.A. in the stress test is available on the 
EBA website (www.eba.europa.eu). Considering the results of Banco Comercial Português, S.A, in the 
stress test, it should be highlighted the following:

--- Page 46 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
- 31 - 
 
 
 
the application of the adverse scenario resulted in a reduction of 406 basis points in the fully loaded 
CET1 capital ratio at the end of 2023 versus the data as at December 2020 (which compares with 
an average reduction of 485 basis points in the universe of 50 banks submitted to this exercise); 
 
the application of the base scenario resulted in an increase of 163 basis points in the fully loaded 
CET1 capital ratio at the end of 2023 versus the data as at December 2020 (which compares with 
an increase of 78 basis points in the universe of 50 banks submitted to this exercise). 
New stress tests could adversely affect the cost of funding for the Bank and have a materially adverse 
impact on its business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
As a consequence of SREP, excluding P2G, the minimum Group CET1 phased-in ratio required is 8.16% 
(4.5% Pillar 1, 1.41% Pillar 2 requirements, 2.5% CBR and 0.75% O-SIFI), the Group Tier 1 ratio is 
11.125% and the Group total capital ratio is 13.75% from 31 December 2021. The Group's CET1 (fully 
implemented), Tier 1 and total capital ratios as at 30 September 2022 were 11.4%, 12.3% and 15.1%, 
respectively. 
SREP may increase and an additional cushion may be requested. 
In addition, Polish SREP requirements for 2022 are as follows: CET1 phased-in ratio required is 8.81%, 
the Tier 1 is 10.84% and the total capital ratio 13.54% from 1 January 2022. Bank Millennium's CET1, Tier 
1 and total capital ratios as at 20 September 2022 were 9.5%, 9.5% and 12.4%, respectively. The 
Management Board of Millennium Bank has taken measures following such breach of capital rations, 
including the launch the Recovery Plan, notifying of the fact both Polish FSA and Bank Guarantee Fund. 
The Management Board of Millennium Bank intends to increase capital ratios above the minimum required 
levels through a combination of further improvement of operational profitability and capital optimisation 
initiatives such as management of risk weighted assets (including securitisations). 
The coverage of pension fund liabilities could be insufficient, which would require an increase in 
contributions, and the computation of additional actuarial losses could be influenced by changes to 
assumptions. 
The Bank has undertaken the obligation to pay pensions to its employees upon retirement or due to disability 
and other obligations, in accordance with the terms established in the Collective Labour Agreement of the 
Banking Sector. The Bank's liabilities are primarily covered by the pension fund, which is managed by 
Ageas - Sociedade Gestora de Fundos de Pensões, S.A. The total number of the pension fund participants 
was 27,123 as at 31 December 2021 and 27,431 as at 31 December 2020. 
The liabilities related to retirement pensions and other employee benefits were wholly funded at levels 
above the minimum limits defined by Banco de Portugal, presenting a coverage level of 125% at the end 
of June 2022 (106% as at 31 December 2021). As at 30 June 2022, the liabilities related to the pension fund 
and other employee benefits reached EUR 2,737 million, compared with EUR 3,498 million recorded as at 
31 December 2021. In the first half of 2022, the pension fund recorded a negative 5.91% rate of return, 
whereas in 2021 it stood at positive 1.92%. 
The level of coverage of pension fund liabilities could turn out to be insufficient. If the deterioration of 
global financial markets leads to lower investment income and, consequently, a lower value of the fund, 
this would result in actuarial losses for the year, which would be recognised against reserves in the financial 
year in which they were recorded. In the financial statements with reference to 31 December 2020, the 
discount rate was at 1.05% and the pension growth rate 0.5%. In the financial statements with reference to 
31 December 2021, the discount rate was at 1.35% (1.45% in June 2021) and the pension growth rate 0.5%. 
In the financial statements with reference to 30 June 2022, the discount rate was at 3.30% and the pension 
growth rate 2.0% in 2023 and 0.5% in the following years. The Bank shall re-evaluate the adequacy of its 
actuarial assumptions for the calculation of its liabilities with pensions on a semi-annual basis. A decrease 
in level of the interest rates for the liabilities liquidation deadline or an increase in the pensions growth rate 
would imply a decrease in the Bank's own capital. A decrease of 25 bps in the discount rate results in a 
decrease of around EUR 89.5 million in the Bank's own capital, excluding the tax effect. An increase of 25 
bps in the pensions' growth rate results implies a positive impact of around EUR 84.1 million in the Bank's 
own capital, excluding the tax effect.

--- Page 47 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
- 32 - 
 
 
Actuarial gains and losses resulting from the differences between the assumptions used and actual values 
(experience gains and losses) and the changes in the actuarial assumptions are recognised against 
shareholder equity. In the first half of 2022, actuarial differences were recorded representing a positive 
EUR 477 whereas actuarial differences in 2021 were recorded representing a positive EUR 135 million. If 
there are shortfalls in the pension fund's rate of return, the Bank may have to increase its contributions, 
which would have an impact on the Bank's regulatory capital ratios. The Bank cannot guarantee that 
changes will not take place in the actuarial assumptions relating to the pension obligations and other 
employee benefits. Any changes in the assumptions could lead to additional actuarial losses which could 
have a material adverse effect on the Bank's business, financial condition, results of operations and 
prospects. 
Finally, the value of assets that are part of the pension fund depends on the future evolution of capital 
markets and of the real estate market, both of which could be affected by the continuing COVID-19 
pandemic and the uncertain geopolitical situation in Europe following the invasion of Ukraine. 
A decline in capital and real estate markets could cause the value of the portfolio's assets to become 
insufficient to cover the liabilities assumed by the pension fund, adversely affecting capital ratios and the 
Bank's business, financial condition, own capital and prospects. 
The Bank may not be able to generate income to recover deferred taxes.  Potential dilution of the 
shareholders' position may result from the conversion into capital of a potential special reserve that may 
have to be established according to the applicable legal framework, in particular in the case of negative 
net individual results. Changes in the law or a different interpretation of the relevant provisions of law 
may have an adverse impact on the capital ratio.   
The Bank's deferred tax assets ("DTAs") (on a consolidated basis) as at 30 September 2022 corresponded 
to EUR 2,959 million, compared to EUR 2,671 million as at 31 December 2021, and were generated by tax 
losses and temporary differences. The most notable sources of the Bank's DTAs non-dependent on future 
profitability are impairment losses amounting to EUR 977 million and related employee benefits amounting 
to EUR 817 million. 
Deferred taxes are calculated on the basis of the tax rates which are expected to be applicable at the time of 
the reversal of the temporary differences, which correspond to the approved or substantially approved rates 
at the time of the balance sheet. Assets and liabilities for deferred taxes are presented for their net value 
when, pursuant to the applicable laws, current tax assets may be compensated with current tax liabilities 
and when the deferred taxes relate to the same tax. 
If the Bank is not able to generate enough taxable income to enable the absorption of the tax losses carry 
forward and the temporary differences deductible for tax purposes, the deferred taxes may not be recovered. 
Additionally, the Bank may be forced to alter its evaluation as a result of corrections to the taxable income 
or to tax losses that it may be subject to or as a result of reductions of the tax rates. 
The recoverability of DTAs depends on the implementation of the strategy of the Bank's Board of Directors, 
namely the generation of estimated taxable income and its interpretation of tax legislation. Any changes in 
the assumptions used in estimating future profits or tax legislation may have material impacts on deferred 
tax assets. 
The assessment of the recoverability of DTAs was carried based on the respective financial statements 
prepared under the budgetary process for 2022 and new strategic plan 2021-2024 approved by the 
governing bodies, which support the expected future taxable income, considering the macroeconomic and 
competitive environment. There is a risk that future developments and changes to, and as regards, current 
market conditions, expectations of the management bodies of the Bank, interactions with the supervisory 
authorities and the war in Ukraine could have a significant impact on the assessment of the recoverability 
of DTAs. 
In accordance with the amendments provided for in Law No. 27-A/2020, of July, under Supplementary 
Budget for 2020, the reporting period for tax losses in Portugal, is now 14 years for the losses of 2014, 
2015 and 2016 and 7 years for the tax losses of 2017, 2018 and 2019. The tax losses calculated in 2020 and 
2021 have a reporting period of 12 years, which may be deducted until 2032 and 2033 respectively. The

--- Page 48 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
- 33 - 
 
 
limit for the deduction of tax losses is increased from 70% to 80%, when the difference results from the 
deduction of tax losses determined in the tax periods of 2020 and 2021. 
To estimate the Bank's taxable net income for the period of 2022 to 2033, the following main assumptions 
were considered: 
That the Bank will benefit from the five-year adaptation period provided for in Law No. 98/2019, of 4 
September 2019, starting on 1 January 2019. As such, in what concerns credit impairment losses, the Bank 
will be subject to the previous legal regime during such adaptation period. In the application of these rules, 
the following assumptions were considered, in general terms: 
(a) 
non-deductible expenses related to increase of credit impairments for the years 2022 and 2023 were 
estimated based on the average percentage of non-deducted amounts for tax purposes in the last 
accounting years between 2016 to 2021, compared to the amounts of net impairment increases 
recorded in these years; 
(b) 
the expenses with credit impairment's increases beginning in 2024 were considered deductible for 
tax purposes according to the new fiscal regime; 
(c) 
impairment reversals not accepted for tax purposes were estimated based on the Reduction Plan of 
Non-Performing Assets 2022-2024 submitted to the supervisory authority in March 2022, and also 
on the average reversal percentage observed in the last years of 2016 to 2021; 
(d) 
the referred average percentages were calculated separately, according to the presence or not of a 
mortgage security, the eligibility for the special regime applicable to deferred tax assets and 
according to the clients' rating as Non-Performing Exposures; 
(e) 
the deductions related to impairment of financial assets were projected based on the destination 
(sale or settlement) and the estimated date of the respective operations; 
(f) 
reversals of impairment of non-financial assets not accepted for tax purposes were projected taking 
into account the expected periods of disinvestment in certain real estate. For the remaining assets 
without a forecasted term for disinvestment, the reversals were estimated based on the average 
percentage of reversal observed in the years from 2016 to 2021. Non-deductible expenses related 
to the reinforcement of impairment of non-financial assets were estimated based on the average 
percentage of amounts not deducted for tax purposes in the years from 2016 to 2021, compared to 
the amounts of reinforcements net of impairment recorded in those years; 
(g) 
the deductions related to employee benefits were projected based on their estimated payments or 
deduction plans, in accordance with information provided by the actuary of the pension fund; and 
(h) 
the realisation of changes in the fair value of real estate investment funds was projected based on 
the information available in the management agreements of the funds in question for the period 
expected for the respective liquidation. 
The projections prepared within the framework of the budget process for 2022 incorporate the priorities 
arising from the Strategic Plan 2021-2024. This new strategic plan essentially maintained the priorities 
established in the previous plan, adapting them to the macroeconomic, competitive and legal/regulatory 
framework resulting from the pandemic and incorporating responses to the current challenges faced by the 
Bank. The pandemic and the economic crisis conditioned banking activity and had an impact on credit 
portfolios and other assets, with an immediate impact on profitability. This way, projections assume, 
alongside the projected economic recovery, a convergence towards the medium/long-term metrics and 
trends consistent with the commercial positioning and the coveted capture of efficiency gains, established 
in the revision of the strategic plan approved by the corporate bodies, emphasising the following: 
 
improvement in the net margin, reflecting an effort to increase credit, favouring certain segments, 
the focus on off-balance sheet resources while interest rates remain negative and the effect of the 
normalisation of those rates, such as results from the market interest rate curve subject to the 
projections; 
 
increase in commission income based on efficient and judicious management of commissioning 
and pricing, and, regarding the Individuals segment, the growth of off-balance sheet products;

--- Page 49 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
- 34 - 
 
 
 
normalisation of the cost of risk to levels aligned with the current activity of the Bank and reduction 
of negative impacts produced by the devaluation or sale of non-current assets, with the progressive 
reduction of the historical NPE, foreclosed assets and corporate restructuring funds; 
 
capturing efficiency gains enhanced by digitalisation, reflected in the control of operating costs, 
after the staff reduction carried out in 2021. 
The conclusion of the analysis of the recoverability of the DTAs recognized as at 31 December 2021 was 
that the total recognized deferred tax assets were recoverable. 
The simplified analysis of the recoverability of the DTAs recognized as at 30 September 2022 has 
underlying, namely, the favourable effect of the normalization of interest rates and confirms the referred 
conclusion, justifying the recoverability of recognized DTAs at the end of the first nine months of 2022. 
Law 61/2014 approved an optional framework, with the possibility of subsequent waiver, according to 
which, upon certain events (including (a) annual net losses on the separate financial statements, as well as 
(b) liquidation as a result of voluntary dissolution, insolvency decided by the court or withdrawal of the 
respective authorisation), the DTAs that have resulted from the non-deduction of expenses and of negative 
asset variations resulting from impairment losses in credits and from post-employment benefits or long-
term employments, will be converted into tax credits. In the case of (a), a special reserve must be created 
in the amount of the tax credit resulting from the terms of such Law, enhanced with an increase of 10%, 
which is intended exclusively to be incorporated into the share capital. The creation of such special reserve 
implies a creation, simultaneously, of conversion rights and of a right to demand the issue of shares by the 
Bank in an amount equivalent to such special reserve granted to the Portuguese Republic ("State Rights"), 
such rights being acquirable by the shareholders through payment to the Portuguese State of the same 
amount. The tax credits can be offset against tax debts of the beneficiaries (or of any entity with head office 
in Portugal within the same group to which the special regime foreseen in the Corporate Tax Code is 
applicable or within the same prudential consolidation perimeter for the purpose of Regulation (EU) no. 
575/2013, of the European Parliament and of the Council, as amended) or reimbursed by the Portuguese 
Republic. Due to this framework, the recovery of the DTAs covered by Law 61/2014's optional framework 
is not dependent on future profitability. 
Law 23/2016, of 19 August 2016, limited the scope of the regime, determining that tax assets originated in 
expenses or negative asset variations accounted for after 1 January 2016 are not eligible for the optional 
framework.  The framework set out in Law 61/2014 was further developed by (a) Ministerial Order 
("Portaria") 259/2016, of 4 October 2016, on the control and use of the tax credit and (b) Ministerial Order 
("Portaria") 293-A/2016, of 18 November 2016 (as amended by Ministerial Order ("Portaria") 60/2020, 
of 5 March 2020), concerning the conditions and proceedings for the acquisition by shareholders of the 
referred State Rights. Law 98/2019, of 4 September 2019, established a three-year deadline for the 
acquisition of the referred State rights by the shareholders, after which the Board of Directors of the issuing 
bank is obliged to promote the record of the share capital increase by the amount resulting from the exercise 
of the conversion rights. According to this legislation, among other aspects, such rights are subject to an 
acquisition right by the shareholders on the date of their creation exercisable in periods to be established 
by the Board of Directors until three years after the date of the confirmation date of the tax credit resulting 
from the conversion of the deferred tax assets by the Portuguese Tax Authorities. The issuing bank has to 
deposit in the name of the Portuguese State the amount of the price corresponding to the exercise of the 
acquisition right of all the conversion rights, within three months beginning from the confirmation date of 
the deferred tax assets into tax credit, ahead and independently of their acquisition. Such deposit is 
redeemed when and to the extent that the State Rights are acquired by shareholders or are exercised by the 
State. 
As disclosed in due course, pursuant to the General Meeting held on 15 October 2014, the Bank adopted 
the optional framework approved by Law 61/2014 described above. The Group's CET1 ratio, fully 
implemented as at 31 December 2021, corresponds to 11.7% and already incorporates the effects of the 
application of the new framework which became effective on 1 January 2015. 
The Bank's net result (on an individual basis) as at 31 December 2021 was EUR 90 million; there is no 
guarantee that the net result in the following years will be positive. 
If the Bank registers a net loss as at the end of a financial year, on an individual basis, then, under the 
provisions of Law 61/2014, the Portuguese Republic will be granted State Rights, exercisable after the

--- Page 50 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
- 35 - 
 
 
mentioned period of up to three years, during which shareholders will have the opportunity to acquire such 
conversion rights from the State. If shares are finally issued pursuant to the exercise of such conversion 
rights, this would dilute the remaining shareholders of the Bank. Among other factors that may affect the 
recoverability of the deferred tax assets and their composition regarding the deferred tax assets that fall 
within the scope of Law 61/2014, the interpretation of the tax law is relevant, as well as the performance 
of several operations in 2019, 2020 and 2021. 
In the 2015 and 2016 financial years, the Bank registered deferred tax assets regarding expenses and 
negative asset variations with post-employment or long-term employment benefits and credit impairment 
losses accounted for up to 31 December 2014, which assets the Bank deems eligible for the purposes of the 
framework approved by Law 61/2014.  A change in law or a different interpretation of the law, or the non-
performance of the abovementioned operations could have an adverse impact on the Bank's capital ratio. 
Any of the aforementioned could result in a material adverse effect on the Bank's business, financial 
condition, results of operations and prospects. 
The Bank's ability to achieve certain targets is dependent upon certain assumptions involving factors 
that are significantly or entirely beyond the Bank's control and are subject to known and unknown risks, 
uncertainties and other factors. 
The achievement of the Bank's internal targets will depend on the verification of assumptions involving 
factors that are significantly or entirely beyond the Bank's control and subject to known and unknown risks, 
uncertainties and other factors that may result in management failing to achieve these targets. These factors 
include those described elsewhere in this section and, in particular: 
 
the Bank's ability to successfully implement its strategy; 
 
the Bank's ability to successfully implement its funding and capital plans; 
 
the successful implementation of economic reforms in Portugal; 
 
the Bank's ability to access funding in the capital markets; 
 
the level of the Bank's LLRs against NPEs; 
 
the Bank's ability to reduce NPEs; 
 
the quality of the Bank's assets; 
 
the Bank's ability to reduce costs; 
 
the financial condition of the Bank's customers; 
 
reductions to the Bank's ratings; 
 
growth of the financial markets in the countries in which the Bank operates; 
 
the Bank's ability to grow internationally; 
 
future market conditions; 
 
currency fluctuations; 
 
the actions of regulators; 
 
changes to the political, social and regulatory framework in which the Bank operates; 
 
macroeconomic or technological trends or conditions, including inflation and consumer confidence, 
and other risk factors identified in this Base Prospectus. If one or more of these assumptions is inaccurate, 
the Bank may be unable to achieve one or more of its targets, which may have a material adverse effect on 
the Bank's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.

--- Page 51 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
- 36 - 
 
 
The Bank regularly uses financial models in the course of its operations. These financial models help inform 
the Bank of the value of certain of its assets (such as certain loans, financial instruments, including illiquid 
financial instruments where market prices are not readily available, goodwill or other intangible assets) and 
liabilities (such as the Bank's defined benefit obligations and provisioning) as well as the Bank's risk 
exposure. These financial models also generally require the Bank to make assumptions, judgements and 
estimates which, in many cases, are inherently uncertain, including expected cash flows, the ability of 
borrowers to service debt, residential and commercial property price appreciation and depreciation, and 
relative levels of defaults. Such assumptions, judgements and estimates may need to be updated to reflect 
changing facts, trends and market conditions and may result in a decrease in the value of, and consequently 
an impairment of, the Bank's assets, an increase in the Bank's liabilities or an increase in the Bank's risk 
exposure, any of which may have a material adverse effect on the Bank's business, financial condition, 
results of operations and prospects. 
In particular, recent historic market volatility and illiquidity has challenged the factual bases of certain 
underlying assumptions and made it difficult to value some of the Bank's financial instruments. Decreased 
valuations reflecting prevailing market conditions, faulty assumptions or illiquidity, may result in changes 
in the fair values of these instruments, which may have a material adverse effect on the Bank's business, 
financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
The Bank is exposed to reputational risks, including those arising from rumours that affect its image 
and customer relations. 
Reputational risk is inherent to the Bank's business activity. Negative public opinion towards the Bank or 
the financial services sector as a whole could result from real or perceived practices in the banking sector, 
such as money laundering, terrorism financing, the fraudulent sale of financial products or breach of 
competition rules, or a departure from the way that the Group conducts, or is perceived to conduct, its 
business. Negative publicity and negative public opinion, particularly in relation to pending litigation or 
enquiries by regulators that could be resolved against the Bank's favour, could adversely affect the Bank's 
ability to maintain and attract customers and counterparties, the loss of which could adversely affect the 
Bank's business, financial condition and future prospects, due, for instance, to a run-on deposits and 
subsequent lack of funding sources. 
The Bank may be unable to detect money laundering, terrorism financing, tax evasion or tax avoidance 
behaviour by clients, which could be attributed to the Bank. Failure to manage such risk could lead to 
reputational damage and to financial penalties for failure to comply with required legal procedures or other 
aspects of applicable laws and regulations, which could materially adversely affect the Bank's business, 
results of operations, financial condition and prospects. 
The Bank has a limited number of customers who are classified as politically exposed persons pursuant to 
the applicable legislation, including Law No. 83/2017, of 18 August 2017, as amended, and regulatory 
notices ("Avisos") No. 5/2013, of 18 December 2013, or No. 2/2018, of 26 September 2018, of Banco de 
Portugal (as applicable), as amended. Although the Bank exercises increasingly stricter scrutiny of 
transactions with politically exposed persons in order to ensure compliance with applicable laws, the 
services provided to these individuals may expose the Bank to reputational risks, notwithstanding the 
Bank's compliance with applicable laws. 
Labour disputes or other industrial actions could disrupt Bank operations or make them more costly to 
run. 
The Bank is exposed to the risk of labour disputes and other industrial actions. 81.0% of the Group's 
employees were members of labour unions, at the end of June 2022, and the Bank may experience strikes, 
work stoppages or other industrial actions in the future. Any of these actions could, possibly for a significant 
period of time, result in disruption to the Bank's activity and increased salaries and benefits granted to 
employees or otherwise have a material adverse effect on the Bank's business, financial condition, results 
of operations and prospects. 
The Bank is exposed to market risk, which could result in the devaluation of investment holdings or 
affect its trading results. 
The performance of the financial markets could cause changes in the value of the Bank's investment and 
trading portfolios. Changes in the interest rate level, yield curve and spreads could reduce the Bank's net

--- Page 52 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
- 37 - 
 
 
interest margin. Changes in foreign exchange rates could affect the value of its assets and liabilities 
denominated in foreign currencies and could affect the results of trading. 
The Bank has significant exposure to participation units in closed-end funds.  See further "The Bank holds 
units issued by specialised credit recovery closed-end funds that are subject to potential depreciation, for 
which reimbursement may not be requested and for which there is no secondary market". As from 1 January 
2018, following the implementation of the IFRS 9, the participation units started to be recorded at fair value 
through profit and loss. 
The Bank has implemented risk management methods to mitigate and control these and other market risks 
to which it is exposed, including the use of derivatives to hedge certain products offered to its customers, 
and the Bank's risk exposure is continuously monitored. However, it is difficult to accurately predict 
changes in market conditions and to foresee the effects that these changes might have on the Bank's financial 
condition and results of operations. Any failure in risk management or control policies targeting market 
risk could have a negative impact on the Bank's business, financial condition, results of operations and 
prospects. 
The Bank is subject to certain operational risks, which may include interruptions in the services provided, 
errors, fraud attributable to third parties, omissions and delays in the provision of services and 
implementation of requirements for risk management. 
In its normal activity and as a result of its organisational structure, the Bank is subject to certain operational 
risks, including interruptions in the services provided, errors, fraud attributable to third parties, and 
omissions and delays in the provision of services and implementation of requirements for risk management. 
A majority of the Bank's operational losses in the first half of 2022 were caused by external and people 
risks, with a large portion having low material significance, under EUR 100,000 (96% of all operational 
losses Group wide). In fact, about 49% of the cases recorded in the first half of 2022 had a financial impact 
of less than EUR 5,000 each. The Bank continually monitors operational risks by means of, among other 
actions, advanced administrative and information systems and insurance coverage with respect to certain 
operational risks. However, it is not possible to guarantee that the monitoring and prevention of these risks 
will be fully effective. Any lack of success in the implementation of the Bank's risk management and control 
policies could have a material adverse effect on its business, financial condition, results of operations and 
prospects. 
The Bank faces technological risks, and a failure in the Bank's information technology systems could 
result in, among other things, trading losses, losses in customer deposits and investments, accounting 
and financial reporting errors and breaches in data security. 
The operations developed by the Group, in Portugal and internationally, have an infrastructure of 
information systems that is externalised, but also common and integrated, promoting higher overall 
efficiency. The Bank's operations depend heavily on their respective computer processing capabilities, 
especially following the centralisation of the information systems. Computer processing capabilities 
include record-keeping, financial reporting and other systems, including systems for monitoring points of 
sale and internal accounting systems. 
Regarding the security of the information systems, the Bank has continued to pursue a strategy aligned with 
good international practices. However, it is not possible to guarantee to potential investors complete 
identification and timely correction of all problems related to the informational technology systems, or 
systematic success in the implementation of technological improvements. A failure in the Bank's 
information technology systems could result in, among other things, trading losses, losses in customer 
deposits and investments, accounting and financial reporting errors and breaches in data security. The 
occurrence of any of the aforementioned events could have a significant and negative effect on the Bank's 
business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
The Bank is subject to the risk of changes in the relationship with its partners. 
Some of the Bank's activities are carried out in partnership with other entities that are not under the control 
of the Bank, including Millenniumbcp Ageas. Therefore, the Bank does not have the ability to control the 
decisions of these entities or ensure full compliance with the agreements that established such partnerships. 
Any decision or action by these entities and/or their breach of such agreements may have a material adverse

--- Page 53 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
- 38 - 
 
 
effect on the Bank's reputation, business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. For further 
details on the Bank's strategic partnerships, please see "Description of the Business of the Group". 
Transactions in the Bank's own portfolio involve risks. 
The Bank carries out various proprietary treasury activities, including the placement of deposits 
denominated in Euro and other currencies in the interbank market, as well as trading in primary and 
secondary markets for government securities. The management of the Bank's own portfolio includes taking 
positions in fixed income and equity markets, both via spot market and through derivative products and 
other financial instruments. Despite the Bank's limited level of involvement in these activities, trading on 
account of its own portfolio carries risks, since its results depend partly on market conditions. A reduction 
in the value of financial assets held due primarily to market conditions, or any other such conditions outside 
the control of the Bank, could require a corresponding loss recognition that may impact the Bank's balance 
sheet. Moreover, the Bank relies on a vast range of risk reporting and internal management tools in order 
to be able to report its exposure to such transactions correctly and in due time. Future results arising from 
trading on account of its own portfolio will depend partly on market conditions, and the Bank may incur 
significant losses resulting from adverse changes in the fair value of financial assets, which could have a 
material adverse effect on its business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
Hedging operations carried out by the Bank may not be adequate to prevent losses. 
The Bank carries out hedging transactions to reduce its exposure to different types of risks associated with 
its business.  Many of its hedging strategies are based on historical patterns of transactions and correlations. 
Consequently, unexpected market developments might negatively affect the Bank's hedging strategies. 
Furthermore, the Bank does not hedge all of its risk exposure in all market environments or against all types 
of risks and in some cases a hedge may not be available to the Bank. Moreover, the way that gains or losses 
arising from certain ineffective hedges are recognised may result in additional volatility in its reported 
earnings. The Group employs derivatives and other financial instruments to hedge its exposure to interest 
rate and foreign exchange risk resulting from financing and investment activities. Hedging derivatives are 
recognised at their fair value and the profits and losses resulting from their valuation are recognised against 
the results. The Bank may still incur losses from changes in the fair value of derivatives and other financial 
instruments that qualify as fair value hedges. If any of its hedging instruments or strategies are inefficient, 
the Bank could incur losses which could have a material adverse effect on its business, financial condition, 
results of operations and prospects. 
The Bank faces exchange rate risk related to its international operations. 
All of the Bank's international operations are directly or indirectly exposed to exchange rate risk, which 
could adversely affect the Bank's results. Any devaluation of these currencies relative to the Euro could 
have a negative impact on the Bank's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
As at 30 June 2022, the loans-to-customer funds ratio in Poland and Mozambique was 80% and 30%, 
respectively. The Bank's loan portfolio also includes loans in foreign currency, where the losses are 
assumed by customers and recorded in the profit and loss account under impairment. The use of funding in 
foreign currency in some countries of Eastern Europe exposes some of the Bank's customers to exchange 
rate risk, affecting the financial condition of these entities and, consequently, the net income of the Bank. 
Although Bank Millennium stopped granting new foreign currency loans in Poland by the end of 2008, it 
still holds a considerable loan portfolio in foreign currency, mainly in Swiss francs (as at 30 September 
2022), 9.4% of the total loan portfolio in Poland (gross after legal risk provisions) and 14% of the total 
mortgage loan book in Poland), and therefore the Bank's net income could be significantly affected by the 
need to undertake additional payments for impairment in the loan portfolio and by the high cost of zloty 
swaps. On 15 January 2015, the Swiss National Bank discontinued its minimum exchange rate which had 
been set at EUR/CHF 1.20 in September 2011. Simultaneously, the Swiss National Bank lowered the 
interest rate on sight deposit account balances that exceed a given exemption threshold by 0.5% to −0.75%. 
As a consequence, on the next day the Swiss franc appreciated 15% to around EUR/CHF 1.04 and the main 
index on the Swiss stock exchange went down around 8.7%. Since then, the EUR/CHF exchange rate has 
been free float. Net income may also be adversely affected if Poland does not join the Eurozone in the 
medium term as is currently expected. Similarly, net income may be affected if institutional investors pool 
their assets in established, rather than emerging, markets. This risk is exacerbated in the context of greater

--- Page 54 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
- 39 - 
 
 
political instability related to reform of the European institutional framework, which has already had 
repercussions on the Swiss franc exchange rate. 
For details on the Bank's exposure to risks in foreign countries, see risk factor "The Bank faces exposure to 
risks in its businesses in Europe (Poland) and Africa (Angola and Mozambique)". 
The Bank is subject to the risk of internal and external fraud, crime, cybercrime, or other types of 
misconduct by employees or third parties which could have a material adverse effect on the Bank. 
The Bank is subject to the risk of fraud, crime, money laundering, cybercrime and other types of misconduct 
by employees and third parties, as well as to unauthorised transactions by employees, third party service 
providers and external staff, including "rogue trading". This type of risk could result in breaches of law, 
rules, regulations and internal policies, losses, claims, fines, regulatory action, legal proceedings or 
reputational damage. 
In the area of payments, over the past years the Bank and the Bank's clients have been subject to cybercrime 
and fraud in the form of phishing and malware. European law tends to hold the Bank liable unless it provides 
proof of intentional misconduct or gross negligence by the client. Other forms of theft include violent 
robberies of ATMs, in which criminals use combustible gas, explosives or vehicles and heavy equipment 
to gain access to cash stored in ATMs. 
The Bank may be subject to disruptions of its operating or information systems, arising from criminal acts 
by individuals and groups via cyberspace, which may interrupt the service to clients. 
The Bank remains potentially exposed to the risk that the procedures implemented and the measures 
adopted with respect to the storage and processing of personal data relating to its customers may prove to 
be inadequate and/or not in compliance with the laws and regulations in force from time to time and/or may 
not be promptly or properly implemented by employees and associates. Thus, the data could be subject to 
damage, loss, theft, disclosure or processing for purposes other than those authorised by the customers, or 
even use by unauthorised parties (whether third parties or employees of companies of the Bank). If any of 
these circumstances occur there could be a material adverse effect on the Bank's business, including its 
reputation, financial condition, results of operation or prospects. 
Failure of the Bank's information technology systems could lead to a breach of regulations and (contractual) 
obligations and have a material adverse effect on the Bank's reputation, results of operations, financial 
condition and prospects. The continuous efforts of individuals and groups, including organised crime, via 
cyberspace to commit fraud through electronic channels or to gain access to information technology 
systems used by the Bank (including with respect to clients' and Bank information held on those systems 
and transactions processed through these systems) are a growing threat to the Bank. The manifestations of 
risks to technology – including cyber security – change rapidly and require continued focus and investment. 
Given the increasing sophistication and scope of potential attacks via cyberspace, it is possible that future 
attacks may lead to significant breaches of security and loss of (personal) data. In addition, the Group may 
as a result not be able to access data or operate its systems, it may not be able to recover data, or establishing 
that data is not compromised may be very time consuming and costly. 
There is a risk that cyber-security risk is not adequately managed or, even if adequately managed, a cyber-
attack can take place and be successful, which could lead to breach of regulations, investigations and 
administrative enforcement by supervisory authorities and claims that may materially and adversely affect 
the Bank's business, reputation, results of operations, financial condition, prospects and its position in legal 
proceedings. 
A material decline in global capital markets and volatility in other markets could adversely affect the 
activity, results and value of strategic investments of the Bank. 
Investment returns are an important part of the Bank's overall profitability, particularly in relation to the 
life insurance business carried out by the Millennium bcp Ageas joint venture and the Bank's investment 
banking business. 
Uncertainty in global financial markets stemming from the price volatility of capital market instruments 
such as has been experienced in the first quarter of 2022, and if this volatility persists, this may materially 
and adversely affect the Group and particularly the life insurance business and investment banking

--- Page 55 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
- 40 - 
 
 
operations, impacting its financial operations and other income and the value of its financial holdings and 
securities portfolios. 
In particular, such a decline in the global capital markets has had and may continue to have an adverse 
effect on the sales of many of the Group's products and services, such as unit-linked products, capitalisation 
insurance, real estate investment funds, asset management services, brokerage, primary market issuances 
and investment banking operations, and significantly reduce the fees related to them, as well as adversely 
affect the Bank's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. As a minority 
shareholder of Millennium bcp Ageas, the Bank is at risk of being required to inject capital into the company 
if its solvency ratio falls below a certain predefined level, which could occur if certain products of 
Millennium bcp Ageas do not meet a minimum level of return. Furthermore, the prolonged fluctuation of 
stock and bond market prices or extended volatility or turbulence of markets has led in the last few months 
and may continue to lead to the withdrawal of funds from markets by investors, which would result in lower 
investment rates or in the early redemption of life policies. Any such decrease could negatively influence 
the placement of the Bank's investment products. Therefore, a decline in the capital markets in general 
could adversely affect the Bank's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
The Bank also maintains trading and investment positions in debt securities, foreign exchange, equity and 
other markets. These positions could be adversely affected by volatility in financial and other markets and 
in Portuguese sovereign debt (EUR 8.0 billion as at 31 December 2021, of which EUR 430 million recorded 
in "Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss – Held for trading"; EUR 0 million recorded in 
"Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss – Designated at fair value through profit or loss"; EUR 
3.8 billion recorded in "Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income" and EUR 3.8 
billion recorded in "Financial assets at amortised cost – Debt securities"), creating a risk of substantial 
losses. Potential gains in the Portuguese public debt in December 2021 stand at around EUR 41.4 million. 
Volatility can also lead to losses relating to a broad range of the other trading and hedging products that the 
Bank uses, including swaps, futures, options and structured products. Significant reductions in estimated 
or actual values of the Bank's assets have occurred from previous events in the market. Continued volatility 
and further fragmentation of certain financial markets may affect the Bank's business, financial condition, 
operating results and prospects. In the future, these factors may have an influence on day-to-day valuations 
of the Bank's financial assets and liabilities, recorded at fair value. 
Acts of terrorism, natural disasters, pandemics and global conflicts may have a negative impact on the 
Bank's business and operations. 
Acts of terrorism, natural disasters, pandemics, global conflicts or other similar catastrophic events could 
have a negative impact on the Bank's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
Such events could damage the Bank's facilities, disrupt or delay the normal operations of its business 
(including communications and technology), result in harm or cause travel limitations on the Bank's 
employees, and have a similar impact on its clients and counterparties. These events could also negatively 
impact the purchase of the Bank's products and services to the extent that those acts or conflicts result in 
reduced capital markets activity, lower asset price levels, or disruptions in general economic activity, or in 
financial market settlement functions. In addition, war, terror attacks, political unrest, global conflicts, the 
national and global efforts to combat terrorism and other potential military activities and outbreaks of 
hostilities may negatively impact economic growth, which could have an adverse effect on the Bank's 
business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects, besides other adverse effects on the Bank 
in ways that it is unable to predict. 
The Bank's risk management methods may not be able to identify all risks or level of risks to which the 
Bank is exposed. 
The Bank's risk management methods are based on a combination of human and technical controls and 
supervision, which are subject to errors and defects. Some of the Bank's methods of managing risks are 
based on internally developed controls and on historic data on market behaviour, also supported by common 
market practices. These methods might not adequately predict future losses, in particular when related to 
relevant market fluctuations, which could be considerably higher than those observed in other periods. 
These methods might also be ineffective in protecting against losses caused by technical errors, if the 
implemented testing and control systems are not effective in the prevention of software and hardware 
technical defects. Any errors or failures in the implementation of such risk management systems, as well 
as their possible inability to identify all the risks or risk levels to which the Bank is exposed, could have a 
material adverse effect on the Bank's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.

--- Page 56 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
- 41 - 
 
 
2. 
Risks relating to the Notes Issued Under The Programme 
2.1 
Risks relating to the structure of particular Notes 
Investors may lose the original invested amount. 
Investors may lose up to the entire value of their investment in the Notes, or part of it, as the case may be, 
as a result of the occurrence of any one or more of the following events: 
 
the Issuer of the Notes is subject to insolvency proceedings or some other event impairing its ability 
to meet its obligations under the Notes; 
 
the terms of the relevant Notes do not provide for full repayment of the initial purchase price upon 
final maturity and/or mandatory early redemption of such Notes and the relevant Reference Item(s) 
perform in such a manner that the final redemption amount and/or mandatory early redemption 
amount is less than the initial purchase price; 
 
the purchaser seeks to sell the relevant Notes prior to their scheduled maturity, and the sale price 
of the Notes in the secondary market is less than the purchaser's initial investment; and 
 
the Notes are subject to certain adjustments in accordance with the terms and conditions of such 
Notes that may result in the scheduled amount to be paid or asset(s) to be delivered upon 
redemption being reduced to or being valued at an amount less than a purchaser's initial investment. 
Notwithstanding that the relevant Notes may be linked to the performance of one or more Reference Items, 
investors in such Notes do not have and shall not receive any rights in respect of any Reference Item and 
shall have no right to call for any Reference Item to be delivered to them (unless otherwise provided in the 
Issue Terms). The Issuer of the Notes shall not be required to hold any Reference Item. 
The Notes are unsecured and therefore subject to the resolution regime. 
The Notes are unsecured and therefore subject to the resolution regime, including the bail-in tool (see 
further "Description of the Business of the Group - The Portuguese Banking System"). The impact on 
investors, in a resolution scenario, depends crucially on the rank of the liability in the resolution creditor 
hierarchy. In the event of resolution, inter alia: (i) the outstanding amount of the Notes may be reduced to 
zero or the Notes may be converted into ordinary shares of BCP or other instruments of ownership; (ii) a 
transfer of assets (e.g. to a bridge bank) or in a sale of business may limit the capacity of the Bank to meet 
its repayment obligations; and (iii) the maturity of any Notes or the interest rate under such Notes can be 
altered and the payments may be suspended for a certain period. When a resolution measure is applied no 
shareholder or creditor of the institution (including the Noteholders) subject to resolution may have losses 
greater than it would have if the institution had entered into liquidation ("no creditor worse off"). 
Noteholders may have a right to compensation if the treatment they receive in resolution is less favourable 
than the treatment they would have received under normal liquidation proceedings. This assessment must 
be based on an independent valuation of the firm. Completion of this assessment, as well as payment of any 
potential consideration, may occur considerably later than contractual payment dates. 
Notes may be denominated in one currency and settled in another currency. 
If the Issue Terms specify that the Settlement Exchange Rate Provisions are applicable, then such Notes 
are denominated in one currency but all or certain amounts due thereunder, as the case may be, if any, are 
settled in another currency (the "Settlement Currency"). As such, the applicable amounts are converted 
by converting such amounts by reference to the applicable Settlement Exchange Rate specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms or, if not so specified, determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
terms and conditions of the Notes. 
Investors should understand that such Notes are not principal protected in the settlement currency or 
Settlement Exchange Rate base currency even if the Notes are principal protected in the denomination 
currency or Settlement Exchange Rate subject currency. If the denomination currency depreciates against 
the Settlement Currency, this will reduce the Settlement Currency amounts received (if any) under the 
Notes and an investor may receive less than their initial investment in the Notes.

--- Page 57 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
- 42 - 
 
 
Investors should understand, where a fixed Settlement Exchange Rate is not specified in the Issue Terms, 
that the Issuer does not have control over the Settlement Exchange Rate and will not make any adjustment 
or change in the terms of the Notes in the event that exchange rates should become fixed, or in the event of 
any devaluation or revaluation or imposition of exchange or other regulatory controls or taxes, or in the 
event of other developments affecting the settlement currency, the denomination currency or any foreign 
currency. Investors will bear those risks. In addition, if an Unscheduled Holiday or a Price Source 
Disruption occurs in respect of the applicable Settlement Exchange Rate, the applicable disruption fallbacks 
may provide that the scheduled settlement exchange rate valuation date for such rate will be postponed, 
then this may result in deferral of the corresponding payment date under the Notes. If a date for payment is 
so postponed, this could adversely affect an investor's investment schedule, timetable or plans as they will 
receive amounts in respect of the Notes later than the originally scheduled date for payment. No interest 
will accrue or other amount will be payable by the Issuer in the event of any such delay. 
Risk of leveraged exposure. 
Leverage involves the use of a number of financial techniques to increase the exposure to a Reference Item, 
and can therefore magnify both returns and losses. While the use of leverage allows for potential multiples 
of a return (assuming a return is achieved) when the Reference Item moves in the anticipated direction, it 
will conversely magnify losses when the Reference Item moves against expectations. If the relevant Notes 
include leverage, potential holders of such Notes should note that these Notes will involve a higher level of 
risk, and that whenever there are losses such losses will be higher (other things being equal) than those of 
a similar Note which is not leveraged. Investors should therefore only invest in leveraged Notes if they 
fully understand the effect of leverage. 
Notes where denominations involve integral multiples. 
In relation to any issue of Notes (other than Book Entry Notes) which have denominations consisting of a 
minimum Specified Denomination (as set out in the relevant Issue Terms) plus one or more higher integral 
multiples of another smaller amount, it is possible that such Notes may be traded in amounts that are not 
integral multiples of such minimum Specified Denomination. In such a case a Noteholder who, as a result 
of trading such amounts, holds an amount which is less than the minimum Specified Denomination in his 
account with the relevant clearing system at the relevant time (i) may not be able to transfer such Notes 
(other than Book Entry Notes) and (ii) may not receive a definitive Note in respect of such holding (should 
definitive Notes be printed) and in each case would need to purchase a nominal amount of Notes (other 
than Book Entry Notes) such that its holding amounts to an integral multiple of the minimum Specified 
Denomination. 
If definitive Notes are issued, Noteholders should be aware that definitive Notes which have a denomination 
that is not an integral multiple of the minimum Specified Denomination may be illiquid and difficult to 
trade. 
Conducting hedging transactions. 
The Issuer may use all or some of the proceeds received from the sale of Notes to enter into hedging 
transactions. The Issuer believes that such hedging activity will under normal circumstances not have a 
material impact on the value of the relevant Notes. However, it cannot be assured that the Issuer's hedging 
activities will not affect such value. The value of Notes might in particular be affected by the liquidation of 
all or a portion of the relevant hedging positions (a) at or about the time of the maturity or expiration of 
such Notes or (b), if such Notes provide for a knock-out, knock-in or a similar feature, at the time when the 
price or value of the relevant underlying approaches the relevant price or level for the knock-out, knock-in 
or other feature. 
Reform and Regulation of "benchmarks". 
Interest rates and indices which are deemed to be "benchmarks" (such as EURIBOR or ISDAFIX (now 
restructured and renamed the ICE Swap Rate) referenced swap rates) are the subject of national and 
international regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. Some of these reforms are already effective 
whilst others are still to be implemented. These reforms may cause such "benchmarks" to perform 
differently than in the past, to disappear entirely or to have other consequences which cannot be predicted. 
Any such consequence could have a material adverse effect on any Notes linked to or referencing such a 
"benchmark". The EU Benchmarks Regulation applies, subject to certain transitional provisions, to the

--- Page 58 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
- 43 - 
 
 
provision of benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark within 
the European Union. Among other things, it (i) requires benchmark administrators to be authorised or 
registered (or, if non-European Union based, to be subject to an equivalent regime or otherwise recognised 
or endorsed) and (ii) prevents certain uses by European Union supervised entities of "benchmarks" of 
administrators that are not authorised or registered (or, if non-European Union based, not deemed 
equivalent or recognised or endorsed). Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA") (the "UK Benchmarks Regulation"), 
among other things, applies to the provision of benchmarks and the use of a benchmark in the UK. Similarly, 
it prohibits the use in the UK by UK supervised entities of benchmarks of administrators that are not 
authorised by the FCA or registered on the FCA register (or, if non-UK based, not deemed equivalent or 
recognised or endorsed). 
The EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable, could have a 
material impact on any Notes linked to or referencing a "benchmark", in particular, if the methodology or 
other terms of the "benchmark" are changed in order to comply with the requirements of the EU 
Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable. Such changes could, among 
other things, have the effect of reducing, increasing or otherwise affecting the volatility of the published 
rate or level of the relevant "benchmark". 
More broadly, any of the national or international reforms, or the general increased regulatory scrutiny of 
"benchmarks", could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the setting 
of a "benchmark" and complying with any such regulations or requirements. 
The euro risk free-rate working group for the euro area has published a set of guiding principles and high 
level recommendations for fallback provisions in, amongst other things, new euro denominated cash 
products (including bonds) referencing EURIBOR. The guiding principles indicate, among other things, 
that continuing to reference EURIBOR in relevant contracts (without robust fallback provisions) may 
increase the risk to the euro area financial system. On 11 May 2021, the euro risk-free rate working group 
published its recommendations on EURIBOR fallback trigger events and fallback rates. 
Such factors may have (without limitation) the following effects on certain "benchmarks" (including 
EURIBOR): (i) discouraging market participants from continuing to administer or contribute to a 
"benchmark"; (ii) triggering changes in the rules or methodologies used in the "benchmark" or (iii) lead to 
the disappearance of the "benchmark". Any of the above changes or any other consequential changes as a 
result of national or international reforms or other initiatives or investigations, could have a material adverse 
effect on the value of and return on any Notes linked to, referencing or otherwise dependent (in whole or 
in part) upon a "benchmark". 
The Terms and Conditions of Notes provide for certain fallback arrangements in the event that an Original 
Reference Rate and/or any page on which an Original Reference Rate may be published (or any other 
successor service) becomes unavailable or a Benchmark Event (as defined in the Terms and Conditions) 
otherwise occurs. Either (i) the Issuer will appoint an Independent Adviser to determine a Successor Rate 
or, failing which, an Alternative Reference Rate to be used in place of the Original Reference Rate or (ii) if 
the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or the Independent Adviser appointed is unable to 
determine the relevant rates, the Issuer may (after consulting with the Independent Adviser (if any)) 
determine a Successor Rate or, failing which an Alternative Reference Rate to be used in place of the 
Original Reference Rate. The use of any such Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate to determine 
the Rate of Interest may result in the Notes performing differently (including paying a lower Rate of Interest 
for any Interest Period) than they would do if the Original Reference Rate were to continue to apply. 
Furthermore, if a Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate is determined by an Independent Adviser 
or the Issuer, as the case may be, the Conditions provide that the Issuer may vary the Conditions and the 
Agency Terms as necessary, to ensure the proper operation of such Successor Rate or Alternative Reference 
Rate, without any requirement for consent or approval of the Noteholders. 
If a Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate is determined by an Independent Adviser or, as the case 
may be, the Issuer, the Conditions also provide that an Adjustment Spread may be determined by the 
Independent Adviser or, as the case may be, the Issuer to be applied to such Successor Rate or Alternative 
Reference Rate. The aim of the Adjustment Spread is to reduce or eliminate, so far as is reasonably 
practicable in the relevant circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as the case may be) to the 
Noteholders as a result of the replacement of the Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate or the

--- Page 59 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
- 44 - 
 
 
Alternative Reference Rate. However, there is no guarantee that such an Adjustment Spread will be 
determined or applied, or that the application of an Adjustment Spread will either reduce or eliminate 
economic prejudice to the Noteholders. If no Adjustment Spread is determined, a Successor Rate or 
Alternative Reference Rate may nonetheless be used to determine the Rate of Interest. Furthermore, there 
is no guarantee that a Successor Rate or an Alternative Reference Rate will be determined or applied. 
If, following the occurrence of a Benchmark Event, no Successor Rate or Alternative Rate is determined 
or, in relation to Floating Rate Notes or Reset Notes in respect of which the above fallback arrangements 
do not apply, the ultimate fallback for the purposes of calculation of the Rate of Interest for a particular 
Interest Period may result in the Rate of Interest for the last preceding Interest Period being used. This may 
result in the effective application of a fixed rate for Floating Rate Notes based on the rate which was last 
observed on the Relevant Screen Page or, in the case of Reset Notes, the application of the previous reset 
Rate of Interest for a preceding Reset Period, or for the First Reset Rate of Interest, the application of the 
Initial Rate of Interest applicable to such Notes on the Interest Commencement Date. Due to the uncertainty 
concerning the availability of Successor Rates and Alternative Rates, the involvement of an Independent 
Adviser, the potential for further regulatory developments and the fact that the provisions of Condition 4(e) 
("Benchmark Replacement") will not be applied if and to the extent that, in the determination of the Issuer, 
the same could reasonably be expected to prejudice the qualification of the relevant Series of Notes as 
regulatory capital or eligible liabilities, where applicable, there is a risk that the relevant fallback provisions 
may not operate as intended at the relevant time. Any of the foregoing could have an adverse effect on the 
value or liquidity of, and return on the Notes. 
Any of the above matters, which are not subject to the approval of Noteholders, or any other significant 
change to the setting or existence of the Original Reference Rate could adversely affect the ability of the 
Issuer to meet its obligations under the Notes and could have a material adverse effect on the value or 
liquidity of, and the amount payable under, the Notes. 
The market continues to develop in relation to risk-free rates (including overnight rates) as reference 
rates for Floating Rate Notes. 
The use of risk-free rates - including those such as the Sterling Overnight Index Average (''SONIA''), the 
Secured Overnight Financing Rate (''SOFR'') and the euro short-term rate (''€STR''), as reference rates for 
Eurobonds continues to develop. This relates not only to the substance of the calculation and the 
development and adoption of market infrastructure for the issuance and trading of bonds referencing such 
rates, but also to how widely such rates and methodologies might be adopted. 
The market or a significant part thereof may adopt an application of risk-free rates that differs significantly 
from that set out in the Conditions and used in relation to Notes that reference risk-free rates issued under 
this Programme. The Issuer may in the future also issue Notes referencing SONIA, the SONIA 
Compounded Index, SOFR, the SOFR Compounded Index or €STR that differ materially in terms of 
interest determination when compared with any previous Notes issued by it under this Programme. The 
development of risk-free rates for the Eurobond markets could result in reduced liquidity or increased 
volatility, or could otherwise affect the market price of any Notes that reference a risk-free rate issued under 
this Programme from time to time. 
In addition, the manner of adoption or application of risk-free rates in the Eurobond markets may differ 
materially compared with the application and adoption of risk-free rates in other markets, such as the 
derivatives and loan markets. Investors should carefully consider how any mismatch between the adoption 
of such reference rates in the bond, loan and derivatives markets may impact any hedging or other financial 
arrangements which they may put in place in connection with any acquisition, holding or disposal of Notes 
referencing such risk-free rates. 
In particular, investors should be aware that several different methodologies (including ''shift'', ''lag'', and 
''lock-out'' methodologies) have been used in risk-free rate notes issued to date. No assurance can be given 
that any particular methodology, including the compounding formula in the terms and conditions of the 
Notes, will gain widespread market acceptance. In addition, market participants and relevant working 
groups are still exploring alternative reference rates based on risk-free rates, including various ways to 
produce term versions of certain risk-free rates (which seek to measure the market's forward expectation of 
an average of these reference rates over a designated term, as they are overnight rates) or different measures 
of such risk-free rates.

--- Page 60 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
- 45 - 
 
 
If the relevant risk-free rates do not prove to be widely used in securities like the Notes, the trading price 
of such Notes linked to such risk-free rates may be lower than those of Notes referencing indices that are 
more widely used. The nascent development of overnight rates as interest reference rates for the bond 
markets and the market infrastructure for adopting such rates could result in reduced liquidity or increased 
volatility or could otherwise adversely affect the market price of any such Notes issued under the 
Programme from time to time. 
Investors should consider these matters when making their investment decision with respect to any Notes 
which reference SONIA, SOFR, €STR or any related indices. 
Risk-free rates may differ from interbank offered rates in a number of material respects and have a 
limited history. 
Risk-free rates may differ from interbank offered rates in a number of material respects. These include 
(without limitation) being backwards-looking, in most cases, calculated on a compounded or weighted 
average basis, risk-free, overnight rates and, in the case of SOFR, secured, whereas such interbank offered 
rates are generally expressed on the basis of a forward-looking term, are unsecured and include a risk-
element based on interbank lending. As such, investors should be aware that risk-free rates may behave 
materially differently to interbank offered rates as interest reference rates for the Notes. Furthermore, SOFR 
is a secured rate that represents overnight secured funding transactions, and therefore will perform 
differently over time to an unsecured rate. For example, since publication of SOFR began on 3 April 2018, 
daily changes in SOFR have, on occasion, been more volatile than daily changes in comparable benchmarks 
or other market rates. 
Risk-free rates offered as alternatives to interbank offered rates also have a limited history. For that reason, 
future performance of such rates may be difficult to predict based on their limited historical performance. 
The level of such rates during the term of the Notes may bear little or no relation to historical levels. Prior 
observed patterns, if any, in the behaviour of market variables and their relation to such rates such as 
correlations, may change in the future. Investors should not rely on historical performance data as an 
indicator of the future performance of such risk-free rates nor should they rely on any hypothetical data. 
Furthermore, interest on Notes which reference a backwards-looking risk-free rate is only capable of being 
determined immediately prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date. It may be difficult for investors in 
Notes which reference such risk-free rates reliably to estimate the amount of interest which will be payable 
on such Notes, and some investors may be unable or unwilling to trade such Notes without changes to their 
IT systems, both of which could adversely impact the liquidity of such Notes. Further, in contrast to Notes 
linked to interbank offered rates, if Notes referencing backwards-looking rates become due and payable as 
a result of an Event of Default or are otherwise redeemed early on a date which is not an Interest Payment 
Date, the final Rate of Interest Rate payable in respect of such Notes shall be determined by reference to a 
shortened period ending immediately prior to the date on which the Notes become due and payable or are 
scheduled for redemption. 
The administrator of SONIA, SOFR or €STR or any related indices may make changes that could 
change the value of SONIA, SOFR or €STR or any related index, or discontinue SONIA, SOFR or €STR 
or any related index. 
The Bank of England, the Federal Reserve, Bank of New York or the European Central Bank (or their 
successors) as administrators of SONIA (and the SONIA Compounded Index), SOFR (and the SOFR 
Compounded Index) or €STR, respectively, may make methodological or other changes that could change 
the value of these risk-free rates and/or indices, including changes related to the method by which such 
risk-free rate is calculated, eligibility criteria applicable to the transactions used to calculate SONIA, SOFR 
or €STR, or timing related to the publication of SONIA, SOFR or €STR or any related indices. In addition, 
the administrator may alter, discontinue or suspend calculation or dissemination of SONIA, SOFR or €STR 
or any related index (in which case a fallback method of determining the interest rate on the Notes will 
apply). The administrator has no obligation to consider the interests of Noteholders when calculating, 
adjusting, converting, revising or discontinuing any such risk-free rate. 
 
Certain considerations relating to public offers of the Notes. 
If the Notes are distributed by means of a public offer, under certain circumstances indicated in the Issue 
Terms, the Issuer and/or the other entities indicated in the Issue Terms will have the right to withdraw or

--- Page 61 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
- 46 - 
 
 
revoke the offer and the offer will be deemed to be null and void according to the terms indicated in the 
Issue Terms. 
The Issuer and/or the other entities specified in the Issue Terms may terminate the offer early by immediate 
suspension of the acceptance of further subscription requests and by giving notice to the public in 
accordance with the Issue Terms. Any such termination may occur even where the maximum amount for 
subscription in relation to that offer (as specified in the Issue Terms), has not been reached. In such 
circumstances, the early closing of the offer may have an impact on the aggregate number of Notes issued 
and, therefore, may have an adverse effect on the liquidity of the Notes. 
Some information regarding the Notes (e.g. interest rate, settlement date), the offer and/or the listing may 
be determined after the publication of the Issue Terms and will be made public in accordance with the 
procedures set out in the Issue Terms. 
If an investor holds Notes which are not denominated in the investor's home currency, that investor will 
be exposed to movements in exchange rates adversely affecting the value of its holding. In addition, the 
imposition of exchange controls in relation to any Notes could result in an investor not receiving 
payments on those Notes. 
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes in the Specified Notes Currency. This presents certain 
risks relating to currency conversions if an investor's financial activities are denominated principally in a 
currency or currency unit (the "Investor's Currency") other than the Specified Notes Currency. These 
include the risk that exchange rates may significantly change (including changes due to devaluation of the 
Specified Notes Currency or revaluation of the Investor's Currency) and the risk that authorities with 
jurisdiction over the Investor's Currency may impose or modify exchange controls. An appreciation in the 
value of the Investor's Currency relative to the Specified Notes Currency would decrease (1) the Investor's 
Currency equivalent yield on the Notes, (2) the Investor's Currency equivalent value of the principal payable 
on the Notes and (3) the Investor's Currency equivalent market value of the Notes. 
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that 
could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate or the ability of the Issuer to make payments in respect 
of the Notes. As a result, investors may receive less interest or principal than expected, or no interest or 
principal. 
U.S. Hiring Incentives to Restore Employment Act withholding may affect payments on the Notes. 
The U.S. Hiring Incentives to Restore Employment Act imposes a 30% withholding tax on amounts 
attributable to U.S. source dividends that are paid or "deemed paid" under certain financial instruments if 
certain conditions are met (such instruments, "Specified Notes"). If the Issuer or any withholding agent 
determines that withholding is required, neither the Issuer nor any withholding agent will be required to 
pay any additional amounts with respect to amounts so withheld. Prospective investors should refer to the 
section "Taxation - U.S. Hiring Incentives to Restore Employment Act". 
For purposes of withholding under the U.S. Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act, commonly known as 
FATCA, Specified Notes are subject to a different grandfathering rule than other Notes. Prospective 
investors should refer to the section "Taxation---Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act". 
Regulatory initiatives may restrict certain investments and have an adverse impact on the regulatory 
treatment of the Notes. 
In Europe, the U.S. and elsewhere there is increased political and regulatory scrutiny of the derivatives and 
structured securities industries. This has resulted in a raft of measures for increased regulation which are 
currently at various stages of implementation and which may restrict investment in certain Notes, have an 
position for certain investors and/or on the incentives for certain investors 
adverse impact on the regulatory 
to hold Notes and may thereby also affect the liquidity of such Notes in the secondary market. Investors in 
and the Issuer makes no 
the Notes are responsible for analysing their own regulatory position 
representation to any prospective investor or purchaser of the Notes regarding the regulatory treatment of 
their investment at the time of such investment or at any time in the future. Prospective investors should 
mselves aware of the changes and requirements applicable to them, in addition to any 
therefore make the
other applicable regulatory requirements with respect to their investment in the Notes.

--- Page 62 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
- 47 - 
 
 
The value of Fixed Rate Notes may be adversely affected by movements in market interest rates. 
Investment in Fixed Rate Notes involves the risk that if market interest rates subsequently increase above 
the rate paid on the Fixed Rate Notes, this will adversely affect the value of the Fixed Rate Notes. 
Market Disruption Events or Failure to Open of an Exchange. 
If an issue of Reference Item Linked Notes includes provisions dealing with the occurrence of a Market 
Disruption Event or failure to open of an exchange on the Strike Date, a Valuation Date, Observation Date 
or an Averaging Date and the Calculation Agent determines that a Market Disruption Event or failure to 
open of an exchange has occurred or exists on such date, any consequential postponement of the Strike 
Date, Valuation Date, Observation Date or Averaging Date or any alternative provisions for valuation 
provided in any such Notes may have an adverse effect on the value and liquidity of such Notes. The timing 
of such dates (as scheduled or as so postponed or adjusted) may affect the value of the relevant Notes such 
that the Noteholder may receive a lower cash redemption amount and/or interest amount or other payment 
under the relevant Notes than otherwise would have been the case. The occurrence of such a Market 
Disruption Event or failure to open of an exchange in relation to any Reference Item comprising a basket 
may also have such an adverse effect on Notes related to such basket. In addition, any such consequential 
postponement may result in the postponement of the date of redemption of the Notes. 
The relevant market value of the Notes at any time is dependent on other matters in addition to the credit 
risk of the Issuer and the performance of the relevant Reference Item(s). 
The market value of the Notes at any time will be affected by a number of factors independent of the 
creditworthiness of the Issuer and the performance of the relevant Reference Item(s), including: 
 
market interest and yield rates; 
 
the time remaining to any Redemption Date or the Maturity Date; 
 
where the Reference Item(s) is/are equity securities, the dividend rate on Reference Item(s) and the 
financial results and prospects of the issuer of each Reference Item; and 
 
numerous other economic, political and other factors. 
The amount payable and/or deliverable in respect of Notes at any time prior to redemption is typically 
expected to be less than the trading price of such Notes at that time. The difference between the trading 
price and such amount will reflect, among other things, a "time value" for the Notes. The "time value" of 
the Notes will depend partly upon the length of the period remaining to final redemption and expectations 
concerning the value of the relevant Reference Item(s). 
Risks related to withholding tax on Book Entry Notes. 
Under Portuguese law, income derived from the Book Entry Notes integrated in and held through a 
centralised system managed by Portuguese resident entities (such as the Portuguese Centralised System of 
Registration of Securities "Central de Valores Mobiliários", managed by Interbolsa), by other European 
Union or European Economic Area entities that manage international clearing systems (in the latter case if 
there is administrative co-operation for tax purposes with the relevant country which is equivalent to that 
in place within the European Union), or, when authorised by the member of the government in charge of 
finance (currently the Finance Minister), in other centralised systems held by non-resident investors (both 
individual and corporate) eligible for the debt securities special tax exemption regime which was approved 
by Decree-Law No. 193/2005, of 7 November 2005, as amended, ("the special regime approved by 
Decree-Law No. 193/2005") may benefit from withholding tax exemption, provided that certain 
procedures and certification requirements are complied with. 
Failure to comply with procedures, declarations, certifications or others will result in the application of the 
relevant Portuguese domestic withholding tax to the payments without giving rise to an obligation to gross 
up by the Bank. 
It should also be noted that, if interest and other income derived from the Notes is paid or made available 
("colocado à disposição") to accounts in the name of one or more accountholders acting on behalf of 
undisclosed entities (e.g. typically "jumbo" accounts) such income will be subject to withholding tax in

--- Page 63 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
- 48 - 
 
 
Portugal at a rate of 35% unless the beneficial owner of the income is disclosed. Failure by the investors to 
comply with this disclosure obligation will result in the application of the said Portuguese withholding tax 
at a rate of 35% and the Bank will not be required to gross up payments in respect of any withheld accounts 
in accordance with General Condition 6. 
Further, interest and other types of investment income obtained by non-resident holders (individuals or 
legal persons) without a Portuguese permanent establishment to which the income is attributable that are 
domiciled in a country, territory or region included in the "tax havens" list approved by Ministerial Order 
No. 150/2004 of 13 February 2004, as amended from time to time (hereafter "Ministerial Order No. 
150/2004"), is subject to withholding tax at 35%, which is the final tax on that income, unless the special 
regime approved by Decree-Law No. 193/2005 applies and the beneficial owners are central banks and 
government agencies, international organisations recognised by the Portuguese state, residents in a country 
or jurisdiction with which Portugal has entered into a double tax treaty or a tax information exchange 
agreement in force. 
The Bank will not be required to gross up payments in respect of any of such non-resident holders, in 
accordance with General Condition 6. 
See details of the Portuguese taxation regime in "Taxation — Portuguese Taxation". 
Physically Settled Notes. 
In the case of Notes which are redeemable by delivery of assets (other than Credit Linked Notes), if a 
Settlement Disruption Event occurs or exists on the due date for redemption of the Notes, settlement will 
be postponed until the next Settlement Business Day in respect of which there is no Settlement Disruption 
Event. The Issuer in these circumstances also has the right to pay the Disruption Cash Redemption Amount 
in lieu of delivering the Entitlement (as defined in the Terms and Conditions). 
If a Failure to Deliver due to Illiquidity occurs, the Issuer has the right, in lieu of delivery of the assets 
affected by such event, to pay the Failure to Deliver Redemption Amount to the Noteholders. The 
Disruption Cash Redemption Amount and/or the Failure to Deliver Redemption Amount may be less than 
the fair market value of the Entitlement. 
Notes to which Variation of Settlement applies. 
If Variation of Settlement applies, the Issuer has the right to elect to deliver Relevant Assets in lieu of the 
Final Redemption Amount. Noteholders should be aware that in this regard they are exposed to the credit 
risk and performance of the Relevant Assets as to the extent that the value of such Relevant Assets falls 
below the value of the Final Redemption Amount, the Issuer is financially incentivised to exercise its option 
to deliver the Relevant Assets to the Noteholders. If the Relevant Assets are bonds, Noteholders should also 
take note of the fact that if such bond redeems prior to the Maturity Date for any reason, and the Issuer 
elects to vary settlement, the Issuer may deliver the redemption proceeds of such bond, which might be 
substantially less than the nominal amount of the bond. 
Noteholders may be required to pay certain expenses in relation to Notes subject to Physical Delivery 
Holders of Notes subject to Physical Delivery must pay all Expenses relating to delivery of such Notes. As 
defined in the terms and conditions, "Expenses" includes all costs, taxes, duties and/or expenses including 
stamp duty, stamp duty reserve tax and/or other costs, duties or taxes arising from the delivery of the 
Entitlement. 
There are certain requirements to be fulfilled and payments to be made by the Holder in order to receive 
Entitlement(s) in respect of Notes subject to Physical Delivery and the Issuer may decide to settle by way 
of cash payment instead in certain circumstances. 
In order to receive the Entitlement in respect of a Note settled by way of Physical Delivery, the holder of 
such Note must deliver or send to the relevant Clearing System or Principal Paying Agent (as applicable) a 
duly completed Asset Transfer Notice on or prior to the relevant time on the Cut-off Date and pay the 
relevant Expenses. If a Noteholder fails to deliver as required the certification of non-U.S. beneficial 
ownership or certification that it is an eligible investor for U.S. securities law purposes, the Issuer may 
deliver what the Calculation Agent determines to be the fair market value of the Entitlement instead of the 
relevant assets.

--- Page 64 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
- 49 - 
 
 
Certain Considerations Associated with Notes Linked to Emerging Markets. 
The Issuer may issue Notes where the amount payable on redemption or the interest payable is linked to 
Reference Items which consist of (i) securities, funds or indices comprising securities of issuers that are 
located in, or subject to regulation in, emerging or developing countries, or (ii) securities which are 
denominated in the currency of, or are traded in, emerging or developing countries or (iii) currencies of 
emerging or developing countries. Prospective investors should note that additional risks may be associated 
with investment in such Notes, including risks associated with political and economic uncertainty, adverse 
governmental policies, restrictions on foreign investment and currency convertibility, currency exchange 
rate fluctuations, possible lower levels of disclosure and regulation, and uncertainties as to the status, 
interpretation and application of laws including, but not limited to, those relating to expropriation, 
nationalisation and confiscation. Notes traded in emerging or developing countries tend to be less liquid 
and the prices of such securities more volatile. In addition, settlement of trades in some such markets may 
be slower and more subject to failure than in markets in developed countries. 
Prospective purchasers of such Notes should also be aware that the probability of the occurrence of a 
disruption event and consequently loss of investment or profit by an investor may be higher for certain 
developing or emerging markets. Prospective purchasers are expected to conduct their own enquiries and 
be satisfied that there are additional risks associated with investments linked to the performance of 
underlying assets located in these markets. 
Emerging market currencies. 
Where the Notes are denominated in an emerging market currency or linked to one or more emerging 
market currencies, amounts determined to be due or deliverable in respect of such Notes may be 
significantly more volatile and subject to less certainty as to future rates than if the Notes were linked to 
currencies of more developed markets, for example emerging markets` currencies are highly exposed to the 
risk of a currency crisis happening in the future. 
In particular, policies or actions of any relevant governments of the jurisdictions of such emerging markets 
currencies to which the Notes may be linked (the "Currency Jurisdictions") could adversely affect the 
relevant exchange rate(s) (such as through market interventions of their central banks or equivalent bodies; 
governmental action which changes or interferes with currency valuations or currency fluctuations that 
would otherwise occur in response to economic forces; and restrictions on foreign investment and currency 
convertibility or movement across borders). Non-governmental action may also directly or indirectly 
adversely affect the relevant exchange rates (such as through weak overall growth and performance of each 
applicable Currency Jurisdiction's economy and stock exchanges; political, economic and social 
uncertainty, including risks of nationalisation and expropriation of assets and natural disasters; or wars 
which affect any Currency Jurisdiction directly or indirectly). 
Investors should note that the risk of occurrence and the severity of consequence of the matters described 
above may be greater with respect to any emerging market jurisdiction than they otherwise would be in 
relation to more developed countries. Economies in emerging markets are generally more heavily 
dependent upon international trade, and accordingly, may be affected adversely by trade barriers, foreign 
exchange controls (including taxes), managed adjustments in relative currency values and other 
protectionist measures imposed or negotiated with countries with which they trade. 
The occurrence of any of the above circumstances may have an adverse effect on the value of the Notes 
and amounts due (if any) or assets deliverable (if any), or the date for payment thereunder. 
2.2 
Risk Factors that are associated with Notes that are linked to Reference Item(s) 
Risks relating to Reference Item Linked Notes. 
Reference Item Linked Notes are securities which do not provide for predetermined redemption amounts 
and/or interest payments, but amounts payable (whether in respect of principal and/or interest) or 
deliverable will be dependent upon the performance of the Reference Item, or a combination of Reference 
Items, which themselves may contain substantial credit, interest rate, foreign exchange, correlation, time 
value, political and/or other risks.

--- Page 65 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
- 50 - 
 
 
An investment in Reference Item Linked Notes therefore entails significant risks that are not associated 
with similar investments in a conventional fixed or floating rate debt security. These risks include, among 
other things, the possibility that: 
 
the Reference Item may be subject to significant changes, whether due to the composition of any 
such Reference Item itself, or because of fluctuations in value of the Reference Item; 
 
the resulting interest rate will be less (or may be more) than that payable on a conventional debt 
security issued by the Issuer at the same time or they may receive no interest; 
 
the holder of a Reference Item Linked Note could lose all or a substantial portion of the principal 
of such Note (whether payable at maturity or upon redemption or repayment), and, if the principal 
is lost, interest may cease to be payable on such Note; 
 
any Note that is linked to more than one type of Reference Item, or on a formula that encompass 
the risks associated with more than one type of Reference Item, may carry levels of risk that are 
greater than those for Notes that are indexed to one type of Reference Item only; 
 
it may not be possible for investors to hedge their exposure to these various risks relating to 
Reference Item Linked Notes; and 
 
a significant market disruption could mean that any Reference Item ceases to exist. 
The risks reflect the nature of such a Note as an asset which, other factors held constant, tends to decline in 
value over time and which may become worthless when it expires or is redeemed. The risk of the loss of 
some or all of the purchase price of a Reference Item Linked Note upon redemption means that, in order to 
recover and realise a return upon his or her investment, a purchaser of such Note must generally be correct 
about the direction, timing and magnitude of an anticipated change in the value of the relevant Reference 
Item. 
There are specific risks with regard to Notes linked to a combination of Reference Items. 
An investment in Notes that are linked to a combination of Reference Items will entail significant risks not 
associated with an investment in a conventional debt security. A combination of the risks associated to the 
Reference Items may be significantly higher than the risks of each Reference Item considered on its own. 
On redemption of these type of Notes, the Noteholders will receive an amount (if any) or Entitlement (if 
any) determined by reference to the value of a combination of a number of different Reference Items. These 
Notes may pay interest calculated by reference to the value of the combination of a number of Reference 
Items. 
The past performance of a Reference Item is not indicative of future performance. 
Any information about the past performance of the Reference Item at the time of the issuance of the Notes 
should not be regarded as indicative of the range of, or trends in, fluctuations in the Reference Item that 
may occur in the future 
It may not be possible to use the Notes as a perfect hedge against the market risk associated with investing 
in a Reference Item. 
Potential purchasers intending to purchase Notes to hedge against the market risk associated with investing 
in a Reference Item should recognise the complexities of utilising Notes in this manner. For example, the 
value of the Notes may not exactly match the value of the Reference Item. Due to fluctuating supply and 
demand for the Notes, there is no assurance that their value will match movements in the value of the 
Reference Item. For these reasons, among others, it may not be possible to purchase or liquidate Notes in a 
portfolio at the prices used to calculate the value of any Reference Item. 
There may be regulatory consequences for a Holder of Reference Item Linked Notes. 
There may be regulatory and other consequences associated with the ownership by certain investors of 
certain Reference Item Linked Notes. Each purchaser of Notes must conduct its own investigation into its 
regulatory position with respect to the potential purchase of Notes, and none of the Issuer, the Dealer or the 
Arranger assumes any obligation or liability whatsoever to such purchaser in such regard.

--- Page 66 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
- 51 - 
 
 
No rights of ownership in the Reference Item(s). 
Purchasers of Notes should be aware that the Issuer is under no obligation to hold a position in any 
Reference Item(s) and should note that the relevant Reference Item(s) that may be held by the Issuer will 
not be held by the Issuer for the benefit of the purchasers of such Notes and, as such, Noteholders will not 
obtain any rights of ownership, including, without limitation, any voting rights, any rights to receive 
dividends or other distributions or any other rights with respect to any Reference Item referenced by such 
Notes. For the avoidance of doubt, no affiliate of the Issuer is under any obligation whatsoever to acquire 
and/or hold any Reference Item. 
2.3 
Risk Factors associated with Notes that are linked to one or more specific types of Reference 
Items 
There are certain factors which are material for the purpose of assessing the risks associated with an 
investment in Notes issued under the Programme. Such factors will vary depending on the type of Notes 
issued, in particular in relation to Notes in respect of which the interest and/or redemption amount is linked 
to the value of one or more index, share, inflation index, unit, interest or share in a fund, the credit of one 
or more reference entity, foreign exchange rate or the combination of any of the foregoing. 
Risks relating to Index Linked Notes. 
The Issuer may issue Notes where the Final Redemption Amount or the amount of principal and/or interest 
payable is dependent upon the level of an index or indices ("Index Linked Notes"). 
Potential investors in any such Notes should be aware that depending on the terms of the Index Linked 
Notes (i) they may receive no or a limited amount of interest, (ii) payment of principal or interest may occur 
at a different time than expected and (iii) they may lose all or a substantial portion of their investment if the 
value of the index/indices does not move in the anticipated direction. In addition, movements in the level 
of the index or indices may be subject to significant fluctuations that may not correlate with changes in 
interest rates, currencies or other indices and the timing of changes in the relevant level of the index or 
indices may affect the actual yield to investors, even if the average level is consistent with their 
expectations. In general, the earlier the change in the level of an index or result of a formula, the greater the 
effect on yield. 
If the Final Redemption Amount or the amount of principal and/or interest payable are determined in 
conjunction with a multiplier greater than one or by reference to some other leverage factor, the effect of 
changes in the level of the index or the indices on principal or interest payable and therefore on the amount 
of potential losses incurred, will be magnified. 
The market price of such Notes may be volatile and may depend on the time remaining to the redemption 
date and the volatility of the level of the index or indices. The level of the index or indices may be affected 
by the economic, financial and political events in one or more jurisdictions, including the stock exchange(s) 
or quotation system(s) on which any securities comprising the index or indices may be traded. The index 
may reference equities, bonds or other securities, or it may be a property index referencing certain property 
price data which will be subject to market price fluctuations. A property index may include valuations only 
and not actual transactions and the property data sources used to compile the index may be subject to 
change, which may adversely affect the return on the Notes. 
Adjustment to indices for Index Linked Notes 
If an index adjustment event (as described in "Additional Terms and Conditions for Index Linked Notes") 
occurs the Issuer may require the Calculation Agent to make such adjustments as it determines appropriate 
to the terms of the Notes or redeem the Notes. Such action may have an adverse effect on the value and 
liquidity of the affected Reference Item Linked Notes. 
Returns on the Notes do not reflect direct investment in underlying shares or other assets comprising the 
index 
The return payable on Notes that reference indices may not reflect the return a purchaser would realise if 
the Noteholder actually owned the relevant assets comprising the components of the index. For example, if 
the components of the indices are shares, Noteholders will not receive any dividends paid on those shares 
and will not participate in the return on those dividends unless the relevant index takes such dividends into

--- Page 67 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
- 52 - 
 
 
account for purposes of calculating the relevant level. Similarly, Noteholders will not have any voting rights 
in the underlying shares or any other assets which may comprise the components of the relevant index. 
Accordingly, purchasers in Notes that reference indices as Reference Item may receive a lower payment 
upon redemption of such Notes than such purchaser would have received if the Noteholder had invested in 
the components of the index directly. 
A change in the composition or discontinuance of an index could adversely affect the market value of the 
Notes 
The sponsor of any index can add, delete or substitute the components of such index or make other 
methodological changes that could change the level of one or more components. The changing of 
components of any index may affect the level of such index as a newly added component may perform 
significantly worse or better than the component it replaces, which in turn may affect the payments made 
by the Issuer to the purchasers of the Notes. The sponsor of any such index may also alter, discontinue or 
suspend calculation or dissemination of such index. The sponsor of an index will have no involvement in 
the offer and sale of the Notes and will have no obligation to any purchaser of such Notes. The sponsor of 
an index may take any actions in respect of such index without regard to the interests of the purchasers of 
the Notes, and any of these actions could adversely affect the market value of the Notes. 
Risks relating to Equity Linked Notes. 
The Issuer may issue Equity Linked Notes where the amount of principal and/or interest payable are 
dependent upon the price of or changes in the price of shares or a basket of shares (or depositary receipts) 
or, depending on the price of or change in the price of shares or the basket of shares (or depositary receipts), 
where the Issuer's obligation on redemption is to deliver a specified number of shares ("Equity Linked 
Notes"). Accordingly an investment in Equity Linked Notes may bear similar market risks to a direct equity 
investment and potential investors should take advice accordingly. 
Potential investors in any such Notes should be aware that depending on the terms of the Equity Linked 
Notes (i) they may receive no or a limited amount of interest, (ii) payment of principal or interest or delivery 
of any specified shares and/or depositary receipts may occur at a different time than expected and (iii) they 
may lose all or a substantial portion of their investment if the value of the share(s) and/or depositary 
receipt(s) does not move in the anticipated direction. In addition, the movements in the price of the share 
or depositary receipt or basket of shares and/or depositary receipts may be subject to significant fluctuations 
that may not correlate with changes in interest rates, currencies or other indices and the timing of changes 
in the relevant price of the share or shares may affect the actual yield to investors, even if the average level 
is consistent with their expectations. In general, the earlier the change in the price of the share(s) and/or 
depositary receipt(s), the greater the effect on yield. 
If the amount of principal and/or interest payable are determined in conjunction with a multiplier greater 
than one or by reference to some other leverage factor, the effect of changes in the price of the share or 
shares on principal or interest payable will be magnified. See also risk factor "Risk of leveraged exposure" 
above. 
The market price of such Notes may be volatile and may be affected by the time remaining to the redemption 
date, the volatility of the share(s) and/or depositary receipt(s), the dividend rate (if any) and the financial 
results and prospects of the issuer or issuers of the relevant share(s) or depositary receipt(s) as well as 
economic, financial and political events in one or more jurisdictions, including factors affecting the stock 
exchange(s) or quotation system(s) on which any such shares or depositary receipts may be traded. 
A holder of the Notes will not be a beneficial owner of the underlying equity securities (or depositary 
receipts) and therefore will not be entitled to receive any dividends or similar amounts paid on the 
underlying equity securities, nor will a Noteholder be entitled to purchase the underlying equity securities 
(or depositary receipts) by virtue of their ownership of the Notes. Moreover, holders of the Notes will not 
be entitled to any voting rights or other control rights that holders of the underlying equity securities may 
have with respect to the issuer of such underlying equity securities. Unless otherwise specified in the Issue 
Terms, the Interest Amount and/or Final Redemption Amount will not reflect the payment of any dividends 
on the underlying equity securities. Accordingly, the return on the Notes will not reflect the return an 
investor would realise if it actually owned the underlying equity securities and received dividends, if any, 
paid on those securities. Therefore, the yield to maturity based on the methodology for calculating the Final

--- Page 68 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
- 53 - 
 
 
Redemption Amount will not be the same yield as would be produced if the underlying equity securities 
were purchased directly and held for a similar period. 
Determinations made by the Calculation Agent in respect of Potential Adjustment Events, Extraordinary 
Events and Additional Disruption Events may have an adverse effect on the value of the Notes 
Upon determining that a Potential Adjustment Event, Extraordinary Event or Additional Disruption Event 
has occurred in relation to an underlying share or the issuer of such underlying share, the Calculation Agent 
has broad discretion to make certain determinations to account for such event including to (i) make 
adjustments to the terms of the Notes and/or (ii) (in the case of an Extraordinary Event or an Additional 
Disruption Event) cause early redemption of the Notes, any of which determinations may have an adverse 
effect on the value of the Notes. 
Potential Adjustment Events (as defined in Equity Linked Condition 2) include (a) a sub-division, 
consolidation or re-classification of the relevant shares or a free distribution, or dividend of any such Shares 
to existing holders of the relevant shares by way of bonus, capitalisation or similar issue, (b) a distribution, 
issue or dividend to existing holders of the relevant shares of certain share capital or securities, (c) an 
extraordinary dividend, (d) a call by a Basket Company or Share Company, as the case may be, in respect 
of relevant shares that are not fully paid (e) a repurchase by the Basket Company or its subsidiaries or Share 
Company or its subsidiaries, as the case may be, of relevant shares, (f) in the case of a Basket Company or 
a Share Company an event that results in any shareholder rights being distributed or becoming separated 
from shares of common stock or other shares of the capital stock of such Basket Company or Share 
Company, (g) any adjustment effected as a result of any shareholder rights plan or arrangement described 
in (f) and (h) any other event having a dilutive or concentrative effect on the value of the shares. 
Extraordinary Events include (a) a delisting of the shares on an exchange, (b) illiquidity (c) an insolvency 
(where all the shares of the issuer of the underlying shares are transferred to a trustee, liquidator or similar 
official or may not be legally transferred) or bankruptcy of the issuer of the shares, (d) a listing change; (e) 
a listing suspension; (f) a merger event entailing the consolidation of the shares with those of another entity, 
(g) a nationalisation of the issuer of the shares or transfer of the shares to a governmental entity and (h) a 
tender offer or takeover offer that results in transfer of the shares to another entity. 
Additional Disruption Event means any of Change of Law, Failure to Deliver, Hedging Disruption, 
Increased Cost of Hedging, Increased Cost of Stock Borrow, Insolvency Filing, Stop-Loss Event and/or 
Loss of Stock Borrow, in each case if specified in the Issue Terms. 
Holders may receive physical delivery of Shares in lieu of payment of cash amounts 
Where the Notes include the right of the Issuer, subject to the fulfilment of a particular condition, to redeem 
the Notes at their maturity by delivering Shares to the purchaser of such Notes, the purchasers will receive 
such Shares rather than a monetary amount upon maturity. Holders will, therefore, be exposed to the issuer 
of such Shares and the risks associated with such Shares. Noteholders should not assume that they will be 
able to sell such Shares for a specific price after the redemption of the Notes, and in particular not for the 
purchase price of the Notes. Under certain circumstances the Shares may only have a very low value or 
may, in fact, be worthless, in which case see risk factor "Investors may lose the original invested amount" 
above. Holders may also be subject to certain documentary or stamp taxes in relation to the delivery and/or 
disposal of such Shares. 
Risks relating to Inflation Linked Notes. 
The Issuer may issue Notes where the amount of principal and/or interest payable is dependent upon the 
level of an inflation index or indices ("Inflation Linked Notes"). 
Potential investors in any such Notes should be aware that depending on the terms of the Inflation Linked 
Notes (i) they may receive no or a limited amount of interest, (ii) payment of principal or interest may occur 
at a different time than expected and (iii) they may lose all or a substantial portion of their investment. In 
addition, the movements in the level of the inflation index or indices may be subject to significant 
fluctuations that may not correlate with changes in interest rates, currencies or other indices and the timing 
of changes in the relevant level of the inflation index or indices may affect the actual yield to investors, 
even if the average level is consistent with their expectations. In general, the earlier the change in the level 
of an inflation index or result of a formula, the greater the effect on yield.

--- Page 69 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
- 54 - 
 
 
In certain circumstances following cessation of publication of the inflation index, the Calculation Agent 
may determine that there is no appropriate alternative inflation index, in which case the Issuer may redeem 
the Notes. Such action may have an effect on the value of the Notes. 
If the amount of principal and/or interest payable are determined in conjunction with a multiplier greater 
than one or by reference to some other leverage factor, the effect of changes in the level of the inflation 
index or the indices on principal or interest payable will be magnified. See also risk factor "Risk of leveraged 
exposure" above. 
The market price of such Notes may be volatile and may depend on the time remaining to the redemption 
date and the volatility of the level of the inflation index or indices. The level of the inflation index or indices 
may be affected by the economic, financial and political events in one or more jurisdictions. 
Risks relating to Fund Linked Notes. 
The Issuer may issue Notes where the amount of principal and/or interest payable are dependent upon the 
price or changes in the price of units or shares in a fund or funds (including exchange traded fund(s)) or, 
depending on the price or changes in the price of units or shares in such fund or funds, where the Issuer's 
obligation on redemption is to deliver a specified amount of fund shares ("Fund Linked Notes"). 
Accordingly an investment in Fund Linked Notes may bear similar market risks to a direct fund investment 
and potential investors should take advice accordingly. Prospective investors in any such Notes should be 
aware that depending on the terms of the Fund Linked Notes (i) they may receive no or a limited amount 
of interest, (ii) payment of principal or interest or delivery of any specified Fund Shares may occur at a 
different time than expected and (iii) they may lose all or a substantial portion of their investment. In 
addition, the movements in the price of units, shares or interests in the fund or funds may be subject to 
significant fluctuations that may not correlate with changes in interest rates, currencies or other indices and 
the timing of changes in the relevant price of the units or shares in the fund or funds may affect the actual 
yield to investors, even if the average level is consistent with their expectations. In general, the earlier the 
change in the price or prices of the units, shares or interests in the fund or funds, the greater the effect on 
yield. 
Prospective investors should also be aware that in the event of the occurrence of one or more Extraordinary 
Fund Events, the Issuer may substitute the relevant Fund Shares with fund shares of a fund with similar 
characteristics or, if no such fund is selected, with a replacement index, or redeem the Notes depending on 
whether such Extraordinary Fund Event is a Substitution Event or a Termination Event. 
In the event that redemption proceeds in respect of the underlying Fund Shares are not received by the 
hedge provider on or prior to the Scheduled Maturity Date or Termination Date, such date may be postponed 
for a period of up to two calendar years (or such other period as may be specified in the Issue Terms) and 
no additional amount shall be payable as a result of such delay. 
If the amount of principal and/or interest payable are determined in conjunction with a multiplier greater 
than one or by reference to some other leverage factor, the effect of changes in the price of the units or 
shares of the fund or funds on principal or interest payable will be magnified. See also risk factor "Risk of 
leveraged exposure" above. 
The market price of such Notes may be volatile and may depend on the time remaining to the redemption 
date and the volatility of the price of units or shares in the fund or funds. The price of units or shares in a 
fund may be affected by the economic, financial and political events in one or more jurisdictions, including 
factors affecting the exchange(s) or quotation system(s) on which any units in the fund or funds may be 
traded. In addition, the price of units or shares in a fund may be affected by the performance of the fund 
service providers, and, in particular, the investment advisor. Prospective investors should review carefully 
the prospectus, information memorandum and/or base prospectus (if any) issued by any relevant fund 
before purchasing any Notes. None of the Issuer, any affiliate of the Issuer or the Calculation Agent make 
any representation as to the creditworthiness of any relevant fund or any such fund's administrative, 
custodian, investment manager or adviser. 
Where the Issuer issues Fund Linked Notes linked to one or more funds, including hedge funds, the relevant 
Notes reflect the performance of such fund(s).

--- Page 70 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
- 55 - 
 
 
Funds may trade and invest in a broad range of investments such as debt and equity securities, commodities 
or commodity indices and foreign exchange and may enter into derivative transactions, including, without 
limitation, futures and options. Funds may often be illiquid and may only be traded on a monthly, quarterly 
or even less frequent basis. The trading strategies of funds are often opaque. Funds, as well as the markets 
and instruments in which they invest, are often not subject to review by governmental authorities, self-
regulatory organisations or other supervisory authorities. 
Holders may receive physical delivery of Fund Shares in lieu of payment of cash amounts 
Where the Notes include the right of the Issuer, subject to the fulfilment of a particular condition, to redeem 
the Notes at their maturity by delivering Fund Shares to the purchaser of such Notes, the purchasers will 
receive such Fund Shares rather than a monetary amount upon maturity. Holders will, therefore, be exposed 
to the issuer of such Fund Shares and the risks associated with such Fund Shares. The purchaser should not 
assume that the Noteholder will be able to sell such Fund Shares for a specific price after the redemption 
of the Notes, and in particular not for the purchase price of the Notes. Under certain circumstances the Fund 
Shares may only have a very low value or may, in fact, be worthless, in which case see risk factor "Investors 
may lose the original invested amount" above. Holders may also be subject to certain documentary or stamp 
taxes in relation to the delivery and/or disposal of such Fund Shares. 
For all the above reasons, investing directly or indirectly in funds is generally considered to be risky. If the 
underlying fund does not perform sufficiently well, the value of the Notes will fall, and may in certain 
circumstances be zero. 
Risks relating to Credit Linked Notes. 
The Issuer may issue Notes where the amount of principal and/or interest payable is dependent upon 
whether certain events ("Credit Events") have occurred in respect of one or more entities (together 
"Reference Entities" and each, a "Reference Entity") and, if so, on the value of certain specified assets of 
such Reference Entity(ies) or, where, if such events have occurred, the Issuer's obligation is to deliver 
certain specified assets upon redemption of the Notes. 
An investment in Credit Linked Notes will entail significant risks not associated with a conventional fixed 
rate or floating rate debt security. Such risks include exposure to the credit risk of the particular Reference 
Entity or basket of Reference Entities (and, where applicable, one or more specific reference obligations) 
in addition to that of the Issuer. Depending on the manner in which the particular series of Credit Linked 
Notes is linked to the credit of a Reference Entity or basket of Reference Entities, a fall in the 
creditworthiness of a particular Reference Entity (or where perceptions worsen regarding the 
creditworthiness of a particular Reference Entity), may greatly reduce the market value of the related Notes 
and any payments of principal or interest then due. If a series of Credit Linked Notes is linked to the credit 
risk of a single Reference Entity, then the investors in the Notes will have a concentration risk compared to 
a more broadly weighted basket. If a series of Notes is linked to a basket of Reference Entities, a credit 
deterioration in one reference entity may however be strongly correlated with credit deterioration of other 
reference entities included in the basket, resulting in substantial decreases over a relatively short period of 
time in the market value of the related Notes and any payments of principal or interest then due. 
Generally, the Credit Linked Notes may be redeemed prior to their scheduled maturity, for a number of 
reasons, including following a Credit Event, or certain early redemption events such a disruption events 
specified in the relevant Conditions for those Notes. Early redemption may result in Noteholders receiving 
a lower return on investment and in some circumstances may result in a loss of part or all of their investment. 
Prospective investors should consider reinvestment risk in light of other investments available at that time. 
However, where (a) Maturity Credit Redemption applies or (b) the Notes are Non-Tranched Linear Basket 
Credit Linked Notes where Credit Payment on Maturity applies (as defined in "Additional Terms and 
Conditions for Credit Linked Notes"  specified in the applicable Issue Terms), the maturity of the Credit 
Linked Notes may be delayed until scheduled maturity of the Credit Linked Notes despite the occurrence 
of a Credit Event. Scheduled maturity may occur significantly after the occurrence of the relevant Credit 
Event and unless so elected in the applicable Issue Terms no further interest will be payable during this 
period. Where the Notes are Tranched Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes, maturity of the Credit Linked 
Notes may also be delayed until scheduled maturity of the Credit Linked Notes, notwithstanding that this 
may occur a significant time following the occurrence of the relevant Credit Event(s).

--- Page 71 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
- 56 - 
 
 
Following the occurrence of a Credit Event Determination Date with respect to a number of Reference 
Entities that is greater than the L (being the lower tranche) number of Reference Entities specified in the 
Issue Terms and each subsequent Credit Event Determination Date thereafter, interest will accrue on a 
decreased nominal amount of the Notes until a Credit Event Determination Date has occurred with respect 
to a number of Reference Entities that is equal to or greater than the H (being the higher tranche) number 
of Reference Entities specified in the Issue Terms and at which point no further amounts shall be due in 
respect of the Notes. 
Prospective investors in any such Notes should be aware that depending on the terms of the Credit Linked 
Notes (i) they may receive no or a limited amount of interest, (ii) payment of principal or interest or delivery 
of any specified assets may occur at a different time than expected and (iii) they may lose all or a substantial 
portion of their investment. 
The market price of such Notes may be volatile and will be affected by, amongst other things, the time 
remaining to the redemption date and the creditworthiness of the reference entity which in turn may be 
affected by the economic, financial and political events in one or more jurisdictions. 
The holders of Credit Linked Notes will be exposed to the credit of one or more Reference Entities, which 
exposure shall be, unless otherwise stated in the Issue Terms, to the full extent of their investment in such 
Notes. Upon the occurrence of any of the default events comprising a Credit Event with respect to any 
Reference Entity, the Noteholders may suffer significant losses at a time when losses may be suffered by a 
direct investor in obligations of such Reference Entity. However, the holding of a Note is unlikely to lead 
to outcomes which exactly reflect the impact of investing in an obligation of a Reference Entity, and losses 
could be considerably greater than would be suffered by a direct investor in the obligations of a Reference 
Entity and/or could arise for reasons unrelated to such Reference Entity. Noteholders should also note that 
a Credit Event may occur even if the obligations of a Reference Entity are unenforceable or their 
performance is prohibited by any applicable law or exchange controls. See also the risk factor "Risk of 
leveraged exposure" above. 
Where cash settlement or auction settlement applies, the occurrence of a Credit Event in relation to any 
Reference Entity from time to time may result in a redemption of the Notes in a reduced nominal amount 
or at zero, and interest bearing Credit Linked Notes may cease to bear interest on or prior to the date of 
occurrence of such circumstance. 
Where physical settlement applies, the occurrence of a Credit Event may result in the redemption of the 
Notes by delivery of certain direct or indirect obligations of the affected Reference Entity, which obligations 
are likely to have a market value which is substantially less than their par amount. Where the Notes provide 
for physical delivery, the Issuer may determine that the specified assets to be delivered are either (a) assets 
which, for any reason (including, without limitation, failure of the relevant clearance system or due to any 
law, regulation, court order or market conditions or the non-receipt of any requisite consents with respect 
to the delivery of assets which are loans), are impossible or illegal to deliver on the specified settlement 
date, or (b) assets which the Issuer and/or any affiliate has not received under the terms of any transaction 
entered into by the Issuer and/or such affiliate to hedge the Issuer's obligations in respect of the Notes. Any 
such determination may delay settlement in respect of the Notes and/or cause the obligation to deliver such 
specified assets to be replaced by an obligation to pay a cash amount which, in either case, may affect the 
value of the Notes and, in the case of payment of a cash amount, will affect the timing of the valuation of 
such Notes and as a result, the amount of principal payable on redemption. Prospective Investors should 
review the "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" and the Issue Terms to ascertain whether and how such 
provisions should apply to the Notes. 
Investors in the Notes are accordingly exposed, as to both principal and (if applicable) interest, to the credit 
risk of the Reference Entity. The maximum loss to an investor in the Notes is 100% of their initial principal 
investment, together with (if applicable) any accrued interest amounts. 
A Credit Event may occur prior to the Trade Date 
Holders of the Notes may suffer a loss of some or all principal amount of the Notes in respect of one or 
more Credit Events that occur prior to the Trade Date or the Issue Date. Neither the Calculation Agent nor 
the Issuer nor any of their respective Affiliates has any responsibility to inform any Noteholder, or avoid 
or mitigate the effects of a Credit Event that has taken place prior to the Trade Date or the Issue Date.

--- Page 72 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
- 57 - 
 
 
Increased credit risk is associated with "First-to-Default" or "Nth-to-Default" Credit Linked Notes or 
Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes 
Where the Notes are First-to-Default or Nth-to-Default Credit Linked Notes or Non-Tranched Linear 
Basket Credit Linked Notes, where Credit Payment As You Go applies, the Notes may be subject to 
redemption in full as described above upon the occurrence of a Credit Event in relation to the first or the 
nth or each Reference Entity in respect of which a Credit Event occurs. Where the Notes are Tranched 
Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes, the redemption amount of the Notes will only be reduced above upon 
the occurrence of a Credit Event in relation to a number greater than the L (being the lower tranche level) 
number of Reference Entities specified in the Issue Terms but will be subject to redemption in full as 
described above upon the occurrence of a Credit Event in relation to a number equal to or greater than the 
H (being the higher tranche level) number of Reference Entities specified in the Issue Terms. The credit 
risk to Noteholders may further be increased as a result of the concentration of Reference Entities in a 
particular industry sector or geographic area or the exposure of the Reference Entities to similar financial 
or other risks. 
Investors' exposure to the credit performance of the Reference Entities may not correspond to actual market 
recovery on such Reference Entities, including for Zero/Set Recovery Notes and Tranched Linear Credit 
Linked Notes. 
Interest and principal repayments on the Notes may be calculated by reference to the Outstanding Nominal 
Amount of the Notes. As at the Issue Date the Outstanding Nominal Amount is an amount equal to the 
Aggregate Nominal Amount. If a Credit Event occurs in respect of a Reference Entity, then the Outstanding 
Nominal Amount may be reduced by an amount equal to a predefined portion of the Aggregate Nominal 
Amount which may be zero irrespective of the actual market recovery in respect of such Reference Entity. 
Therefore investors' exposure to each Reference Entity may exceed the exposure that they might incur in 
respect of having entered into a standard single name credit default swap as protection seller in respect of 
each Reference Entity and investors may lose the entire principal amount invested. 
Amendment of Credit Linked Conditions in accordance with market convention 
The Calculation Agent may from time to time amend any provision of the Credit Linked Conditions to 
incorporate and/or reflect further or alternative documents or protocols from time to time published by 
ISDA with respect to the settlement of credit derivative transactions and/or the operation or application of 
determinations by the ISDA Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees which the Calculation Agent 
and the Issuer determine in a commercially reasonable manner are necessary to reflect or govern market 
practice for credit derivative transactions or hedging arrangements of the Issuer. 
ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions 
Whilst there are many similarities between the terms used in this Base Prospectus, there are many 
substantial differences and a prospective investor should understand that the complete terms and conditions 
of the Notes are as set out in this Base Prospectus and the applicable Issue Terms and that the 2014 ISDA 
Definitions are not incorporated by reference herein. Consequently, investing in Credit Linked Notes is not 
necessarily equivalent to investing a credit default swap that incorporates either the 2003 ISDA Definitions 
or the 2014 ISDA Definitions. 
While ISDA has published and, where appropriate, supplemented the 2014 ISDA Definitions in order to 
facilitate transactions and promote uniformity in the credit derivatives market, the credit derivatives market 
has evolved over time and is expected to continue to change. Consequently, the 2014 ISDA Definitions and 
the terms applied to credit derivatives generally, including Credit Linked Notes are subject to further 
evolution. Past events have shown that the view of market participants may differ as to how either set of 
the ISDA Definitions operate or should operate. As a result of the continued evolution of the market, the 
Credit Linked Notes may not conform to future market standards. Such a result may have a negative impact 
on the Credit Linked Notes and there can be no assurances that changes to the terms applicable to credit 
derivatives generally will be predicable or favourable to the Issuer or the Noteholders. 
Risks relating to Auction Settlement of Credit Linked Notes 
Where an Auction Final Price Determination Date occurs in respect of Credit Linked Notes, the Auction 
Final Price will be determined according to an auction procedure set out in the applicable Transaction

--- Page 73 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
- 58 - 
 
 
Auction Settlement Terms, a form of which will be published by ISDA on its website at www.isda.org (or 
any successor website thereto) from time to time and may be amended from time to time. The Auction Final 
Price determined pursuant to an auction may be less than the market value that would otherwise have been 
determined in respect of the relevant Reference Obligation. 
The Issuer and the Noteholders may have little or no influence in outcome of any such auction. However, 
there is a possibility that the Issuer or the Calculation Agent (or one of their Affiliates) would act as a 
participating bidder in any such auction. In such capacity, it may take certain actions which may influence 
the Auction Final Price including (without limitation): (a) providing rates of conversion to determine the 
applicable currency conversion rates to be used to convert any obligations which are not denominated in 
the auction currency into such currency for the purposes of the auction; and (b) submitting bids, offers and 
physical settlement requests with respect to the relevant Deliverable Obligations. In deciding whether to 
take any such action (or whether to act as a participating bidder in any auction), neither the Issuer nor the 
Calculation Agent (or any of their Affiliates) shall be under any obligation to consider the interests of any 
Noteholder. 
Risks relating to Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Notes. 
The Issuer may issue Notes where the amount of principal and/or interest payable are dependent upon 
movements in currency exchange rates or are payable in one or more currencies which may be different 
from the currency in which the Notes are denominated ("Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Notes"). 
Accordingly an investment in Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Notes may bear similar market risks to a direct 
foreign exchange investment and potential investors should take advice accordingly. 
Potential investors in any such Notes should be aware that, depending on the terms of the Foreign Exchange 
(FX) Rate Notes (i) they may receive no or a limited amount of interest, (ii) payment of principal or interest 
or delivery of assets may occur at a different time or in a different currency than expected and (iii) they 
may lose a substantial portion or all of their investment. In addition, movements in currency exchange rates 
may be subject to significant fluctuations that may not correlate with changes in interest rates or other 
indices and the timing of changes in the exchange rates may affect the actual yield to investors, even if the 
average level is consistent with their expectations. In general, the earlier the change in currency exchange 
rates, the greater the effect on yield. 
The foreign exchange rate(s) to which the Notes are linked will affect the nature and value of the investment 
return on the Notes. The performance of foreign exchange rates are dependent upon the supply and demand 
for currencies in the international foreign exchange markets, which are subject to economic factors, 
including inflation rates in the countries concerned, interest rate differences between the respective 
countries, economic forecasts, international political factors, currency convertibility and safety of making 
financial investments in the currency concerned, speculation and measures taken by governments and 
central banks. Such measures include, without limitation, imposition of regulatory controls or taxes, 
issuance of a new currency to replace an existing currency, alteration of the exchange rate or exchange 
characteristics by devaluation or revaluation of a currency or imposition of exchange controls with respect 
to the exchange or transfer of a specified currency that would affect exchange rates and the availability of 
a specified currency. Where the Notes are linked to the currency of an emerging market jurisdiction, such 
risks may be magnified – see also risk factor "Emerging Market Currencies" above. 
If the amount of principal and/or interest payable are dependent upon movements in currency exchange 
rates and are determined in conjunction with a multiplier greater than one or by reference to some other 
leverage factor, the effect of changes in the currency exchange rates on principal or interest payable will be 
magnified. See also risk factor "Risk of leveraged exposure" above. 
Payments of principal and interest or other obligations of the Issuer in respect of any Foreign Exchange 
(FX) Rate Notes may be restricted or varied upon the occurrence of certain disruption events applicable to 
the Notes. A relevant disruption event for an exchange rate may relate to inability to obtain a price for the 
exchange rate from the applicable price source(s), illiquidity, the split of any relevant currency into a dual 
exchange rate, inconvertibility, non-transferability, a material change in circumstances in the jurisdiction 
of the Subject Currency that makes it impossible to fulfil certain hedging arrangements, a nationalisation 
or variations in the prices quoted for the exchange on different sources being greater than a specified 
percentage threshold (or not quoted for by members of a survey used to determine such source) if specified 
for that rate in the terms and conditions of the Notes and/or the Issue Terms.

--- Page 74 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
- 59 - 
 
 
Following a relevant disruption event, the applicable valuation date may be postponed so long as the 
relevant disruption event continues, the Calculation Agent may determine the applicable exchange rate, the 
Notes may be redeemed early (or on the originally designated date) by payment of the applicable early 
redemption amount rather than any amount that would have otherwise been calculated in respect of and due 
on the relevant date, the related date for payment or delivery may be deferred so long as the relevant 
disruption event continues or a fallback reference price source or sources may be used to calculate the rate 
instead of the originally designated price source. Potential investors in any Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate 
Notes should ensure that they have read and understood the terms and conditions of such Notes to 
understand which disruption events apply (and the consequences thereof) and should ensure that they are 
willing to accept the related risks prior to investing in the Notes, which risks include an adverse effect on 
(i) the value of, and/or amounts or assets due in respect of, the Notes due to the occurrence of any disruption 
event and application of the related disruption fallback(s); or (ii) an investor's investment schedule, 
timetable or plans if any due date for payment and/or delivery under the Notes is postponed as a 
consequence of a disruption event. 
Notes which are issued at a substantial discount of premium may experience price volatility in response 
to changes in market interest rates. 
The market values of Notes issued at a substantial discount (such as Zero Coupon Notes) or premium from 
their principal amount tend to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices 
for conventional interest-bearing securities. Generally, the longer the remaining term of the securities, the 
greater the price volatility as compared to conventional interest-bearing securities with comparable 
maturities. 
There are specific risks with regard to Floating Rate Notes. 
A key difference between Floating Rate Notes and Fixed Rate Notes is that interest income on Floating 
Rate Notes cannot be anticipated. Due to varying interest income, investors are not able to determine a 
definite yield of Floating Rate Notes at the time they purchase them, so that their return on investment 
cannot be compared with that of investments having longer fixed interest periods. If the "Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes" provide for frequent interest payment dates, investors are exposed to the 
reinvestment risk if market interest rates decline. That is, investors may reinvest the interest income paid to 
them only at the relevant lower interest rates then prevailing. In addition, the Issuer's ability to issue Fixed 
Rate Notes may affect the market value and secondary market (if any) of the Floating Rate Notes (and vice 
versa). 
2.4 
Market Factors 
An active secondary market in respect of the Notes may never be established or may be illiquid and this 
would adversely affect the value at which an investor could sell his Notes. 
Notes may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop. If a market does 
develop, it may not be very liquid and may be sensitive to changes in financial markets. Therefore, investors 
may not be able to sell their Notes easily or at prices that will provide them with a yield comparable to 
similar investments that have a developed secondary market. This is particularly the case should the Issuer 
be in financial distress, which may result in any sale of the Notes having to be at a substantial discount to 
their principal amount or for Notes that are especially sensitive to interest rate, currency or market risks, 
are designed for specific investment objectives or strategies or have been structured to meet the investment 
requirements of limited categories of investors. These types of Notes generally would have a more limited 
secondary market and more price volatility than conventional debt securities. Illiquidity may have a 
severely adverse effect on the market value of Notes. 
There may be price discrepancies with respect to the Notes as between various dealers or other 
purchasers in the secondary market. 
If at any time a third party dealer quotes a price to purchase Notes or otherwise values Notes, that price 
may be significantly different (higher or lower) from any price quoted by any affiliate of the Issuer. 
Furthermore, if any Noteholder sells their Notes, the Noteholder will likely be charged a commission for 
secondary market transactions, or the price may reflect a dealer discount.

--- Page 75 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
- 60 - 
 
 
2.5 
Potential Conflicts of Interest 
The Issuer is subject to various potential conflicts of interest in respect of the Notes, which could have an 
adverse effect on the Notes. 
The Issuer and its affiliates may take positions in or deal with Reference Item(s). 
The Issuer and its affiliates may: 
 
in the ordinary course of business, effect transactions for their own account or for the account of 
their customers and hold long or short positions in the Reference Item(s) or related derivatives; 
 
in connection with an offering of Notes, enter into one or more hedging transactions with respect 
to the Reference Item(s) or related derivatives; and/or 
 
in connection with such hedging or market-making activities or with respect to proprietary or other 
trading activities, enter into transactions in the Reference Item(s) or related derivatives which may 
adversely (or positively) affect the price, liquidity or value of the relevant Notes and which could 
therefore be adverse to the interests of the relevant Noteholders. 
The Calculation Agent, which will generally be the Issuer or an affiliate of the Issuer, has broad 
discretionary powers which may not take into account the interests of the Noteholders. 
As the Calculation Agent will generally be the Issuer or an affiliate of the Issuer, potential conflicts of 
interest may exist between the Calculation Agent and the Noteholders, including with respect to the exercise 
of the very broad discretionary powers of the Calculation Agent. For example, the Calculation Agent has 
the authority (i) to determine whether certain specified events and/or matters so specified in the conditions 
relating to a Tranche of Notes have occurred and (ii) to determine any resulting adjustments and calculations 
or substitutions as described in such conditions. Potential purchasers should be aware that any 
determination made by the Calculation Agent may have an impact on the value and financial return of the 
Notes. Any such discretion exercised by, or any calculation made by, the Calculation Agent (in the absence 
of manifest or proven error) shall be binding on the Issuer and all Noteholders. 
The Issuer may have confidential information relating to the Reference Item and the Notes. 
The Issuer or its affiliates may from time to time, by virtue of their status as underwriter, advisor or 
otherwise, possess or have access to information relating to the Notes, the Reference Item and any 
derivative Notes referencing them. Such affiliates will not be obliged to disclose any such information to a 
purchaser of the Notes. 
The Issuer's securities as a Reference Item. 
The Issuer's shares or other instruments issued by the Issuer may be/form part of a Reference Item in Index 
Linked Notes, Equity Linked Notes or other type of Notes. The Issuer will have material information in 
relation to such Notes which the Issuer will not be obliged to disclose to a purchaser of Notes. 
Potential conflicts of interest relating to distributors or other entities involved in the offer or listing of 
the Notes. 
Potential conflicts of interest may arise in connection with the Notes, as any distributors or other entities 
involved in the offer and/or the listing of the Notes as indicated in the Issue Terms, may act pursuant to a 
mandate from the Issuer and may receive commissions and/or fees on the basis of the services performed 
in relation to such offer and/or listing.

--- Page 76 ---
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
 
- 61 - 
 
 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The following documents identified below which have previously been published and have been filed with 
the Central Bank, shall be incorporated in, and form part of, this Base Prospectus: 
(a) 
The 
2020 
Annual 
Report 
of 
the 
BCP 
Group 
(available 
at 
https://ind.millenniumbcp.pt/relcontas/2020/files/RCBCP2020.en.pdf), 
including, 
without 
limitation, the following audited consolidated financial statements and notes (the "2020 Financial 
Statements") as set out at the following pages: 
Glossary  
Pages 201 to 203 of the pdf document  
Income Statement  
Page 205 of the pdf document  
Statement of Comprehensive Income  
Pages 206 to 207 of the pdf document  
Balance Sheet  
Page 208 of the pdf document 
Cash Flows Statement  
Page 209 of the pdf document  
Statement of Changes in Equity  
Page 210 of the pdf document  
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements  
Pages 211 to 676 of the pdf document  
 
(b) 
The 
external 
auditor's 
report 
on 
the 
2020 
Financial 
Statements 
(available 
at 
https://ind.millenniumbcp.pt/en/Institucional/investidores/Documents/RelatorioContas/2022/BCP
_CLC_Consolidado_Dez20_EN.pdf ) (the "2020 Auditor's Report"); 
(c) 
The 
2021 
Annual 
Report 
of 
the 
BCP 
Group 
(available 
at 
https://ind.millenniumbcp.pt/en/Institucional/investidores/Documents/RelatorioContas/2021/vers
ao_ESEG_000432-2021-12-31_EN.xhtml), including, without limitation, the following audited 
consolidated financial statements and notes (the "2021 Financial Statements) set out at the 
following pages: 
Glossary  
Pages 187 to 189 of the pdf document  
Income Statement  
Page 191 of the pdf document  
Statement of Comprehensive Income  
Pages 192 to 193 of the pdf document  
Balance Sheet  
Page 194 of the pdf document 
Cash Flows Statement  
Page 195 of the pdf document  
Statement of Changes in Equity  
Page 196 of the pdf document  
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements  
Pages 197 to 665 of the pdf document  
  
(d) 
The 
external 
auditor's 
report 
on 
the 
2021 
Financial 
Statements 
(available 
at 
https://ind.millenniumbcp.pt/en/Institucional/investidores/Documents/RelatorioContas/2022/BCP
_CLC_Consolidado_Dez21_EN.pdf ) (the "2021 Auditor's Report"); and 
(e) 
The 
3rd 
Quarter 
2022 
Report 
& 
Accounts 
of 
the 
BCP 
Group 
(available 
at 
https://ind.millenniumbcp.pt/en/Institucional/investidores/Documents/RelatorioContas/2022/9M-
2022-Report-and-Accounts.pdf) including, without limitation, the following unaudited and un-
reviewed consolidated balance sheet and consolidated income statement set out at the following 
pages of the 3rd Quarter 2022 Report & Accounts: 
Income Statement 
Page 54 of the pdf document 
Balance Sheet 
Page 55 of the pdf document 
 
Any other information incorporated by reference that is not included in the cross-reference lists in (a), (b) 
and (c) above is considered to be additional information to be disclosed to investors rather than information 
required by the relevant Annexes of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No 2019/980. 
The documents incorporated by reference in (a), (b) and (c) above are direct and accurate translation from 
their original Portuguese form. In the event of a discrepancy the original Portuguese version will prevail. 
All financial information in this Base Prospectus relating to the Issuer for the years ended on 31 December 
2020 and 31 December 2021 has been extracted without material adjustment from the audited financial 
statements of the Bank for the financial years then ended and all financial information in this Base 
Prospectus to the Bank for the nine month period ended 30 September 2022 has been extracted from the 
3rd Quarter 2022 Report & Accounts of BCP Group. 
Following the publication of this Base Prospectus a supplement may be prepared by the Issuer and approved 
by the Central Bank in accordance with Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. Statements contained in

--- Page 77 ---
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
 
- 62 - 
 
 
any such supplement (or contained in any document incorporated by reference therein) shall, to the extent 
applicable (whether expressly, by implication or otherwise) modify or supersede statements contained in 
this Base Prospectus or in a document which is incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. Any 
statement so modified or superseded shall not, except as so modified or superseded, constitute a part of this 
Base Prospectus. 
The Issuer will, in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or inaccuracy relating to 
information included in this Base Prospectus which is capable of affecting the assessment of any Notes, 
prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus or publish a new base prospectus for use in connection with 
any subsequent issue of Notes. 
Any documents themselves incorporated by reference in the documents incorporated by reference in this 
Base Prospectus shall not form part of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 78 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
 
- 63 - 
 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following are the terms and conditions of Notes (the "General Conditions", and each, a "General 
Condition") which will be incorporated by reference into each Global Note (as defined below) and 
endorsed upon each definitive Note. The Issue Terms (as defined below) (or the relevant provisions thereof) 
will be endorsed upon, or attached to, each Global Note and definitive Note. 
The additional terms and conditions contained in Annex 1 in respect of payouts (the "Payout Conditions"), 
Annex 2 in the case of Index Linked Notes (the "Index Linked Conditions"), Annex 3 in the case of Equity 
Linked Notes (the "Equity Linked Conditions"), Annex 4 in the case of Inflation Linked Notes (the 
"Inflation Linked Conditions"), Annex 5 in the case of in the case of Fund Linked Notes (the "Fund Linked 
Conditions"), Annex 6 in the case of Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Notes (the "Foreign Exchange 
(FX) Linked Conditions") and Annex 7 in the case of Credit Linked Notes (the "Credit Linked 
Conditions") (each as defined below, an "Annex", and together, the "Annexes") will apply to the Notes if 
so specified in the Issue Terms. 
Reference should be made to "Form of Notes" below for a description of the content of Issue Terms which 
will include the definitions of certain terms used in these General Conditions or specify which of such terms 
are to apply in relation to the relevant Notes. 
Each Note is one of a Series (as defined below) of Notes issued by Banco Comercial Português, S.A. (the 
"Issuer") pursuant to the Agency Terms or the Instrument (each as defined below). 
References herein to the "Notes" shall be references to the Notes of a Series and shall mean: 
(i) 
in relation to any Notes represented by a global Note (a "Global Note"), units of the lowest 
Specified Denomination in the Specified Notes Currency; 
(ii) 
any Global Note; 
(iii) 
Book Entry Notes; and 
(iv) 
any definitive Notes in bearer form ("Definitive Bearer Notes") issued in exchange for a Global 
Note. 
Notes in book entry form ("Book Entry Notes") are integrated in the Interbolsa book entry system and 
governed by these conditions and a deed poll given by the Issuer in favour of the holders of Book Entry 
Notes dated 23 December 2022 (the "Instrument"). 
The Notes, the Receipts (as defined below) and the Coupons (as defined below) have the benefit of a set of 
Agency Terms (such Agency Terms as amended and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, 
the "Agency Terms") dated 23 December 2022 issued by Banco Comercial Português, S.A. as Issuer, and, 
if so specified in the Issue Terms, calculation agent and delivery agent (the "Calculation Agent" and the 
"Delivery Agent", which expressions shall include any successor calculation agent or successor delivery 
agent and any other calculation agent or delivery agent specified in the Issue Terms) and as Portuguese 
paying agent (the "Portuguese Paying Agent"). A principal paying agent may be appointed from time to 
time (the "Principal Paying Agent"). The Principal Paying Agent, together with the Portuguese Paying 
Agent, are referred to as the "Paying Agents". The Principal Paying Agent, the Portuguese Paying Agent, 
the other Paying Agents, the Calculation Agent and the Delivery Agent are referred to together as the 
"Agents". 
The final terms for each Note (or the relevant provisions thereof) are set out in Part A of the Final Terms 
attached to or endorsed or incorporated herein on the relevant Note which complete, and will be read in 
conjunction with, these General Conditions. References to the "Final Terms" are to the final terms (or the 
relevant provision thereof) attached or endorsed on the relevant Note. The expression "Prospectus 
Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. 
Any reference to "Noteholders" or "holders" in relation to any Notes shall, subject as provided in General 
Condition 1(a), mean the holders of the Notes and in the case of Book Entry Notes, the persons shown in 
the individual securities accounts held with an authorised financial intermediary institution entitled to hold 
control accounts with the Central de Valores Mobiliários on behalf of their customers (and includes any 
depositary banks appointed by Euroclear Bank SA/NV ("Euroclear") and Clearstream Banking S.A.

--- Page 79 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
 
- 64 - 
 
 
("Clearstream, Luxembourg") for the purpose of holding accounts on behalf of Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, respectively) (each an "Affiliated Member") of Interbolsa - Sociedade Gestora 
de Sistemas de Liquidação e de Sistemas Centralizados de Valores Mobiliários, S.A. ("Interbolsa") (the 
"Book Entry Noteholders") and shall, in relation to any Notes represented by a Global Note, be construed 
as provided below. Any reference herein to "Receiptholders" shall mean the holders of the Receipts and 
any reference herein to "Couponholders" shall mean the holders of the Coupons and shall, unless the 
context otherwise requires, include the holders of the Talons (each as defined below). 
As used herein, "Tranche" means Notes which are identical in all respects (including as to listing and 
admission to trading) and "Series" means a Tranche of Notes together with any further Tranche or Tranches 
of Notes which are (a) expressed to be consolidated and form a single series and (b) have the same terms 
and conditions or terms and conditions which are the same in all respects save for the amount and date of 
the first payment of interest thereon and the date from which interest starts to accrue. References in this 
Base Prospectus to "Exempt Notes" are to Notes for which no prospectus is required to be published under 
the Prospectus Regulation. As used herein, "Issue Terms" means either (i) where the Notes are not Exempt 
Notes, the applicable Final Terms or (ii) where the Notes are Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing 
Supplement, and references should be construed accordingly. 
The Noteholders (other than Book Entry Noteholders), the Receiptholders and the Couponholders will be 
entitled to the benefit (at such point at which Global Notes are issued) of the Deed of Covenant (the "Deed 
of Covenant") the form of which is set out in the Agency Terms dated 23 December 2022 and made by the 
Issuer. 
Copies of the Agency Terms and the Instrument are available for inspection during normal business hours 
at the specified office of the Portuguese Paying Agent. The Noteholders, the Receiptholders and the 
Couponholders are deemed to have notice of, and are entitled to the benefit of, all the provisions of the 
Agency Terms, the Instrument and the Issue Terms which are applicable to them. The statements in the 
General Conditions include summaries of, and are subject to, the detailed provisions of the Agency Terms 
and the Instrument. 
Words and expressions defined in the Agency Terms, the Instrument or used in the Issue Terms shall have 
the same meanings where used in the General Conditions unless the context otherwise requires or unless 
otherwise stated and provided that, in the event of inconsistency between the Agency Terms or the 
Instrument, as the case may be, and the Issue Terms, the Issue Terms will prevail. 
1. 
Form, Denomination and Title 
(a) 
Form and Denomination 
The Notes are in bearer form ("Bearer Notes") or in book entry form ("forma escritural") 
in which case they are "nominativas" (i.e. Interbolsa, at the Issuer's request, can ask the 
Affiliated Members for information regarding the identity of the Noteholders and transmit 
such information to the Issuer) in the currency (the "Specified Notes Currency") and the 
denomination(s) (the "Specified Denomination(s)") specified in the Issue Terms and 
definitive Notes will be serially numbered. 
If a Note is a definitive Bearer Note (a "Definitive Bearer Note"), it is issued with 
coupons for the payment of interest ("Coupons") attached and, if applicable, talons for 
further Coupons ("Talons") attached unless it is a Zero Coupon Note (as defined below) 
in which case references to interest (other than in the case of late payment) and Coupons 
in these General Conditions are not applicable. If it is a Definitive Bearer Note that is an 
Instalment Note (as defined below) it is issued with receipts ("Receipts") for the payment 
of instalments of principal prior to stated maturity attached. Any reference in these General 
Conditions to Coupon(s) or Couponholder(s) shall, unless the context otherwise requires, 
be deemed to include a reference to Talon(s) or Talonholder(s). 
(b) 
Type of Notes 
A Note is, to the extent specified in the Issue Terms, (i) a Note bearing interest on a fixed-
rate basis (a "Fixed Rate Note"), (ii) a Note bearing interest on a floating-rate basis (a 
"Floating Rate Note"), (iii) a Note bearing interest on the basis of specified interest

--- Page 80 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
 
- 65 - 
 
 
amounts (a "Specified Interest Amount Note"), (iv) a Note issued on a non-interest 
bearing basis and offered and sold at a discount (other than a de minimis discount) to its 
nominal amount or at par and to which the Zero Coupon Notes provisions are expressed 
to be applicable (a "Zero Coupon Note"), and/or (iv) a Reference Item Linked Note (as 
defined below). 
A Note may, to the extent specified in the Issue Terms, also be (i) a Note which is 
redeemable in instalments (an "Instalment Note"), (ii) a Note upon which its 
denomination and payment of principal and/or interest may be in more than one currency 
(a "Dual Currency Note"), (iii) a Note issued on a partly paid basis (a "Partly Paid 
Note") or a (iv) a Reference Item Linked Note. 
"Reference Item Linked Note" means a Note whose return (whether in respect of any 
interest payable (such note a "Reference Item Linked Interest Note" as defined in Annex 
1 – Payout Conditions) on such Note and/or its redemption amount) is linked to one or 
more Reference Items, including indices (an "Index Linked Note") or shares or depositary 
receipts (an "Equity Linked Note") or inflation indices (an "Inflation Linked Note") or 
reference item rate(s) (a "Reference Item Rate Linked Note"), or fund shares or units (a 
"Fund Linked Note") or the credit of a specified entity or entities (a "Credit Linked 
Note") or foreign exchange rates (a "Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Note") or any 
combination thereof (a "Combination Note") as specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Reference Item" means one or more underlying reference assets, entities or bases, as 
may be specified in the Issue Terms. 
A Note may, as provided in the Issue Terms, provide that settlement will be by way of 
cash settlement ("Cash Settled Notes"); by way of physical delivery ("Physically Settled 
Notes"); or where Condition 4(b)(ii) (Variation of Settlement) is specified in the Issue 
Terms to apply, the method of settlement may be changed from Cash Settlement to 
Physical Delivery (or vice versa) at the option of the Issuer. 
(c) 
Title 
Subject as set out below, title to Bearer Notes, Coupons and Receipts will pass by delivery 
in accordance with the provisions of the Agency Terms. The holder of each Coupon or 
Receipt, whether or not such Coupon or Receipt is attached to a Bearer Note, in his 
capacity as such, shall be subject to and bound by all the provisions contained in the 
relevant Note. The Issuer and any Paying Agent, to the extent permitted by applicable law, 
may deem and treat the bearer of any Bearer Note, Coupon or Receipt as the absolute 
owner thereof (whether or not such Bearer Note, Coupon or Receipt shall be overdue and 
notwithstanding any notation of ownership or writing thereon or notice of any previous 
loss or theft thereof) for all purposes but, in the case of any Bearer Global Note, without 
prejudice to the provisions set out below. 
Title to the Book Entry Notes passes upon registration in the relevant individual securities 
accounts held with an Affiliated Member of Interbolsa. 
(d) 
Notes in Global Form 
For as long as any of the Notes are represented by a Global Note held by or on behalf of 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV ("Euroclear") and/or Clearstream Banking S.A. ("Clearstream, 
Luxembourg") each person (other than Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg) who is 
for the time being shown in the records of Euroclear or of Clearstream, Luxembourg, as 
the holder of a particular nominal amount of such Notes (in which regard any certificate 
or other document issued by Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as to the nominal 
amount of such Notes standing to the account of any person shall be conclusive and 
binding for all purposes save in the case of manifest error) shall be treated by the Issuer 
and the Agents as the holder of such nominal amount of such Notes for all purposes other 
than with respect to the payment of principal or interest on such nominal amount of such 
Notes and voting, giving consents and making requests, for which purpose the bearer of 
the relevant Bearer Global Note shall be treated by the Issuer and any Agent as the holder

--- Page 81 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
 
- 66 - 
 
 
of such nominal amount of such Notes in accordance with and subject to the terms of the 
relevant Global Note and the expressions "Noteholder" and "holder of Notes" and related 
expressions shall be construed accordingly. 
Notes which are represented by a Global Note will be transferable only in accordance with 
the rules and procedures for the time being of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, 
as the case may be. 
Except in relation to Notes indicated in the Issue Terms as being in New Global Note 
form, references to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, whenever the 
context so permits, be deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative 
clearing system specified in the Issue Terms or as may otherwise be approved by the Issuer 
and Principal Paying Agent. 
In this General Condition, the following expressions shall have the following meanings: 
"Bearer Global Note" means a global note (temporary or permanent) in bearer form; and 
"Securities Act" means the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 
2. 
Status of the Notes 
The Notes and the relative Coupons and Receipts are direct, unconditional, unsecured and 
unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer and rank pari passu, among themselves and with all 
present and future unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer, save for those that have 
been accorded by law preferential rights. 
3. 
Interest 
(a) 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes 
Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement 
Date at the rate(s) per annum equal to the Rate(s) of Interest. Interest will accrue in respect 
of each period from (and including) an Interest Period End Date (or if none the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest Period End Date (each 
an "Interest Period" and each such latter date the "Interest Period End Final Date")). 
Interest will be payable in arrear on the Interest Payment Date(s) in each year up to (and 
including) the Maturity Date. If an Interest Payment Date falls after the Interest Period 
End Final Date in respect of the relevant Interest Period, no additional interest or other 
amount shall be payable as a result of such interest being payable on such later date. If a 
Business Day Convention (as defined in General Condition 3(i) below) is specified in the 
Issue Terms as applying to an Interest Period End Date or an Interest Payment Date and 
(i) if there is no numerically corresponding day on the calendar month in which an Interest 
Period End Date or Interest Payment Date, as the case may be, should occur or (ii) if any 
Interest Period End Date or Interest Payment Date, as the case may be, would otherwise 
fall on a day which is not a Business Day (as defined in General Condition 3(i)), then, the 
relevant Business Day Convention shall apply. For the purposes of this General Condition 
3(a), "Interest Period End Date" shall mean each date so specified in the Issue Terms. If 
no such date(s) is so specified, then the Interest Period End Date for an Interest Period 
shall be the corresponding Interest Payment Date (unadjusted for any Business Day 
Convention). 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes which are Book Entry Notes will be calculated on the full 
nominal amount outstanding of Fixed Rate Notes and will be paid to the Affiliate Members 
of Interbolsa for distribution by them to the accounts of entitled Noteholders of Book Entry 
Notes in accordance with Interbolsa's usual rules and operating procedures.

--- Page 82 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
 
- 67 - 
 
 
If no Business Day Convention is specified as applicable to an Interest Period End Final 
Date in the Issue Terms, except as provided in the Issue Terms: 
(i) 
the amount of interest payable on each Interest Payment Date in respect of the 
Interest Period ending on (but excluding) the Interest Period End Final Date in 
respect of such Interest Period, will amount to the Fixed Coupon Amount; and 
(ii) 
the amount of interest payable on any other Interest Payment Date will, if so 
specified in the Issue Terms, amount to the Broken Amount so specified. 
Subject to the Payout Conditions, Interest shall be calculated by applying the Rate of 
Interest to: 
(i) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes which are represented by a Global Note, the 
aggregate outstanding nominal amount of the Fixed Rate Notes represented by 
such Global Note (or, if they are Partly Paid Notes, the aggregate amount paid 
up); 
(ii) 
in the case of each Fixed Rate Note in definitive form, the Calculation Amount; 
of 
(iii) 
in the case of Book Entry Notes, the full nominal amount, as provided above, 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction (as defined 
in General Condition 3(i) below) specified in the Issue Terms. 
The resultant figure (including after application of any Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken 
Amount to the Calculation Amount in the case of Fixed Rate Notes in definitive form) 
shall be rounded to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Notes Currency, half of 
any such sub-unit (as defined below) being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance 
with applicable market convention. 
Where the Specified Denomination of a Fixed Rate Note in definitive form comprises 
more than one Calculation Amount, the amount of Interest payable in respect of such Fixed 
Rate Note shall be the aggregate of the amounts (determined in the manner provided 
above) for each Calculation Amount comprising the Specified Denomination without any 
further rounding. 
"sub-unit" means, with respect to any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such 
currency that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, with respect 
to euro, means one cent. 
(b) 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes and Reference Item Linked Interest Notes 
(i) 
Interest Period End Dates and Interest Payment Dates 
Each Floating Rate Note and, subject to the provisions of General Condition 3(e) 
below and unless otherwise specified in the Issue Terms, each Reference Item 
Linked Interest Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal amount (or, if it is 
a Partly Paid Note, in accordance with General Condition 3(f)) in respect of each 
Interest Period (as defined in General Condition 3(a)). For the purposes of this 
General Condition 3(b), "Interest Period End Date" shall mean either: 
(i) 
the specified Interest Period End Date(s) in each year specified in the 
Issue Terms; or 
(ii) 
if no Interest Period End Date(s) is/are specified in the Issue Terms, (x) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes, each date which falls on the number 
of months or other period specified as the Specified Period in the Issue 
Terms after the preceding Interest Period End Date or, in the case of the 
first Interest Period End Date, after the Interest Commencement Date and 
(y) in the case of Reference Item Linked Interest Notes, the

--- Page 83 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
 
- 68 - 
 
 
corresponding Interest Payment Date (unadjusted for any Business Day 
Convention). 
Interest will be payable in arrear on the Interest Payment Date(s) in each year up 
to (and including) the Maturity Date. If an Interest Payment Date falls after an 
Interest Period End Final Date in respect of the relevant Interest Period, no 
additional interest or other amount shall be payable as a result of such interest 
being payable on such later date. 
If a Business Day Convention is specified in the Issue Terms as applying to an 
Interest Period End Date or an Interest Payment Date and (i) if there is no 
numerically corresponding day on the calendar month in which an Interest Period 
End Date or Interest Payment Date, as the case may be, should occur or (ii) if any 
Interest Period End Date or Interest Payment Date, as the case may be, would 
otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day (as defined in General 
Condition 3(i) below), then the relevant Business Day Convention (as defined in 
General Condition 3(i) below) shall apply. Provided that, in any case, where 
Specified Periods are specified in accordance with General Condition 3(b)(i)(ii) 
above, the Floating Rate Convention shall apply. 
(ii) 
Rate of Interest 
The Rate of Interest payable from time to time in respect of Floating Rate Notes 
and Reference Item Linked Interest Notes will be determined in the manner 
specified in the Issue Terms. 
(iii) 
ISDA Determination 
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the applicable Issue Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest 
applicable to the Notes for each Interest Period will be the sum of the Margin (if 
any) and the relevant ISDA Rate where "ISDA Rate" in relation to any Interest 
Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate (as defined in the ISDA 
Definitions) that would be determined by the Calculation Agent under an interest 
rate swap transaction if the Calculation Agent were acting as Calculation Agent 
(as defined in the ISDA Definitions (as defined below)) for that interest rate swap 
transaction under the terms of an agreement incorporating the (i) if "2006 ISDA 
Definitions" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the 2006 ISDA 
Definitions, as published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, 
Inc. ("ISDA") and as amended and updated as at the Issue Date of the first 
Tranche of the Notes; or (ii) if "2021 ISDA Definitions" is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, the latest version of the 2021 ISDA Interest Rate 
Derivatives Definitions as published by ISDA as at the Issue Date of the first 
Tranche of the Notes, (together, the "ISDA Definitions") and under which: 
(A) 
references in the ISDA definitions to: 
"Confirmation" shall be references to the relevant Issue Terms; 
"Calculation Period" shall be references to the relevant Interest Period; 
"Termination Date" shall be references to the Maturity Date; 
"Effective Date" shall be references to the Interest Commencement Date; 
and 
"Administrator/Benchmark Event" in the 2021 ISDA Definitions shall 
be disapplied; 
(B) 
if the Temporary Non-Publication Fallback in respect of any specified 
Floating Rate Option is specified to be "Temporary Non-Publication – 
Alternative Rate" in the Floating Rate Matrix of the 2021 ISDA 
Definitions the reference to "Calculation Agent Alternative Rate

--- Page 84 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
 
- 69 - 
 
 
Determination" in the definition of "Temporary Non-Publication– 
Alternative Rate" shall be replaced by "Temporary Non-Publication 
Fallback – Previous Day's Rate"; 
(C) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the relevant Issue Terms; 
(D) 
the Designated Maturity is a period specified in the relevant Issue 
Terms; 
(E) 
the relevant Reset Date is either (y) the first day of that Interest Period 
or (z) as specified in the relevant Issue Terms; 
(F) 
if the Floating Rate Option is an Overnight Floating Rate Option, the 
Overnight Rate Compounding Method is one of the following as 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms: 
(x) 
Compounding with Lookback; 
(y) 
Compounding with Observation Period Shift; or 
(z) 
Compounding with Lockout; and 
 
(G) 
if the Floating Rate Option is a Compounded Index Floating Rate 
Option, the Index Method is Compounded Index Method with 
Observation Period Shift as specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
In connection with the Overnight Rate Compounding Method, references in the 
ISDA Definitions to numbers or other items specified in the relevant confirmation 
shall be deemed to be references to the numbers or other items specified for such 
purpose in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Notwithstanding anything in the ISDA Definitions to the contrary the Agent will 
have no obligation to exercise any discretion (including in determining 
EURIBOR or the fallback rate), and to the extent the ISDA Definitions requires 
the Agent to exercise any such discretion, the Issuer, will provide written direction 
to the Agent specifying how such discretion should be exercised, and the Agent 
will be entitled to conclusively rely on that direction and will be fully protected if 
it acts in accordance therewith. 
For the purposes of this subparagraph (iii), "Floating Rate", "Floating Rate Option", 
"Designated Maturity", "Reset Date", "Overnight Floating Rate Option", 
"Overnight Rate Compounding Method", "Compounding with Lookback", 
"Compounding with Observation Period Shift", "Compounding with Lockout", 
"Averaging with Lookback", "Averaging with Observation Period Shift", 
"Averaging with Lockout", "Compounded Index Floating Rate Option", "Index 
Method" and "Compounded Index Method with Observation Period Shift" have the 
meanings given to those terms in the ISDA Definitions. 
 
(iv) 
Screen Rate Determination 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the Issue Terms as the manner 
in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined (other than in respect of Notes 
for which SONIA, SOFR and/or €STR or any related index is specified as the 
Reference Rate), the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will, subject as 
provided below, be: 
(i) 
the offered quotation; or 
(ii) 
the arithmetic mean (rounded, if necessary, to the fifth decimal place, 
with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the offered quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate(s)

--- Page 85 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
 
- 70 - 
 
 
which appears or appear, as the case may be, on the Relevant Screen Page 
(or any successor to such page or service) as at the Specified Time 
indicated in the Issue Terms (which will be 11.00 a.m., Brussels time, in 
the case of EURIBOR) on the Interest Determination Date (as defined 
below) in question plus or minus (as indicated in the Issue Terms) the 
Margin (if any), all as determined by the Principal Paying Agent or the 
Portuguese Paying Agent, as applicable. If five or more of such offered 
quotations are available on the Relevant Screen Page, the highest (or, if 
there is more than one such highest quotation, one only of such 
quotations) and the lowest (or, if there is more than one such lowest 
quotation, one only of such quotations) shall be disregarded by the 
Principal Paying Agent or the Portuguese Paying Agent, as applicable, 
for the purpose of determining the arithmetic mean (rounded, as provided 
above) of such offered quotations; or 
(iii) 
in the case of a CMS Rate, the rate for swap transactions in the currency 
to which the CMS Rate relates with a maturity of the Designated 
Maturity, expressed as a percentage, which appears on the Relevant 
Screen Page (or any successor to such page or service) as of the Specified 
Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date plus or minus (as 
indicated in the Issue Terms) the Margin (if any), all as determined by 
the Calculation Agent or, in the event that the Calculation Agent 
determines it is not reasonably practicable to determine the Rate of 
Interest in such manner, the Rate of Interest will be determined by the 
Calculation Agent as such rate that it determines would have prevailed 
but for such impracticality by reference to such source(s) as it may select; 
or 
(iv) 
in the case of a rate that is based on the yield of a government bond (a 
"Government Bond Yield Rate"), the rate for a generic government 
bond, expressed as a percentage per annum, with a maturity of the 
Designated Maturity, which appears on the Relevant Screen Page (or any 
successor to such page or service) as of the Specified Time on the 
relevant Interest Determination Date plus or minus (as indicated in the 
Issue Terms) the Margin (if any) (all as specified in the Issue Terms), as 
determined by the Calculation Agent or if the Calculation Agent 
determines that it is not reasonably practicable to obtain the rate in such 
manner, the rate will be determined as such rate that the Calculation 
Agent determines would have prevailed but for such impracticability by 
reference to such source(s) as it may select; or 
(v) 
in case the rate specified in the Issue Terms is a TEC Rate (Taux de 
l'Echéance Constante), the offered quotation, expressed as a percentage 
rate per annum, with a maturity of the Designated Maturity calculated by 
the Comité de Normalisation Obligataire (or any successor thereto), 
which appears on the Relevant Screen Page (or any successor to such 
page or service) as of the Specified Time on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date plus or minus (as indicated in the Issue Terms) the 
Margin (if any) (all as specified in the Issue Terms), as determined by the 
Calculation Agent or if the Calculation Agent determines it is not 
reasonably practicable to determine the rate in such manner, the rate shall 
be determined by the Calculation Agent on the basis of the linear 
interpolation of the mid-market prices for each of the two reference 
French treasury bonds (Obligation Assimilable du Trésor) ("OAT"), 
which would have been used by the Comité de Normalisation Obligataire 
(or any successor thereto) for the calculation of the relevant rate. In order 
to determine such mid-market prices, the Calculation Agent shall request 
five active dealers each to provide a quotation of its price at 
approximately the Specified Time on the Interest Determination Date in 
question and shall determine the mid-market prices as the arithmetic

--- Page 86 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
 
- 71 - 
 
 
mean of such quotations after discarding the highest and lowest of such 
quotations. 
In the case of (i) and (ii), the Agency Terms contains provisions for 
determining the Rate of Interest in the event that the Relevant Screen 
Page is not available or if, in the case of (i) above, no such offered 
quotation appears or, in the case of (ii) above, fewer than three such 
offered quotations appear, in each case as at the Specified Time indicated 
above or in the Issue Terms. The Issue Terms may, if agreed by the 
relevant Dealer, set out such provisions in full. 
(v) 
Determination of Rate of Interest and Calculation of Interest Amount 
The Principal Paying Agent or the Portuguese Paying Agent, as applicable, will, 
on or as soon as practicable after each date on which the Rate of Interest is to be 
determined (the "Interest Determination Date"), determine the Rate of Interest 
(subject to any Minimum Interest Rate or Maximum Interest Rate specified in the 
Issue Terms) for the relevant Interest Period. 
Subject to the Payout Conditions, the Principal Paying Agent or the Portuguese 
Paying Agent, as applicable, will calculate the amount of interest (the "Interest 
Amount") payable on the Notes for the relevant Interest Period by applying the 
Rate of Interest to: 
(i) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes and Reference Item Linked Interest 
Notes which are represented by a Global Note, the aggregate outstanding 
nominal amount of the Notes represented by such Global Note (or, if they 
are Partly Paid Notes, the aggregate amount paid up); or 
(ii) 
in the case of each Floating Rate Note, Reference Item Linked Interest 
Note and Combination Interest Note in definitive form, the Calculation 
Amount, 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the Day Count Fraction (as defined in 
General Condition 3(i) below) specified in the Issue Terms and rounding the 
resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit (defined above) of the relevant Specified 
Notes Currency, one half of such a sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise 
in accordance with applicable market convention. 
Where the Specified Denomination of a Floating Rate Note and Reference Item 
Linked Interest Note in definitive form comprises more than one Calculation 
Amount, the Interest Amount payable in respect of such Note shall be the 
aggregate of the amounts (determined in the manner provided above) for each 
Calculation Amount comprising the Specified Denomination without any further 
rounding. 
(vi) 
Minimum and/or Maximum Interest Rate 
If the Issue Terms specifies a Minimum Interest Rate for any Interest Period, then 
in the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined 
in accordance with the provisions of subparagraph (ii), (iii), (iv) or (v) above or 
(e) below (as appropriate) is less than such Minimum Interest Rate, the Rate of 
Interest for such Interest Period shall be such Minimum Interest Rate. If the Issue 
Terms do not specify a Minimum Interest Rate for any Interest Period, then the 
Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall not be less than zero. 
If the Issue Terms specifies a Maximum Interest Rate for any Interest Period, then 
in the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined 
in accordance with the provisions of subparagraph (ii), (iii), (iv) or (v) above or 
(e) below (as appropriate) is greater than such Maximum Interest Rate, the Rate 
of Interest for such Interest Period shall be such Maximum Interest Rate.

--- Page 87 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
 
- 72 - 
 
 
(vii) 
Linear Interpolation 
Where Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest 
Period in the applicable Issue Terms, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period 
shall be calculated by the Principal Paying Agent or the Portuguese Paying Agent, 
as applicable, by straight line linear interpolation by reference to two rates based 
on the relevant Reference Rate (where Screen Rate Determination is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Issue Terms) or the relevant Floating Rate Option 
(where ISDA Determination is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms), one of which shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the 
period of time for which rates are available next shorter than the length of the 
relevant Interest Period and the other of which shall be determined as if the 
Designated Maturity were the period of time for which rates are available next 
longer than the length of the relevant Interest Period provided however that if 
there is no rate available for a period of time next shorter or, as the case may be, 
next longer, then the Principal Paying Agent or the Portuguese Paying Agent, as 
applicable, shall determine such rate at such time and by reference to such sources 
as it determines appropriate. 
"Designated Maturity" means, in relation to Screen Rate Determination, the 
period of time designated in the Reference Rate. 
(viii) 
Floating Rate Notes referencing SONIA (Screen Rate Determination) 
(A) 
This Condition 3(b)(viii) is applicable to the Notes only if the Floating Rate Note 
Provisions are specified in the relevant Issue Terms as being applicable and the 
"Reference Rate" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms as being "SONIA". The 
Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be 
Compounded Daily SONIA plus or minus (as specified in the relevant Issue 
Terms) the Margin, all as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
For the purposes of this Condition: 
"Compounded Daily SONIA", with respect to an Interest Period, will be 
calculated by the Calculation Agent on each Interest Determination Date in 
accordance with the following formula, and the resulting percentage will be 
rounded, if necessary, to the fourth decimal place, with 0.00005 being rounded 
upwards: 
቎ෑ൬1 ൅𝑆𝑂𝑁𝐼𝐴ூ 𝑥 𝑛௜
365
൰െ
ௗబ
௜ୀଵ
1቏ൈ365
𝑑 
"d" means the number of calendar days in: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant 
Issue Terms, the relevant Interest Period; or 
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in 
the relevant Issue Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
"do" means the number of London Banking Days in: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant 
Issue Terms, the relevant Interest Period; or 
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in 
the relevant Issue Terms, the relevant Observation Period,

--- Page 88 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
 
- 73 - 
 
 
"i" means a series of whole numbers from one to do, each representing the 
relevant London Banking Day in chronological order from, and including, the 
first London Banking Day to, and including, the last London Banking Day, in: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant 
Issue Terms, the relevant Interest Period; or 
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in 
the relevant Issue Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
"Interest Determination Date" means, in respect of any Interest Period, the 
date falling "p" London Banking Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for 
such Interest Period (or the date falling "p" London Banking Days prior to such 
earlier date, if any, on which the Notes are due and payable); 
"London Banking Day" or "LBD" means any day on which commercial banks 
are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign 
currency deposits) in London; 
"ni" for any London Banking Day "i", in the relevant Interest Period or 
Observation Period (as applicable) is the number of calendar days from, and 
including, such London Banking Day "i" up to, but excluding, the following 
London Banking Day; 
"Observation Period" means, in respect of an Interest Period, the period from, 
and including, the date falling "p" London Banking Days prior to the first day 
of such Interest Period (and the first Interest Period shall begin on and include 
the Interest Commencement Date) and ending on, but excluding, the date which 
is "p" London Banking Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for such Interest 
Period (or the date falling "p" London Banking Days prior to such earlier date, 
if any, on which the Notes become due and payable); 
"p" for any Interest Period or Observation Period (as applicable), means the 
number of London Banking Days specified as the "Lag Period" or the 
"Observation Shift Period" (as applicable) in the relevant Issue Terms (or, if no 
such number is so specified, five and shall not be less than five unless otherwise 
agreed with the Agent); 
"SONIA Reference Rate" means, in respect of any London Banking Day, a 
reference rate equal to the daily Sterling Overnight Index Average ("SONIA") 
rate for such London Banking Day as provided by the administrator of SONIA 
to authorised distributors and as then published on the Relevant Screen Page (or 
if the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, as otherwise is published by such 
authorised distributors) on the London Banking Day immediately following 
such London Banking Day; and 
"SONIAi" means the SONIA Reference Rate for: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant 
Issue Terms, the London Banking Day falling "p" London Banking 
Days prior to the relevant London Banking Day "i"; or 
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in 
the relevant Issue Terms; the relevant London Banking Day "i". 
For the avoidance of doubt, the formula for the calculation of Compounded 
Daily SONIA only compounds the SONIA Reference Rate in respect of any 
London Banking Day. The SONIA Reference Rate applied to a day that is a non-
London Banking Day will be taken by applying the SONIA Reference Rate for 
the previous London Banking Day but without compounding.

--- Page 89 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
 
- 74 - 
 
 
(B) 
If, in respect of any London Banking Day in the relevant Interest Period or 
Observation Period (as applicable), the Calculation Bank determines that the 
SONIA Reference Rate is not available on the Relevant Screen Page or has not 
otherwise been published by the relevant authorised distributors, such SONIA 
Reference Rate shall, subject to Condition 3(h), be (y) the sum of (i) Bank of 
England's Bank Rate (the "Bank Rate") prevailing at 5 p.m. (London time) (or, 
if earlier, close of business) on such London Banking Day; plus (ii) the mean of 
the spread of the SONIA Reference Rate to the Bank Rate over the previous five 
London Banking Days on which a SONIA Reference Rate has been published, 
excluding the highest spread (or, if there is more than one highest spread, one 
only of those highest spreads) and lowest spread (or, if there is more than one 
lowest spread, one only of those lowest spreads) to the Bank Rate; or (z) if the 
Bank Rate is not published by the Bank of England at close of business on the 
relevant London Banking Day, either (i), the SONIA reference rate published on 
the Relevant Screen Page (or otherwise published by the relevant authorised 
distributors) for the first preceding London Banking Day on which the SONIA 
reference rate was published on the Relevant Screen Page (or otherwise published 
by the relevant authorised distributors); or (ii) if this is more recent, the latest rate 
determined under (y) above. 
(C) 
Subject to Condition 3(h), if the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in 
accordance with the foregoing provisions of this Condition 3(b)(viii), the Rate of 
Interest shall be (y) that determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination 
Date (though substituting, where a different Margin is to be applied to the relevant 
Interest Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the 
Margin relating to the relevant Interest Period, in place of the Margin relating to 
that last preceding Interest Period) or (z) if there is no such preceding Interest 
Determination Date, the initial Rate of Interest which would have been applicable 
to the Notes for the first Interest Period had the Notes been in issue for a period 
equal in duration to the scheduled first Interest Period but ending on (and 
excluding) the Interest Commencement Date (but applying the Margin applicable 
to the first Interest Period, in each case as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
(ix) 
Floating Rate Notes referencing SOFR (Screen Rate Determination) 
(A) 
This Condition 3(b)(ix) is applicable to the Notes only if the Floating Rate Note 
Provisions are specified in the relevant Issue Terms as being applicable and the 
"Reference Rate" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms as being "SOFR". The 
Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be the 
Benchmark plus or minus (as specified in the relevant Issue Terms) the Margin 
(if any), all as determined by the Calculation Agent on each Interest 
Determination Date. 
For the purposes of this Condition: 
"Benchmark" means Compounded Daily SOFR, which is a compounded average 
of daily SOFR, as determined for each Interest Period in accordance with the 
specific formula and other provisions set out in this Condition 3(b)(ix). 
Daily SOFR rates will not be published in respect of any day that is not a U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day, such as a Saturday, Sunday or holiday. For 
this reason, in determining Compounded Daily SOFR in accordance with the 
specific formula and other provisions set forth herein, the Daily SOFR rate for 
any U.S. Government Securities Business Day that immediately precedes one or 
more days that are not U.S. Government Securities Business Days will be 
multiplied by the number of calendar days from and including such U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day to, but excluding, the following U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day.  If the Issuer determines that a Benchmark 
Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred in 
respect of Compounded Daily SOFR (or the daily SOFR used in the calculation

--- Page 90 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
 
- 75 - 
 
 
hereof) prior to the relevant SOFR Determination Time, then the provisions under 
Condition 3(b)(ix)(B) below will apply. 
"Business Day" means any weekday that is a U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day and is not a legal holiday in New York and each (if any) Additional 
Business Centre(s) and is not a date on which banking institutions in those cities 
are authorised or required by law or regulation to be closed; 
"Compounded Daily SOFR" with respect to any Interest Period, means the rate 
of return of a daily compound interest investment (with the daily U.S. dollar 
secured overnight financing rate as reference rate for the calculation of interest) 
computed in accordance with the following formula (and the resulting percentage 
will be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a 
percentage point, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards to 0.00001): 
቎ෑ൬1 ൅ 𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅௜ 𝑥 𝑛௜
360
൰െ1
ௗ೚
௜ୀଵ
቏ 𝑥 360
𝑑 
"d" is the number of calendar days in: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant 
Issue Terms, the relevant Interest Period; or 
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in 
the relevant Issue Terms, the relevant Observation Period. 
"do" is the number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days in: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant 
Issue Terms, the relevant Interest Period; or 
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in 
the relevant Issue Terms, the relevant Observation Period. 
"i" is a series of whole numbers from one to do, each representing the relevant U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day in chronological order from, and including, 
the first U.S. Government Securities Business Day in: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant 
Issue Terms, the relevant Interest Period; or 
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in 
the relevant Issue Terms, the relevant Observation Period, 
to and including the last US Government Securities Business Day in such period; 
"Interest Determination Date" means, in respect of any Interest Period, the date 
falling "p" U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to the Interest 
Payment Date for such Interest Period (or the date falling "p" U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on which the Notes are 
due and payable); 
"ni" for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i" in the relevant Interest 
Period or Observation Period (as applicable), is the number of calendar days from, 
and including, such U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i" to, but 
excluding, the following U.S. Government Securities Business Day ("i+1"); 
"Observation Period" in respect of an Interest Period means the period from, and 
including, the date falling "p" U.S. Government Securities Business Days 
preceding the first day in such Interest Period (and the first Interest Period shall

--- Page 91 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
 
- 76 - 
 
 
begin on and include the Interest Commencement Date) to, but excluding, the date 
falling "p" U.S. Government Securities Business Days preceding the (i) Interest 
Payment Date for such Interest Period; or (ii) if applicable, such earlier date falling 
"p" U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to such earlier date, if any, 
on which the Notes become due and payable; 
"p" for any Interest Period or Observation Period (as applicable) means the 
number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days specified as the "Lag 
Period" or the "Observation Shift Period" (as applicable) in the relevant Issue 
Terms (or, if no such number is so specified, five and shall not be less than five 
unless otherwise agreed with the Agent); 
"SOFR" with respect to any U.S. Government Securities Business Day, means: 
(i) 
the Secured Overnight Financing Rate published for such U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day as such rate appears on the SOFR 
Administrator's Website at 3:00 p.m. (New York time) on the 
immediately following U.S. Government Securities Business Day (the 
"SOFR Determination Time"); or 
(ii) 
Subject to Condition 3(b)(ix)(B) below, if the rate specified in (i) above 
does not so appear, the Secured Overnight Financing Rate as published 
in respect of the first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day for which the Secured Overnight Financing Rate was published on 
the SOFR Administrator's Website; 
"SOFR Administrator" means the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a 
successor administrator of the Secured Overnight Financing Rate); 
"SOFR Administrator's Website" means the website of the Federal Reserve 
Bank of New York, or any successor source; 
"SOFRi" means the SOFR for: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable 
Issue Terms, the U.S. Government Securities Business Day falling "p" 
U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to the relevant U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day "i"; or 
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in 
the relevant Issue Terms, the relevant U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day "i"; and 
"U.S. Government Securities Business Day" means any day except for a 
Saturday, a Sunday or a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial 
Markets Association recommends that the fixed income departments of its 
members be closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in U.S. government 
securities. 
 
(B) 
If the Issuer or, in the Issuer's discretion, an Independent Adviser appointed by 
the Issuer for such purpose, determines on or prior to the relevant Reference Time 
that a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date 
have occurred with respect to the then-current Benchmark, the Benchmark 
Replacement will replace the then-current Benchmark for all purposes relating to 
the Notes in respect of all determinations on such date and for all determinations 
on all subsequent dates. In connection with the implementation of a Benchmark 
Replacement, the Issuer will have the right to make Benchmark Replacement 
Conforming Changes from time to time, without any requirement for the consent 
or approval of the Noteholders. 
 
Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the Issuer or, in the 
Issuer's discretion, an Independent Adviser appointed by the Issuer for such

--- Page 92 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
 
- 77 - 
 
 
purpose pursuant to this section, including any determination with respect to a 
tenor, rate or adjustment or of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event, 
circumstance or date and any decision to take or refrain from taking any action or 
any selection (x) will be conclusive and binding absent manifest error; (y) will be 
made in the sole discretion of the Issuer or the Independent Adviser; and (z) 
notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the documentation relating to the 
Notes, shall become effective without consent from the holders of the Notes or 
any other party. 
 
For the purposes of this Condition: 
 
"Benchmark" means, initially, Compounded Daily SOFR, as such term is 
defined above; provided that if the Issuer determines on or prior to the Reference 
Time that a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement 
Date have occurred with respect to Compounded Daily SOFR (or the published 
daily SOFR used in the calculation thereof) or the then-current Benchmark, then 
"Benchmark" shall mean the applicable Benchmark Replacement. 
 
"Benchmark Replacement" means the first alternative set forth in the order 
below that can be determined by the Issuer or, in the Issuer's discretion, an 
Independent Adviser appointed by the Issuer for such purpose as of the 
Benchmark Replacement Date: 
(i) 
the sum of: (A) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected or 
recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body as the replacement 
for the then-current Benchmark and (B) the Benchmark Replacement 
Adjustment; 
(ii) 
the sum of: (A) the ISDA Fallback Rate and (B) the Benchmark 
Replacement Adjustment; or 
(iii) 
the sum of: (A) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected by 
the Issuer or any such Independent Adviser as the replacement for the 
then-current Benchmark for the applicable corresponding tenor giving 
due consideration to any industry-accepted rate of interest as a 
replacement for the then-current Benchmark for U.S. dollar-
denominated floating rate notes at such time and (B) the Benchmark 
Replacement Adjustment; 
 
"Benchmark Replacement Adjustment" means the first alternative set forth in 
the order below that can be determined by the Issuer or, in the Issuer's discretion, 
an Independent Adviser appointed by the Issuer for such purpose as of the 
Benchmark Replacement Date: 
(i) 
the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such 
spread adjustment, (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) 
that has been selected or recommended by the Relevant Governmental 
Body for the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement; 
(ii) 
if the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement is equivalent to 
the ISDA Fallback Rate, the ISDA Fallback Adjustment; or 
(iii) 
the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or 
zero) that has been selected by the Issuer giving due consideration to 
any industry-accepted spread adjustment, or method for calculating or 
determining such spread adjustment, for the replacement of the then-
current Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark 
Replacement for U.S. dollar-denominated floating rate notes at such 
time;

--- Page 93 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
 
- 78 - 
 
 
 
"Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes" means, with respect to any 
Benchmark Replacement, any technical, administrative or operational changes 
(including changes to the timing and frequency of determining rates and making 
payments of interest, rounding of amounts or tenors, and other administrative 
matters) that the Issuer or any Independent Adviser, as applicable, decides may 
be appropriate to reflect the adoption of such Benchmark Replacement in a 
manner substantially consistent with market practice (or, if the Issuer or such 
Independent Adviser decides that adoption of any portion of such market practice 
is not administratively feasible or if the Issuer or such Independent Adviser 
determines that no market practice for use of the Benchmark Replacement exists, 
in such other manner as the Issuer determines is reasonably necessary); 
"Benchmark Replacement Date" means the earliest to occur of the following 
events with respect to the then-current Benchmark (including the daily published 
component used in the calculation thereof): 
(i) 
in the case of (i) or (ii) of the definition of "Benchmark Transition Event," 
the later of (a) the date of the public statement or publication of 
information referenced therein and (b) the date on which the 
administrator of the Benchmark permanently or indefinitely ceases to 
provide the Benchmark (or such component); or 
(ii) 
in the case of (iii) of the definition of "Benchmark Transition Event," the 
date of the public statement or publication of information referenced 
therein. 
For the avoidance of doubt, if the event that gives rise to the Benchmark 
Replacement Date occurs on the same day as, but earlier than, the Reference Time 
in respect of any determination, the Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed 
to have occurred prior to the Reference Time for such determination; 
"Benchmark Transition Event" means the occurrence of one or more of the 
following events with respect to the then-current Benchmark (including the daily 
published component used in the calculation thereof): 
(i) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the 
administrator of the Benchmark (or such component) announcing that 
such administrator has ceased or will cease to provide the Benchmark (or 
such component), permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time 
of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that 
will continue to provide the Benchmark (or such component); or 
(ii) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory 
supervisor for the administrator of the Benchmark (or such component), 
the central bank for the currency of the Benchmark (or such component), 
an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator for the 
Benchmark (or such component), a resolution authority with jurisdiction 
over the administrator for the Benchmark (or such component) or a court 
or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the 
administrator for the Benchmark, which states that the administrator of 
the Benchmark (or such component) has ceased or will cease to provide 
the Benchmark (or such component) permanently or indefinitely, 
provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no 
successor administrator that will continue to provide the Benchmark (or 
such component); or 
(iii) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory 
supervisor for the administrator of the Benchmark announcing that the 
Benchmark is no longer representative;

--- Page 94 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
 
- 79 - 
 
 
"Independent Adviser" means an independent financial institution of 
international repute or other independent financial adviser experienced in the 
international capital markets, in each case appointed by the Issuer at its own 
expense; 
"ISDA Fallback Adjustment" means the spread adjustment (which may be a 
positive or negative value or zero) that would apply for derivatives transactions 
referencing the ISDA Definitions to be determined upon the occurrence of an 
index cessation event with respect to the Benchmark; 
"ISDA Fallback Rate" means the rate that would apply for derivatives 
transactions referencing the ISDA Definitions to be effective upon the occurrence 
of an index cessation date with respect to the Benchmark for the applicable tenor 
excluding the applicable ISDA Fallback Adjustment; 
"Reference Time" with respect to any determination of the Benchmark means: 
(i) 
if the Benchmark is Compounded Daily SOFR, the SOFR Determination 
Time; and 
(ii) 
if the Benchmark is not Compounded Daily SOFR, the scheduled or 
customary time for publication of the relevant Benchmark in accordance 
with the then-prevailing operational procedures of the administrator of 
such Benchmark or, as the case may be, of the other relevant information 
service publishing such Benchmark, on, the relevant Interest 
Determination Date; 
"Relevant Governmental Body" means the Federal Reserve Board and/or the 
Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or a committee officially endorsed or 
convened by the Federal Reserve Board and/or the Federal Reserve Bank of New 
York or any successor thereto; and 
"Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement" means the Benchmark Replacement 
excluding 
the 
Benchmark 
Replacement 
Adjustment. 
 
(C) 
Any Benchmark Replacement, Benchmark Replacement Adjustment and the 
specific terms of any Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes, determined 
under Condition 3(b)(ix)(B) above will be notified promptly by the Issuer to the 
Agents and the Calculation Agent in accordance with Condition 12, the 
Noteholders. Such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the effective date 
on which such changes take effect.  No later than notifying the Agents of the 
same, the Issuer shall deliver to the Agents a certificate signed by two authorised 
signatories of the Issuer confirming: (1)(x) that a Benchmark Transition Event 
has occurred, (y) the relevant Benchmark Replacement and, (z) where applicable, 
any Benchmark Replacement Adjustment and/or the specific terms of any 
relevant Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes, in each case as 
determined in accordance with the provisions of this Condition 3(b)(ix); and (2) 
certifying that the relevant Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes are 
necessary to ensure the proper operation of such Benchmark Replacement and/or 
Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. 
(D) 
If the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing 
provisions of this Condition 3(b)(ix), the Rate of Interest shall be (x) that 
determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date (though 
substituting, where a different Margin is to be applied to the relevant Interest 
Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin 
relating to the relevant Interest Period, in place of the Margin relating to that last 
preceding Interest Period) or (y) if there is no such preceding Interest 
Determination Date, the initial Rate of Interest which would have been applicable 
to the Notes for the first Interest Period had the Notes been in issue for a period 
equal in duration to the scheduled first Interest Period but ending on (and

--- Page 95 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
 
- 80 - 
 
 
excluding) the Interest Commencement Date (but applying the Margin applicable 
to the first Interest Period). 
(x) 
Floating Rate Notes referencing €STR (Screen Rate Determination) 
(A) 
This Condition 3(b)(x) is applicable to the Notes only if the Floating Rate Note 
Provisions are specified in the relevant Issue Terms as being applicable and the 
"Reference Rate" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms as being "€STR". The 
Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be 
Compounded Daily €STR plus or minus (as specified in the relevant Issue Terms) 
the Margin (if any), all as determined by the Calculation Agent on each Interest 
Determination Date. 
For the purposes of this Condition: 
"Compounded Daily €STR" means, with respect to any Interest Period, the rate 
of return of a daily compound interest investment (with the daily euro short-term 
rate as reference rate for the calculation of interest) as calculated by the 
Calculation Agent as at the relevant Interest Determination Date in accordance 
with the following formula (and the resulting percentage will be rounded if 
necessary to the nearest fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded 
upwards): 
቎ෑ൬1 ൅€STR௜ ൈ 𝑛௜
D
൰
ௗబ
௜ୀଵ
െ1቏ൈD
𝑑 
 
"d" means the number of calendar days in: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Issue 
Terms, the relevant Interest Period; or 
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
relevant Issue Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
 
"D" means the number specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms (or, if no 
such number is specified, 360); 
"do" means the number of TARGET Business Days in: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant 
Issue Terms, the relevant Interest Period; or 
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in 
the relevant Issue Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
 
the "€STR reference rate", in respect of any TARGET Business Day, is a 
reference rate equal to the daily euro short-term rate ("€STR") for such TARGET 
Business Day as provided by the European Central Bank as the administrator of 
€STR (or any successor administrator of such rate) on the website of the European 
Central Bank (or, if no longer published on its website, as otherwise published by 
it or provided by it to authorised distributors and as then published on the Relevant 
Screen Page or, if the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, as otherwise published 
by such authorised distributors) on the TARGET Business Day immediately 
following such TARGET Business Day (in each case, at the time specified by, or 
determined in accordance with, the applicable methodology, policies or 
guidelines, of the European Central Bank or the successor administrator of such 
rate); 
"€STRi" means the €STR reference rate for:

--- Page 96 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
 
- 81 - 
 
 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Issue 
Terms, the TARGET Business Day falling "p" TARGET Business Days 
prior to the relevant TARGET Business Day "i"; or 
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
relevant Issue Terms, the relevant TARGET Business Day "i". 
"i" is a series of whole numbers from one to "do", each representing the relevant 
TARGET Business Day in chronological order from, and including, the first 
TARGET Business Day in: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant 
Issue Terms, the relevant Interest Period; 
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in 
the relevant Issue Terms, the relevant Observation Period, 
to, and including, the last TARGET Business Day in such period; 
"ni" for any TARGET Business Day "i" in the relevant Interest Period or 
Observation Period (as applicable), means the number of calendar days from (and 
including) such TARGET Business Day "i" up to (but excluding) the following 
TARGET Business Day; 
"Observation Period" means, in respect of any Interest Period, the period from 
(and including) the date falling "p" TARGET Business Days prior to the first day 
of the relevant Interest Period (and the final Interest Period shall begin on and 
include the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the date falling "p" 
TARGET Business Days prior to (A) (in the case of an Interest Period) the Interest 
Payment Date for such Interest Period or (B) if applicable, such earlier date, if any, 
on which the Notes become due and payable; and 
"p" for any latest Interest Period or Observation Period (as applicable), means the 
number of TARGET Business Days specified as the "Lag Period" or the 
"Observation Shift Period" (as applicable) in the relevant Issue Terms or, if no 
such number is specified, five TARGET Business Days and shall not be less than 
five unless otherwise agreed with the Agent). 
"TARGET Business Day" means any day on which the TARGET2 System is 
open. 
 
(B) 
Subject to Condition 3(h), if, where any Rate of Interest is to be calculated 
pursuant to Condition 3(b)(x), in respect of any TARGET Business Day in respect 
of which an applicable €STR reference rate is required to be determined, such 
€STR reference rate is not made available on the Relevant Screen Page or has not 
otherwise been published by the relevant authorised distributors, then the €STR 
reference rate in respect of such TARGET Business Day shall be the €STR 
reference rate for the first preceding TARGET Business Day in respect of which 
€STR reference rate was published by the European Central Bank on its website, 
as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
(c) 
Subject to Condition 3(h), if the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in 
accordance with the foregoing provisions of this Condition 3(b)(x) the Rate of 
Interest shall be (A) that determined as at the last preceding Interest 
Determination Date (though substituting, where a different Margin is to be 
applied to the relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last 
preceding Interest Period, the Margin relating to the relevant Interest Period, in 
place of the Margin relating to that last preceding Interest Period) or (B) if there 
is no such preceding Interest Determination Date, the initial Rate of Interest which 
would have been applicable to the Notes for the first Interest Period had the Notes 
been in issue for a period equal in duration to the scheduled first Interest Period

--- Page 97 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
 
- 82 - 
 
 
but ending on (and excluding) the Interest Commencement Date (but applying the 
Margin applicable to the first Interest Period). 
(xi) 
SONIA Compounded Index and SOFR Compounded Index (Screen Rate 
Determination) 
(A) 
This Condition 3(b)(xi) is applicable to the Notes only if the Floating Rate Note 
Provisions are specified in the relevant Issue Terms as being applicable and 
"Index Determination" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms as being applicable. 
The Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will be the compounded daily 
reference rate for the relevant Interest Period, calculated in accordance with the 
following formula: 
ሺ𝐶𝑜𝑚𝑝𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑑 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥 𝐸𝑛𝑑
𝐶𝑜𝑚𝑝𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑑 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥 𝑆𝑡𝑎𝑟𝑡െ1ሻൈ𝑁𝑢𝑚𝑒𝑟𝑎𝑡𝑜𝑟
𝑑
 
 
 
 
and rounded to the Relevant Decimal Place, plus or minus the Margin (if any), all 
as determined and calculated by the Calculation Agent. 
For the purposes of this Condition: 
"Compounded Index" shall means either the SONIA Compounded Index or the 
SOFR Compounded Index, as specified in the relevant Issue Terms; 
"d" is the number of calendar days from (and including) the day on which the 
relevant Compounded IndexStart is determined to (but excluding) the day on which 
the relevant Compounded IndexEnd is determined; 
"End" means the relevant Compounded Index value on the day falling the 
Relevant Number of Index Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for such 
Interest Period, or such other date on which the relevant payment of interest falls 
due (but which by its definition or the operation of the relevant provisions is 
excluded from such Interest Period); 
"Index Days" means, in the case of the SONIA Compounded Index, London 
Banking Days, and, in the case of the SOFR Compounded Index, U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days; 
"Numerator" means, in the case of the SONIA Compounded Index, 365 and, in 
the case of the SOFR Compounded Index, 360; 
"Relevant Decimal Place" shall, unless otherwise specified in the Issue Terms, 
be the fifth decimal place in the case of the SONIA Compounded Index and the 
seventh decimal place in the case of the SOFR Compounded Index, in each case 
rounded up or down, if necessary (with 0.000005 or, as the case may be, 
0.00000005 being rounded upwards); 
"Relevant Number" is as specified in the applicable Issue Terms, but, unless 
otherwise specified shall be five; 
"SONIA Compounded Index" means the Compounded Daily SONIA rate as 
published at 10:00 (London time) by the Bank of England (or a successor 
administrator of SONIA) on the Bank of England's Interactive Statistical 
Database, or any successor source; 
"SOFR Compounded Index" means the Compounded Daily SOFR rate as 
published at 15:00 (New York time) by Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a 
successor administrator of SOFR) on the website of the Federal Reserve Bank of 
New York, or any successor source; and

--- Page 98 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
 
- 83 - 
 
 
"Start" means the relevant Compounded Index value on the day falling the 
Relevant Number of Index Days prior to the first day of the relevant Interest 
Period. 
 
(B) 
Provided that a Benchmark Event has not occurred in respect of the relevant 
Compounded Index, if, with respect to any Interest Period, the relevant rate is not 
published for the relevant Compounded Index either on the relevant Start or End 
date, then the Calculation Agent shall calculate the rate of interest for that Interest 
Period as if Index Determination was not specified in the applicable Issue Terms 
and as if Compounded Daily SONIA or Compounded Daily SOFR had been 
specified instead in the Issue Terms, and in each case "Observation Shift" had 
been specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Issue Terms, and where 
the Observation Shift Period shall be deemed to be the same as the Relevant 
Number specified in the Issue Terms and where, in the case of Compounded Daily 
SONIA, the Relevant Screen Page will be determined by the Issuer. For the 
avoidance of doubt, if a Benchmark Event has occurred in respect of the relevant 
Compounded Index, the provisions of Condition 3(h) shall apply. 
(xii) 
Notification of Rate of Interest and Interest Amount 
The Principal Paying Agent or the Portuguese Paying Agent, as applicable, will 
cause the Rate of Interest and each Interest Amount for each Interest Period and 
the relevant Interest Payment Date to be notified to the Issuer, the Irish Stock 
Exchange (in the case of Notes which are listed on the Official List of the Irish 
Stock Exchange and the rules of such stock exchange so require) and, if 
applicable, to any other stock exchange on which the relevant Notes are for the 
time being listed. In addition, the Principal Paying Agent or the Portuguese 
Paying Agent, as applicable, shall publish or cause to be published such Rate of 
Interest, Interest Amount and Interest Payment Date in accordance with General 
Condition 12 as soon as possible after their determination but in no event later 
than the fourth Business Day thereafter. Each Rate of Interest, Interest Amount 
and Interest Payment Date so notified may subsequently be amended (or 
appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of adjustment) in the event of 
an extension or shortening of the Interest Period. Any such amendment will be 
promptly notified to each stock exchange on which the relevant Notes are for the 
time being listed and to the Noteholders in accordance with General Condition 
12. 
(xiii) 
Certificates to be Final 
All certificates, communications, determinations, calculations and decisions 
made for the purposes of the provisions of this paragraph (b), by the Principal 
Paying Agent or the Portuguese Paying Agent, as applicable, shall (in the absence 
of wilful default, bad faith or manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the 
Principal Paying Agent, the other Paying Agents and all Noteholders, and (in the 
absence as aforesaid) no liability to the Noteholders shall attach to the Principal 
Paying Agent in connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, 
duties and discretions pursuant to such provisions. 
(c) 
Interest on Specified Interest Amount Notes 
Each Specified Interest Amount Note shall pay interest at an amount per Calculation 
Amount equal to the Specified Interest Amount so specified in the Specified Interest 
Amount provisions of the Issue Terms which shall be payable on the relevant Specified 
Interest Payment Date(s) also specified therein, adjusted, where applicable for any 
Business Day Convention. For the avoidance of doubt, different Specified Interest 
Amounts may be payable in respect of Specified Interest Payment Dates.

--- Page 99 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
 
- 84 - 
 
 
(d) 
Zero Coupon Notes 
Where a Zero Coupon Note becomes due and repayable prior to the Maturity Date and is 
not paid when due, the amount due and repayable shall be the amount determined in 
accordance with General Condition 5(g) as its Amortised Face Amount. As from the 
Maturity Date, any overdue principal of such Note shall bear interest at a rate per annum 
equal to the Accrual Yield specified in the Issue Terms. Such interest shall continue to 
accrue (as well after as before any judgment) until the day on which all sums due in respect 
of such Note up to that day are received by or on behalf of the holder of such Note. Such 
interest will be calculated on the basis of a 360 day year consisting of 12 months of 30 
days each and in the case of an incomplete month the actual number of days elapsed in 
such incomplete month or on such other basis as may be specified in the Issue Terms. 
(e) 
Interest on Reference Item Linked Interest Notes 
In the case of Reference Item Linked Interest Notes, where the Rate of Interest and/or the 
Interest Amount (whether on any Interest Payment Date, early redemption, maturity or 
otherwise) is to be determined by reference to one or more Reference Items, the Rate of 
Interest and/or the Interest Amount shall be determined where applicable as provided in 
the Payout Annex. 
(f) 
Interest on Partly Paid Notes 
In the case of Partly Paid Notes (other than Partly Paid Notes which are Zero Coupon 
Notes) interest will accrue as aforesaid on the paid-up nominal amount of such Notes. 
(g) 
Interest Payments and Accrual of Interest 
Interest will be paid subject to and in accordance with the provisions of General Condition 
4. Interest will cease to accrue on each Note (or, in the case of the redemption of part only 
of a Note, that part only of such Note) on the due date for redemption thereof unless 
otherwise provided in these General Conditions or any Annex and otherwise unless, upon 
due presentation thereof, payment of principal or the payment, and/or delivery of the 
Entitlement as set out in the Issue Terms (if applicable), is improperly withheld or refused, 
in which event interest will continue to accrue (as well after as before any judgment) at 
the Fixed Rate or, as the case may be, the Rate of Interest at such day count fraction as the 
Principal Paying Agent or the Portuguese Paying Agent, as applicable, determines 
appropriate or as otherwise provided in the Issue Terms until whichever is the earlier of 
(i) the day on which all sums due and/or assets comprised in the Entitlement in respect of 
such Note up to that day are received by or on behalf of the holder of such Note and (ii) 
the day on which the Principal Paying Agent or the Portuguese Paying Agent, as 
applicable, or any agent appointed by the Issuer to deliver such assets to Noteholders has 
notified the holder thereof (either in accordance with General Condition 12 or 
individually) of receipt of all sums due and/or assets comprised in the Entitlement in 
respect thereof up to that date (subject, in the case of Credit Linked Notes, to the provisions 
of Credit Linked Condition 4). 
(h) 
Benchmark Replacement (Independent Adviser) 
Other than in the case of a U.S. dollar-denominated floating rate Note for which the 
Reference Rate is specified in the relevant Issue Terms as being "SOFR" or "SOFR 
Compounded Index", this Condition 3(h) applies to Floating Rate Notes where Screen 
Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Issue Terms as the manner in which the 
Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) is to be determined. If the Issuer 
determines that a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to an Original Reference Rate when 
any Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) remains to be determined by reference 
to such Original Reference Rate, then the following provisions shall apply to the Notes: 
(i) 
the Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours, as soon as reasonably practicable, to 
appoint at its own expense an Independent Adviser to determine (without any 
requirement for the consent or approval of the Noteholders) (A) a Successor Rate

--- Page 100 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
 
- 85 - 
 
 
or, failing which, an Alternative Reference Rate, for the purposes of determining 
the Rate of Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) applicable to the 
Notes and (B) in either case, an Adjustment Spread. Without prejudice to the 
definitions thereof, for the purposes of determining any Successor Rate, 
Alternative Reference Rate and/or any Adjustment Spread, the Independent 
Adviser will take into account any relevant and applicable market precedents as 
well as any published guidance from relevant associations involved in the 
establishment of market standards and/or protocols in the international debt 
capital markets; 
(ii) 
if the Issuer (i) is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser; or (ii) the 
Independent Adviser appointed by it fails to determine a Successor Rate or, 
failing which, an Alternative Reference Rate in accordance with this Condition 
4(e) prior to the relevant Interest Determination Date, the Issuer (acting in good 
faith and in a commercially reasonable manner and following consultation with 
the Independent Adviser in the event one has been appointed but without any 
requirement for the consent or approval of the Noteholders) may determine (A) a 
Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Reference Rate and (B) in either 
case, an Adjustment Spread in accordance with this Condition 3(h). Without 
prejudice to the definitions thereof, for the purposes of determining any Successor 
Rate, Alternative Reference Rate and/or any Adjustment Spread, the Issuer will 
take into account any relevant and applicable market precedents as well as any 
published guidance from relevant associations involved in the establishment of 
market standards and/or protocols in the international debt capital markets; 
(iii) 
if a Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) 
is determined in accordance with paragraphs (i) or (ii) above, such Successor Rate 
or, failing which, Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) shall be the Original 
Reference Rate (subject to the subsequent operation of, and to adjustment as 
provided in, this Condition 4(e); 
(iv) 
if the Independent Adviser or, as the case may be, the Issuer (following 
consultation with the Independent Adviser (if any) but without any requirement 
for the consent or approval of the Noteholders) in each case acting in good faith 
and in a commercially reasonable manner, determines that an Adjustment Spread 
is required to be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Reference Rate 
(as applicable) and determines the quantum of, or a formula or methodology for 
determining, such Adjustment Spread, then such Adjustment Spread shall be 
applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable). 
If the Independent Adviser or, as the case may be, the Issuer is unable to determine 
the quantum of, or a formula or methodology for determining, such Adjustment 
Spread, then the Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) will 
apply without an Adjustment Spread; 
(v) 
if the Independent Adviser or, as the case may be, the Issuer (following 
consultation with the Independent Adviser (if any) but without any requirement 
for the consent or approval of the Noteholders) in each case acting in good faith 
and in a commercially reasonable manner, determines a Successor Rate or, failing 
which, an Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) and/or an Adjustment 
Spread in accordance with the above provisions, the Independent Adviser or, as 
the case may be, the Issuer may (without any requirement for the consent or 
approval of the holders of the Notes) also specify changes to these Conditions 
and/or the Agency Terms in order to ensure the proper operation of such 
Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate or any Adjustment Spread (as 
applicable), including, but not limited to, (A) the Day Count Fraction, Relevant 
Screen Page, Business Day, Interest Determination Date, Reset Determination 
Date, Mid-Swap Rate, Mid-Market Swap Rate and/or the definition of Reference 
Rate and (B) the method for determining the fall-back rate in relation to the Notes. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer and the Agent shall effect such 
consequential amendments to the Agency Terms and/or these Conditions as may 
be required in order to give effect to the application of this Condition 4(e). No

--- Page 101 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
 
- 86 - 
 
 
consent shall be required from the Noteholders in connection with determining or 
giving effect to the Successor Rate, Alternative Reference Rate or any Adjustment 
Spread (as applicable) or such other changes, including for the execution of any 
documents or other steps to be taken by the Issuer or the Agent (if required or 
useful); and 
(vi) 
the Issuer shall promptly, following the determination of any Successor Rate, 
Alternative Reference Rate or Adjustment Spread (as applicable), give notice 
thereof to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 12 (Notices) and the 
Agent (if different from the Issuer). Such notice shall specify the effective date(s) 
for such Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable), the 
Adjustment Spread (if any) and any consequential changes made to the Agency 
Terms and/or these Conditions (if any). 
An Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 3(h) shall act in good faith 
as an expert and (in the absence of bad faith or fraud) shall have no liability whatsoever to 
the Agent or the Noteholders for any advice given to the Issuer in connection with any 
determination made by the Issuer pursuant to this Condition 3(h). 
Without prejudice to the obligations of the Issuer under this Condition 3(h), the Original 
Reference Rate and the other provisions in this Condition 3(h) will continue to apply (i) if 
the Independent Adviser or, as the case may be, the Issuer (following consultation with 
the Independent Adviser (if any) but without any requirement for the consent or approval 
of the Noteholders) is unable to or does not determine a Successor Rate or an Alternative 
Reference Rate in accordance with this Condition 3(h), and (ii) where the Independent 
Adviser or, as the case may be, the Issuer does determine a Successor Rate or Alternative 
Reference Rate, unless and until the Agent (if different from the Issuer) and (in accordance 
with Condition 12 (Notices)) the Noteholders have been notified of the Successor Rate or 
Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable), the Adjustment Spread (if any) and any 
consequential changes made to the Agency Terms and the Conditions (if any). For the 
avoidance of doubt, this paragraph shall apply to the relevant next succeeding Interest 
Period or Reset Period (as applicable) only and any subsequent Interest Periods or Reset 
Periods (as applicable) 
are subject to the subsequent operation of, and to adjustment as 
provided in, this Condition 3(h). 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 3(h), no Successor Rate or 
Alternative Reference Rate or Adjustment Spread (as applicable) will be adopted, and no 
other amendments to the terms of the Notes will be made pursuant to this Condition 3(h), 
if and to the extent that, in the determination of the Issuer, the same could reasonably be 
expected to prejudice the qualification of the Notes as MREL Eligible Liabilities or Tier 
2 instruments of the Issuer, or, if and to the extent that, in the determination of the Issuer, 
the same could reasonably be expected to result in the relevant authority treating a future 
Reset Date or Interest Payment Date as the effective maturity of the Notes, rather than the 
relevant Maturity Date. 
For the purposes of this Condition 3(h): 
"Adjustment Spread" shall mean a spread (which may be positive or negative) or formula 
or methodology for calculating a spread, which the Independent Adviser or, as the case 
may be, the Issuer (following consultation with the Independent Adviser (if any) but 
without any requirement for the consent or approval of the Noteholders) in each case 
acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, determines is required to 
be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) in order 
to reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable in the relevant circumstances, 
any economic prejudice or benefit (as applicable) to the Noteholders as a result of the 
replacement of the Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate or the Alternative 
Reference Rate (as applicable) and is the spread, formula or methodology which: 
(a) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended in relation to the 
replacement of the Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any 
Relevant Nominating Body; or

--- Page 102 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
 
- 87 - 
 
 
(b) 
in the case of a Successor Rate for which no such recommendation has been 
made or in the case of an Alternative Reference Rate, the Independent Adviser 
or, as the case may be, the Issuer (following consultation with the Independent 
Adviser (if any) but without any requirement for the consent or approval of the 
Noteholders) in each case acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner, determines is recognised or acknowledged as being in customary 
market usage in international debt capital markets transactions which reference 
the Original Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced by the Successor 
Rate or the Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable); or 
(c) 
if no such customary market usage is recognised or acknowledged, the 
Independent Adviser or, as the case may be, the Issuer (following consultation 
with the Independent Adviser (if any) but without any requirement for the 
consent or approval of the Noteholders), in each case in its discretion and acting 
in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, determines to be 
appropriate; 
"Alternative Reference Rate" means the rate that the Independent Adviser or, as the case 
may be, the Issuer determines has replaced the Original Reference Rate in customary 
market usage in the international debt capital markets for the purposes of determining rates 
of interest (or the relevant component part thereof) for a commensurate period and in the 
same Specified Currency as the Notes, or, if the Independent Adviser or, as the case may 
be, the Issuer determines that there is no such rate, such other rate as the Independent 
Adviser or, as the case may be, the Issuer determines in its discretion is most comparable 
to the Original Reference Rate; 
"Benchmark Event" means: 
(a) 
the Original Reference Rate ceasing to be published for a period of at least five 
Business Days or ceasing to exist or be administered; or 
(b) 
the later of (A) the making of a public statement by the administrator of the 
Original Reference Rate stating that it will on or prior to a specified date cease 
to publish the Original Reference Rate, permanently or indefinitely (in 
circumstances where no successor administrator has been appointed that will 
continue publication of the Original Reference Rate) and (B) the date falling six 
months prior to the specified date referred to in (b)(A); or 
(c) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the 
Original Reference Rate stating that the Original Reference Rate has been 
permanently or indefinitely discontinued; or 
(d) 
the later of (A) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the 
administrator of the Original Reference Rate that the Original Reference Rate 
will, on or before a specified date, be permanently or indefinitely discontinued 
and (B) the date falling six months prior to the specified date referred to in (d)(A); 
or 
(e) 
the later of (A) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the 
administrator of the Original Reference Rate stating that the Original Reference 
Rate will be prohibited from being used or that its use will be subject to 
restrictions or adverse consequences, in each case on or before a specified date 
and (B) the date falling six months prior to the specified date referred to in (e)(A); 
or 
(f) 
it has, or will on or prior to a specified date within the following six months, 
become unlawful for the Issuer or the Agent, as the case may be, to calculate 
any payments due to be made to the holders of the Notes using the Original 
Reference Rate; or

--- Page 103 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
 
- 88 - 
 
 
(g) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the 
Original Reference Rate announcing that the Original Reference Rate is no 
longer representative or may no longer be used. 
"Independent Adviser" means an independent financial institution of international repute 
or other independent financial adviser experienced in the international debt capital markets, 
in each case selected and appointed by the Issuer; 
"Original Reference Rate" means the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) originally 
specified for the purpose of determining the relevant Rate of Interest (or any relevant 
component part(s) thereof) applicable to the Notes (or, if applicable, any other successor 
or alternative rate (or component part thereof) determined and applicable to the Notes 
pursuant to the earlier operation of this Condition 4(e)); 
"Relevant Nominating Body" means in respect of a benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable): 
(a) 
the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable) relates, or any central bank or other supervisory authority which is 
responsible for supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable); or 
(b) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or 
constituted at the request of (A) the central bank for the currency to which the 
benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) relates, (B) any central bank or other 
supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator of 
the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable), (C) a group of the aforementioned 
central banks or other supervisory authorities or (D) the Financial Stability 
Board or any part thereof; and 
"Successor Rate" means the rate that the Independent Adviser or, as the case may be, the 
Issuer determines is a successor to, or replacement of, the Original Reference Rate which 
is formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body. 
(i) 
Calculation Agent 
(i) 
If a Calculation Agent is specified in the Issue Terms, any determination specified 
in General Conditions 3(b) to (h) (inclusive) as being determinations to be made 
by the Principal Paying Agent or the Portuguese Paying Agent, as applicable, will 
instead be made by the Calculation Agent as if references to the Principal Paying 
Agent or the Portuguese Paying Agent, as applicable, in such General Conditions 
(and related provisions of the Agency Terms) were to the Calculation Agent. The 
Calculation Agent will notify any amount of interest to the Principal Paying Agent 
or the Portuguese Paying Agent, as applicable, as soon as reasonably practicable 
following its determination. 
(ii) 
A Calculation Agent must be appointed for the determination of the Rate of 
Interest where such determination is other than a single determination of the Rate 
of Interest for each Interest Period that is made in accordance with this General 
Condition 3 and the related provisions of the Agency Terms and without the 
imposition of any additional duties on the Principal Paying Agent or the 
Portuguese Paying Agent, as applicable,. 
(j) 
Definitions 
In these General Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires, the following defined 
terms shall have the meaning set out below: 
"Business Day" means: 
(i) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments 
and are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and

--- Page 104 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
 
- 89 - 
 
 
foreign currency deposits) in any Additional Business Centre (other than 
TARGET2 System) specified in the Issue Terms; and 
(ii) 
if TARGET2 System is specified as an Additional Business Centre in the 
applicable Issue Terms, a day on which the Trans-European Automated Real-
Time Gross Settlement Express Transfer (TARGET2) System (the "TARGET2 
System") is open; and 
(iii) 
either (1) in relation to any sum payable in a currency other than euro, a day on 
which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are 
open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign 
currency deposits) in the principal financial centre of the country of the relevant 
currency (and which, if the currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars 
shall be Sydney or Auckland, respectively) or (2) in relation to any sum payable 
in euro, a day (a "Target Settlement Day") on which the TARGET2 System is 
open. 
"Business Day Convention": If any date referred to in these General Conditions which is 
specified to be subject to adjustment in accordance with a business day convention would 
otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, then, if the business day convention 
specified in the Issue Terms is: 
(i) 
the "Floating Rate Convention", such date shall be postponed to the next day 
which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, 
in which event (i) such date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding 
Business Day and (ii) each subsequent such date shall be the last Business Day in 
the calendar month which is the specified number of months after the calendar 
month in which the preceding such date occurred; 
(ii) 
the "Following Business Day Convention", such date shall be postponed to the 
next day which is a Business Day; 
(iii) 
the "Modified Following Business Day Convention", such date shall be 
postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall 
into the next calendar month, in which event such date shall be brought forward 
to the immediately preceding Business Day; or 
(iv) 
the "Preceding Business Day Convention", such date shall be brought forward 
to the immediately preceding Business Day. 
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest for 
any Interest Period: 
(i) 
if "Actual/Actual (ICMA)" is specified in the Issue Terms: 
(A) 
in the case of Notes where the number of days in the relevant period from 
(and including) the most recent Interest Period End Date (or, if none, the 
Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment 
date (the "Accrual Period") is equal to or shorter than the Determination 
Period during which the Accrual Period ends, the number of days in such 
Accrual Period divided by the product of (1) the number of days in such 
Determination Period and (2) the number of Determination Dates (as 
specified in the Issue Terms) that would occur in one calendar year; or 
(B) 
in the case of Notes where the Accrual Period is longer than the 
Determination Period during which the Accrual Period ends, the sum of: 
(C) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the Determination 
Period in which the Accrual Period begins divided by the product of (a) 
the number of days in such Determination Period and (b) the number of 
Determination Dates (as specified in the Issue Terms) that would occur 
in one calendar year; and

--- Page 105 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
 
- 90 - 
 
 
(D) 
the number of days In such Accrual Period falling in the next 
Determination Period divided by the product of (a) the number of days 
in such Determination Period and (b) the number of Determination Dates 
that would occur in one calendar year; 
"Determination Date(s)" means the date(s) specified in the Issue Terms; 
"Determination Period" means each period from (and including) a Determination Date 
to but excluding the next Determination Date (including, where either the Interest 
Commencement Date or the Interest Period End Date is not a Determination Date, the 
period commencing on the first Determination Date prior to, and ending on the first 
Determination Date falling after, such date); 
(i) 
if "Actual/Actual (ISDA)" or "Actual/Actual" is specified in the Issue Terms, 
the actual number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion 
of that Interest Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (1) the actual number of days 
in that portion of the Interest Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (2) 
the actual number of days in that portion of the Interest Period falling in a non-
leap year divided by 365); 
(ii) 
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is specified in the Issue Terms, the actual number of days 
in the Interest Period divided by 365; 
(iii) 
if "Actual/365 (Sterling)" is specified in the Issue Terms, the actual number of 
days in the Interest Period divided by 365 or, in the case of an Interest Payment 
Date falling in a leap year, 366; 
(iv) 
if "Actual/360" is specified in the Issue Terms, the actual number of days in the 
Interest Period divided by 360; 
(v) 
if "30/360", "360/360" or "Bond Basis" is specified in the Issue Terms, the 
number of days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula 
basis as follows: 
𝐷𝑎𝑦 𝐶𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑡 𝐹𝑟𝑎𝑐𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛ൌሾ360 ൈሺ𝑌ଶെ𝑌ଵሻሿ൅ሾ30 ൈሺ𝑀ଶെ𝑀ଵሻሿ൅ሺ𝐷ଶെ𝐷ଵሻ
360
 
where: 
"Y1" 
is the year expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period 
falls; 
"Y2" 
is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"M1" 
is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
"M2" 
is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"D1" 
is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such 
number is 31 in which case D1, will be 30; and 
"D2" 
is the calendar day expressed as a number immediately following the last day 
included in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1, is greater 
than 29, in which case D2 will be 30;

--- Page 106 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
 
- 91 - 
 
 
(vi) 
if "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is specified in the Issue Terms, the number of 
days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as 
follows: 
𝐷𝑎𝑦 𝐶𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑡 𝐹𝑟𝑎𝑐𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛ൌሾ360 ൈሺ𝑌ଶെ𝑌ଵሻሿ൅ሾ30 ൈሺ𝑀ଶെ𝑀ଵሻሿ൅ሺ𝐷ଶെ𝐷ଵሻ
360
 
where: 
"Y1" 
is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period 
falls; 
"'Y2" 
is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"Ml" 
is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
"M2" 
is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"D1" 
is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such 
number would be 31 in which case Dl, will be 30; and 
"D2" 
is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case 
D2 will be 30; 
(vii) 
if "30E/360 (ISDA)" is specified in the Issue Terms, the number of days in the 
Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
𝐷𝑎𝑦 𝐶𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑡 𝐹𝑟𝑎𝑐𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛ൌሾ360 ൈሺ𝑌ଶെ𝑌ଵሻሿ൅ሾ30 ൈሺ𝑀ଶെ𝑀ଵሻሿ൅ሺ𝐷ଶെ𝐷ଵሻ
360
 
where: 
"Y1" 
is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period 
falls; 
"Y2" 
is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"M1" 
is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
"M2" 
is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"Dl" 
is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless (i) 
that day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case 
D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" 
is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Interest Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but 
not the Maturity Date or (ii) such number would be 31 in which case D2 will be 
30. 
(i) 
if "1/1" or "1" is specified, one. 
(ii) 
if "Not applicable" is specified then the Day Count Fraction will not be 
taken into account in any calculation of interest.

--- Page 107 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
 
- 92 - 
 
 
4. 
Payments, Physical Delivery and Exchange of Talons 
For the purposes of this General Condition 4, references to payment or repayment (as the case may 
be) of principal and/or interest and other similar expressions shall, where the context so admits, be 
deemed also to refer to delivery of any Entitlement(s). 
(a) 
Method of Payment 
(i) 
Bearer Notes 
Payments of principal and interest (if any) in respect of the Definitive Bearer 
Notes will (subject as provided below) be made against presentation or surrender 
of such Bearer Notes or Coupons, as the case may be, at any specified office of 
any Paying Agent. Payments of principal in respect of instalments (if any), other 
than the last instalment, will (subject as provided below) be made against 
surrender of the relevant Receipt. Payment of the last instalment will be made 
against surrender of the relevant Bearer Note. Each Receipt must be presented for 
payment of such instalment together with the relevant Definitive Bearer Note 
against which the amount will be payable in respect of that instalment. If any 
Definitive Bearer Notes are redeemed or become repayable prior to the Maturity 
Date in respect thereof, principal will be payable on surrender of each such Note 
together with all unmatured Receipts appertaining thereto. Unmatured Receipts 
and Receipts presented without the Definitive Bearer Notes to which they 
appertain do not constitute obligations of the Issuer. All payments of interest and 
principal with respect to Bearer Notes will be made only against presentation and 
surrender of the relevant Bearer Notes, Coupons or Receipts outside the United 
States (which expression, as used herein, means the United States of America and 
except as otherwise provided in the third succeeding paragraph. No payment with 
respect to the Bearer Notes will be made by mail to an address in the United States 
or by transfer to an account maintained by the holder in the United States. 
Subject as provided below and subject also as provided in the Issue Terms, 
payments in respect of definitive Notes (other than Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate 
Notes) denominated in a currency (other than euro) or, in the case of Foreign 
Exchange (FX) Rate Notes, payable in a currency (other than euro) will (subject 
as provided below) be by transfer to an account in the currency maintained by the 
payee with, a bank in the principal financial centre of the country of such currency 
(which, if the Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars, 
shall be Sydney and Auckland, respectively). Payments in euro will be made by 
credit or transfer to a euro account or any other account to which euro may be 
credited. 
(ii) 
Global Notes 
Payments of principal and interest (if any) in respect of Notes represented by any 
Global Note will be made in the manner specified above and otherwise in the 
manner specified in the relevant Global Note against presentation or surrender, as 
the case may be, of such Global Note at the specified office of any Paying Agent 
outside of the United States. A record of each payment made on such Global Note, 
distinguishing between any payment of principal and any payment of interest, will 
be made on such Global Note by the Paying Agent to which such Global Note is 
presented for the purpose of making such payment, and such record shall be prima 
facie evidence that the payment in question has been made. 
Payments in respect of the Book Entry Notes will be made by transfer to the 
registered account of the Noteholders maintained by or on behalf of it with a bank 
that processes payments in Euro, details of which appear in the records of the 
relevant Affiliated Member of Interbolsa at the close of business on the Payment 
Day (as defined below) before the due date for payment of principal and/or 
interest.

--- Page 108 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
 
- 93 - 
 
 
Payments in respect of the Book Entry Notes will be made by transfer to the 
registered account of the Noteholders maintained by or on behalf of it with a bank 
that processes payments in Euro, details of which appear in the records of the 
relevant Affiliated Member of Interbolsa at the close of business on the Payment 
Day (as defined below) before the due date for payment of principal and/or 
interest. 
(iii) 
Payments in United States 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, payments in respect of Bearer Notes denominated 
and payable in US dollars will be made at the specified office of any Paying Agent 
in the United States if (a) the Issuer shall have appointed Paying Agents with 
specified offices outside the United States with the reasonable expectation that 
such Paying Agents would be able to make payment at such specified offices 
outside the United States of the full amount due on the Bearer Notes in the manner 
provided above when due; (b) payment of the full amount due at all such specified 
offices outside the United States is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange 
controls or other similar restrictions on the full payment or receipt of principal 
and interest in US dollars; and (c) such payment is then permitted under United 
States law without involving, in the opinion of the Issuer, adverse tax 
consequences for the Issuer. 
(iv) 
Coupons 
Fixed Rate Bearer Notes in definitive form should be presented for payment with 
all unmatured Coupons appertaining thereto (which expression shall include 
Coupons to be issued on exchange of Talons which will have matured on or before 
the relevant redemption date), failing which the full amount of any missing 
unmatured Coupon (or, in the case of payment not being made in full, that 
proportion of the full amount of such missing unmatured Coupon which the sum 
so paid bears to the total amount due) will be deducted from the sum due for 
payment. Any amount so deducted will be paid in the manner mentioned above 
against surrender of the relevant missing Coupon within a period of 10 years from 
the Relevant Date (as defined in General Condition 6) for the payment of such 
sum due for payment, whether or not such Coupon has become void pursuant to 
General Condition 9 or, if later, five years from the due date for payment of such 
Coupon. Upon any Fixed Rate Bearer Note becoming due and repayable prior to 
its Maturity Date, all unmatured Talons (if any) appertaining thereto will become 
void and no further Coupons will be issued in respect thereof. 
Upon the due date for redemption of any Floating Rate Note, Specified Interest 
Amount Note, Index Linked Note, Equity Linked Note, Inflation Linked Note, 
Fund Linked Note, Credit Linked Note, Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Note 
or Combination Note in definitive bearer form all unmatured Coupons relating to 
such Note (whether or not attached) shall become void and no payment shall be 
made in respect of them. Where any Floating Rate Note, Specified Interest 
Amount Note, Index Linked Note, Equity Linked Note, Inflation Linked Note, 
Fund Linked Note, Credit Linked Note, Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Note 
or Combination Note is presented for redemption without all unmatured Coupons 
appertaining thereto, payment of all amounts due in relation to such Note shall be 
made only against the provision of such indemnity of the Issuer. 
(v) 
Payments 
If any date for payment of any amount in respect of any Note, Receipt or Coupon 
is not a Payment Day, then the holder thereof shall not be entitled to payment of 
the amount due until the next following Payment Day and shall not be entitled to 
any interest or other sum in respect of any such delay. 
For these purposes, "Payment Day" means any day which (subject to General 
Condition 9) is a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets

--- Page 109 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
 
- 94 - 
 
 
settle payments and are open for general business (including dealing in foreign 
exchange and foreign currency deposits) in: 
(i) 
either (i) in relation to any sum payable in a currency other than euro, a 
day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle 
payments and are open for general business (including dealing in foreign 
exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the principal financial centre 
of the country of the relevant currency (if other than the place of 
presentation, any Financial Centre and which, (x) if such currency is 
Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars, shall be Sydney and 
Auckland, respectively) and (y) if such currency is Renminbi, shall be 
Beijing and Hong Kong) or (ii) in relation to any sum payable in euro, a 
day on which the TARGET2 System is open; 
(ii) 
each city specified as a Financial Centre (each, a "Financial Centre") 
(other than TARGET2 System) in the Issue Terms; 
(iii) 
if TARGET2 System is specified as Financial Centre in the applicable 
Issue Terms, a day on which the TARGET2 System is open; and 
(iv) 
in relation to Notes in definitive form, the relevant place of presentation; 
On and after the Interest Payment Date on which the final Coupon comprised in any 
Coupon sheet matures, the Talon (if any) forming part of such Coupon sheet may be 
surrendered at the specified office of the Principal Paying Agent or any other Paying Agent 
in exchange for a further Coupon sheet including (if such further Coupon sheet does not 
include Coupons to, and including, the final date for the payment of interest due in respect 
of the Note to which it appertains) a further Talon, subject to the provisions of General 
Condition 10. Each Talon shall, for the purposes of these Conditions, be deemed to mature 
on the Interest Payment Date on which the final Coupon comprised in the relative Coupon 
sheet matures. 
Payments in respect of the Notes will be subject in all cases to (i) any fiscal or other laws 
and regulations applicable thereto in the place of payment, but without prejudice to the 
provisions of General Condition 6, (ii) any withholding or deduction required pursuant to 
an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the 
"Code") or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any 
regulations or agreements thereunder, any official interpretations thereof, or any law 
implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto and (iii) any withholding or 
deduction required pursuant to Section 871(m) of the Code ("871(m) Withholding"). In 
addition, in determining the amount of 871(m) Withholding imposed with respect to any 
amounts to be paid on the Notes, the Issuer shall be entitled to withhold on any "dividend 
equivalent" (as defined for purposes of Section 871(m) of the Code) at the highest rate 
applicable to such payments regardless of any exemption from, or reduction in, such 
withholding otherwise available under applicable law. 
Payments on the Notes that reference U.S. securities or an index that includes U.S. 
securities may be calculated by reference to dividends on such U.S. securities that are 
reinvested at a rate of 70%. In such case, in calculating the relevant payment amount, the 
holder will be deemed to receive, and the Issuer will be deemed to withhold, 30% of any 
"dividend equivalent" payments (as defined in Section 871(m) of the Code) in respect of 
the relevant U.S. securities. The Issuer will not pay any additional amounts to the holder 
on account of the Section 871(m) amount deemed withheld. 
(b) 
Physical Delivery 
(i) 
Physical Delivery of Bearer Notes 
(i) 
Asset Transfer Notices 
In relation to Bearer Notes to be redeemed by delivery or, in the case of 
Credit Linked Notes, Delivery (as such term is defined in the Credit

--- Page 110 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
 
- 95 - 
 
 
Linked Conditions of the Entitlement(s) (as defined below), in order to 
obtain delivery or Delivery, as the case may be, of the Entitlement in 
respect of any Note, the relevant Noteholder must: 
(1) 
if such Note is represented by a Global Note, deliver to 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg (as applicable), with a 
copy to the Principal Paying Agent and any entity appointed by 
the Issuer to deliver or Deliver, as the case may be, the 
Entitlement on its behalf (the "Delivery Agent") no later than 
the close of business in each place of reception on the Cut-Off 
Date, a duly completed asset transfer notice substantially in the 
form set out in the Agency Terms (the "Asset Transfer Notice"); 
and 
(2) 
if such Note is in definitive form, deliver to any Paying Agent 
with a copy to the Principal Paying Agent and the Delivery 
Agent (as defined above) no later than the close of business in 
each place of reception on the Cut-Off Date, a duly completed 
Asset Transfer Notice. 
For the purposes hereof, "Cut-off Date" means the date specified as such 
in the Issue Terms or if not so specified (a) in respect of a Note that is 
not a Credit Linked Note, the fifth Business Day immediately preceding 
the Delivery Date or (b) in respect of a Credit Linked Note, the third 
Business Day immediately preceding the Credit Settlement Date. 
A form of Asset Transfer Notice may be obtained during normal business 
hours from the specified office of any Paying Agent. 
An Asset Transfer Notice may only be delivered (i) if such Note is 
represented by a Global Note, in such manner as is acceptable to 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, or (ii) if such 
Note is in definitive form, in writing. 
If a Note is in definitive form, it must be delivered together with the duly 
completed Asset Transfer Notice. 
The Asset Transfer Notice shall: 
(1) 
specify the name, address and contact telephone number of the 
relevant Noteholder and the person from whom the Issuer or 
Delivery Agent may obtain details for the delivery or Delivery 
of the Entitlement; 
(2) 
specify the series number of the Notes and the number of Notes 
which are the subject of such notice; 
(3) 
in the case of Notes represented by a Global Note, specify the 
nominal amount of Notes which are the subject of such notice 
and the number of the Noteholder's account at the relevant 
Clearing System to be debited with such Notes and irrevocably 
instruct and authorise the relevant Clearing System to debit the 
relevant Noteholder's account with such Notes on or before the 
Delivery Date or (in the case of Credit Linked Notes) the Credit 
Settlement Date; 
(4) 
include an undertaking to pay all Expenses (as defined below) 
and, in the case of Notes represented by a Global Note, an 
authority to the relevant Clearing System to debit a specified 
account of the Noteholder with the relevant Clearing System in 
respect thereof and to pay such Expenses;

--- Page 111 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
 
- 96 - 
 
 
(5) 
include such details as are required for delivery or Delivery of 
the Entitlement which may include account details and/or the 
name and address of any person(s) into whose name evidence of 
the Entitlement is to be registered and/or any bank, broker or 
agent to whom documents evidencing the Entitlement are to be 
delivered or Delivered and specify the name and number of the 
Noteholder's account to be credited with any cash payable by the 
Issuer, (including, where applicable, pursuant to Credit Linked 
Condition 1, in respect of any cash amount constituting the 
Entitlement) or any dividends relating to the Entitlement or as a 
result of the occurrence of a Settlement Disruption Event or a 
Failure to Deliver due to Illiquidity and the Issuer electing to pay 
the Disruption Cash Redemption Amount or Failure to Deliver 
Redemption Amount, as applicable, or as a result of the Issuer 
electing to pay the Alternate Cash Redemption Amount (each as 
defined below); 
(6) 
certify that the beneficial owner of each Note is not a U.S. person 
(as defined in the Asset Transfer Notice), the Note is not being 
redeemed within the United States or on behalf of a U.S. person 
and no cash, securities or other property have been or will be 
delivered within the United States or to, or for the account or 
benefit of, a U.S. person in connection with any redemption 
thereof; and 
(7) 
authorise the production of such certification in any applicable 
administrative or legal proceedings, 
all as provided in the Agency Terms. 
Copies of such Asset Transfer Notice may be obtained from any Paying Agent. 
(ii) 
Determinations and Delivery 
Any determination as to whether an Asset Transfer Notice is duly completed and 
in proper form shall be made by the relevant Paying Agent in consultation with 
the Principal Paying Agent or the Portuguese Paying Agent, as applicable, and 
shall be conclusive and binding on the Issuer, the Principal Paying Agent(s), any 
Delivery Agent and the relevant Noteholder. Subject as set out below, any Asset 
Transfer Notice so determined to be incomplete or not in proper form, or which 
is not copied to the Principal Paying Agent or the Portuguese Paying Agent, as 
applicable, and any Delivery Agent immediately after being delivered or sent as 
provided in paragraph (i), shall be null and void. 
If such Asset Transfer Notice is subsequently corrected to the satisfaction of, in 
the case of Notes represented by a Global Note, the relevant Clearing System, or, 
in the case of Notes in definitive form, by the relevant Paying Agent in 
consultation with the Principal Paying Agent or the Portuguese Paying Agent, as 
applicable, it shall be deemed to be a new Asset Transfer Notice submitted at the 
time such correction was delivered as provided above. 
The relevant Clearing System or the relevant Paying Agent shall use its 
reasonable efforts as soon as reasonably practicable to notify the Noteholder 
submitting an Asset Transfer Notice, if, in consultation with the Principal Paying 
Agent or the Portuguese Paying Agent, as applicable, and the Issuer, it has 
determined that such Asset Transfer Notice is incomplete or not in proper form. 
In the absence of negligence or wilful misconduct on its part, none of the Issuer, 
the Paying Agents or the relevant Clearing System shall be liable to any person 
with respect to any action taken or omitted to be taken by it in connection with 
such determination or the notification of such determination to a Noteholder.

--- Page 112 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
 
- 97 - 
 
 
No Asset Transfer Notice may be withdrawn after receipt thereof by the relevant 
Clearing System or a Paying Agent, as the case may be, as provided above. After 
delivery of an Asset Transfer Notice, the relevant Noteholder may not transfer the 
Notes which are the subject of such notice. 
The Entitlement will be delivered on the date fixed for redemption (such date, 
subject to adjustment in accordance with this General Condition 4(b), the 
"Delivery Date") or (in the case of Credit Linked Notes) Delivered on the Credit 
Settlement Date, in each case at the risk of the relevant Noteholder in the manner 
provided below and provided that, in each case, the Asset Transfer Notice is duly 
delivered as provided above not later than the close of business in each place of 
reception on the Cut-Off Date. 
If a Noteholder fails to give an Asset Transfer Notice as provided herein with a 
copy to each relevant party prior to the close of business in each place of reception 
on the Cut-Off Date, then the Entitlement will be delivered or, as the case may 
be, Delivered as soon as practicable after the Delivery Date or the Credit 
Settlement Date, as the case may be, at the risk of such Noteholder in the manner 
set out below, Provided that, if in respect of a Note, an Asset Transfer Notice is 
not delivered to the relevant Clearing System and/or each other relevant party, as 
the case may be, with a copy to the Issuer, prior to the close of business in each 
place of reception on the 90th calendar day following the Cut-off Date then (a) if 
"Assessed Value Payment Amount" is specified as applicable in the Issue 
Terms, the Issuer shall as soon as reasonably practicable following such date 
determine the Assessed Value Payment Amount (as defined below) and in respect 
of such Note shall pay the Assessed Value Payment Amount to the relevant 
Noteholder in lieu of delivery of the Entitlement as soon as reasonably practicable 
following determination of the Assessed Value Payment Amount, or (b) if 
"Assessed Value Payment Amount" is specified as "not applicable" in the Issue 
Terms, the Issuer's obligations in respect of such Note shall be discharged and no 
further liability in respect thereof shall attach to the Issuer. Upon payment of the 
Assessed Value Payment Amount, if applicable, the Issuer's obligations in respect 
of such Note shall be discharged. For the avoidance of doubt, in the circumstances 
described above, such Noteholder shall not be entitled to any payment, whether 
of interest or otherwise, as a result of a failure to give an Asset Transfer Notice in 
relation to a Delivery Date or the Credit Settlement Date, as applicable and no 
liability in respect thereof shall attach to the Issuer. 
The Issuer (or any Delivery Agent on its behalf) shall, at the risk of the relevant 
Noteholder, deliver (or procure the delivery) or Deliver (or procure the Delivery) 
of the Entitlement for each Note, in such commercially reasonable manner as the 
Calculation Agent shall in its sole discretion determine and notify to the person 
designated by the Noteholder in the relevant Asset Transfer Notice. All costs, 
taxes, duties and/or expenses including stamp duty, stamp duty reserve tax and/or 
other costs, duties or taxes ("Expenses") arising from the delivery or Delivery, as 
the case may be, of the Entitlement, in respect of such Notes shall be for the 
account of the relevant Noteholder and no delivery or Delivery of the Entitlement 
shall be made until all Expenses have been paid by the relevant Noteholder to the 
satisfaction of the Issuer. 
(iii) 
General 
Notes held by the same Noteholder will be aggregated for the purpose of 
determining the aggregate Entitlements in respect of such Notes, provided that, 
the aggregate Entitlements in respect of the same Noteholder will be rounded 
down to the nearest whole unit of the Relevant Asset or each of the Relevant 
Assets, as the case may be, in such manner as the Calculation Agent shall 
determine. Fractions of the Relevant Asset or of each of the Relevant Assets, as 
the case may be, will not be delivered and in lieu thereof a cash adjustment 
calculated by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion shall be 
paid to the Noteholder.

--- Page 113 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
 
- 98 - 
 
 
Following the Delivery Date or Credit Settlement Date in respect of a share 
forming part of the Entitlement, all dividends on the relevant shares to be 
delivered will be payable to the relevant party according to market practice 
assuming a sale of the shares has been executed on the Delivery Date or Credit 
Settlement Date. Any such dividends to be paid to a Noteholder will be paid to 
the account specified by the Noteholder in the relevant Asset Transfer Notice as 
referred to in General Condition 4(b)(i)(i)(1). 
For such period of time after delivery or Delivery of the Entitlement until the 
Delivery Date or the Credit Settlement Date (the "Intervening Period"), none of 
the Issuer, the Paying Agents, any Delivery Agent or any other person shall at any 
time (i) be under any obligation to deliver or procure delivery to any Noteholder 
any letter, certificate, notice, circular or any other document or, except as 
provided herein, payment whatsoever received by that person in respect of such 
securities, obligations or Deliverable Obligations, (ii) be under any obligation to 
exercise or procure exercise of any or all rights attaching to such securities, 
obligations or Deliverable Obligations or (iii) be under any liability to a 
Noteholder in respect of any loss or damage which such Noteholder may sustain 
or suffer as a result, whether directly or indirectly, of that person being registered 
during such Intervening Period as legal owner of such securities, obligations or 
Deliverable Obligations. 
(iv) 
Settlement Disruption 
The provisions of this General Condition 4(b)(i)(iv) apply to Notes other than 
Credit Linked Notes. 
If, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, delivery of the Entitlement in such 
commercially reasonable manner as the Calculation Agent has determined is not 
practicable by reason of a Settlement Disruption Event other than a Relevant 
Asset Redemption Event (each as defined below) having occurred and continuing 
on the Delivery Date, then the Delivery Date shall be postponed to the first 
following Settlement Business Day in respect of which there is no such Settlement 
Disruption Event, provided that, the Issuer may elect in its sole discretion to 
satisfy its obligations in respect of the relevant Note by delivering the Entitlement 
using such other commercially reasonable manner as it may select and in such 
event the Delivery Date shall be such day as the Issuer deems appropriate in 
connection with delivery of the Entitlement in such other commercially 
reasonable manner. Following the occurrence of a Relevant Asset Redemption 
Event, the Entitlement Amount shall be deemed to be a cash amount equal to the 
proceeds of redemption of the Entitlement specified in the Issue Terms less 
(where "Unwind Costs" are specified as being applicable in the Issue Terms), an 
amount equal to all Unwind Costs (as defined below), as determined by the 
Calculation Agent and notified to the Noteholders in accordance with General 
Condition 13. For the avoidance of doubt, where a Settlement Disruption Event 
affects some but not all of the Relevant Assets comprising the Entitlement, the 
Delivery Date for the Relevant Assets not affected by the Settlement Disruption 
Event will be the originally designated Delivery Date. For so long as delivery of 
the Entitlement is not practicable by reason of a Settlement Disruption Event other 
than a Relevant Asset Redemption Event, then in lieu of physical settlement and 
notwithstanding any other provision hereof the Issuer may elect in its sole 
discretion to satisfy its obligations in respect of the relevant Note by payment to 
the relevant Noteholder of the Disruption Cash Redemption Amount (as defined 
below) on the fifth Business Day following the date that notice of such election 
is given to the Noteholders in accordance with General Condition 12. Payment of 
the Disruption Cash Redemption Amount will be made in such manner as shall 
be notified to the Noteholders in accordance with General Condition 12. The 
Calculation Agent shall give notice as soon as practicable to the Noteholders in 
accordance with General Condition 12 that a Settlement Disruption Event has 
occurred. No Noteholder shall be entitled to any payment in respect of the relevant 
Note in the event of any delay in the delivery of the Entitlement due to the

--- Page 114 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
 
- 99 - 
 
 
occurrence of a Settlement Disruption Event and no liability in respect thereof 
shall attach to the Issuer. 
For the purposes hereof: 
"Disruption Cash Redemption Amount" means, in respect of any relevant Note, 
the fair market value of such Note (taking into account, where the Settlement 
Disruption Event affected some but not all of the Relevant Assets comprising the 
Entitlement and such non affected Relevant Assets have been duly delivered as 
provided above, the value of such Relevant Assets) less the cost to the Issuer 
and/or its affiliates of unwinding any underlying related hedging arrangements, 
all as determined by the Issuer in its sole and absolute discretion; 
"Hedging Arrangements" means any transaction(s), asset(s) or trading 
position(s) the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates or agents may enter into or hold 
from time to time (including, if applicable, on a portfolio basis) to hedge directly 
or indirectly and whether in whole or in part the credit or other price risk of the 
Issuer issuing and performing its obligations with respect to the Notes. 
"Relevant Asset Redemption Event" means, in respect of a Relevant Asset 
which is specified in the Issue Terms to be a debt obligation in the form of a bond, 
that the Relevant Asset has been redeemed for any reason, on or prior to the 
Maturity Date of the Notes; 
"Settlement Business Day" has the meaning specified in the Issue Terms; 
"Settlement Disruption Event" means, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, 
an event beyond the control of the Issuer as a result of which the Issuer cannot 
make delivery of the Relevant Asset(s) using the method specified in the 
Conditions and/or the Issue Terms; and 
"Unwind Costs" means the amount specified in the Issue Terms (if any) or if 
"Standard Unwind Costs" are specified in the Issue Terms, an amount 
determined by the Calculation Agent equal to, in respect of each Note equal to 
the Calculation Amount, such Note's pro rata share of the aggregate sum of 
(without duplication) all costs (including loss of funding), fees, charges, expenses, 
tax and duties incurred by the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates in connection with 
the redemption of the Relevant Assets and the Notes and the related termination, 
settlement or re-establishment of any Hedging Arrangements. 
(v) 
Failure to Deliver due to Illiquidity 
The provisions of this General Condition 4(b)(i)(v) apply to the Notes other than 
Credit Linked Notes. 
If "Failure to Deliver due to Illiquidity" is specified as applying in the Issue 
Terms and, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, it is impossible or 
impracticable to deliver, when due, some or all of the Relevant Assets (the 
"Affected Relevant Assets") comprising the Entitlement, where such failure to 
deliver is due to illiquidity in the market for the Relevant Assets (a "Failure to 
Deliver due to Illiquidity"), then: 
(1) 
subject as provided elsewhere in the Conditions, any Relevant Assets 
which are not Affected Relevant Assets, will be delivered on the 
originally designated date of redemption in accordance with this General 
Condition 4(b); and 
(2) 
in respect of any Affected Relevant Assets, in lieu of physical settlement 
and notwithstanding any other provision hereof the Issuer may elect in 
its sole discretion to satisfy its obligations in respect of the relevant Note 
by payment to the relevant Noteholder of the Failure to Deliver 
Redemption Amount (as defined below) on the fifth Business Day

--- Page 115 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
 
- 100 - 
 
 
following the date that notice of such election is given to the Noteholders 
in accordance with General Condition 12. Payment of the Failure to 
Deliver Redemption Amount will be made in such manner as shall be 
notified to the Noteholders in accordance with General Condition 12. The 
Calculation Agent shall give notice as soon as practicable to the 
Noteholders in accordance with General Condition 12 that the provisions 
of this General Condition 4(b)(i)(v) apply. 
For the purposes hereof, "Failure to Deliver Redemption Amount" means, in 
respect of any relevant Note, the fair market value of such Note (taking into 
account, the Relevant Assets comprising the Entitlement which have been duly 
delivered as provided above, the value of such Relevant Assets), less the cost to 
the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates of unwinding any underlying related hedging 
arrangements, all as determined by the Issuer in its sole and absolute discretion. 
(ii) 
Physical Delivery of Book Entry Notes 
In respect of Book Entry Notes to be redeemed by delivery or, in the case of Credit 
Linked Notes, Delivery (as such term is defined in the Credit Linked Conditions) 
of the Entitlement(s), such delivery or Delivery, as the case may be, will be made 
in accordance with the rules and procedures of Interbolsa for physical delivery in 
force from time to time. 
(iii) 
Variation of Settlement 
If the Issue Terms indicate that the Issuer has an option to vary settlement in 
respect of the Notes, the Issuer may at its sole and unfettered discretion in respect 
of each such Note, elect not to pay the relevant Noteholders the Final Redemption 
Amount or to deliver or procure delivery of the Entitlement to the relevant 
Noteholders, as the case may be, but, in lieu thereof to deliver or procure delivery 
of the Entitlement or make payment of the Final Redemption Amount on the 
Maturity Date to the relevant Noteholders, as the case may be. Notification of 
such election will be given to Noteholders in accordance with General Condition 
12 and the provisions of Condition 4(b) (Physical Delivery) shall apply 
accordingly. Where so specified in the Issue Terms, the Issuer shall give not less 
than the minimum period of notice and/or not more than the maximum period of 
notice. 
(iv) 
Issuer's Option to Substitute Assets or to pay the Alternate Cash Redemption 
Amount 
Notwithstanding any provision of these General Conditions to the contrary, the 
Issuer may, in its sole and absolute discretion in respect of Notes to which this 
General Condition 4(b) applies, if the Calculation Agent determines (in its sole 
and absolute discretion) that the Relevant Asset or Relevant Assets, as the case 
may be, comprises assets which are not freely tradable, elect either (i) to substitute 
for the Relevant Asset or the Relevant Assets, as the case may be, an equivalent 
value (as determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion) 
of such other assets which the Calculation Agent determines, in its sole and 
absolute discretion, are freely tradable (the "Substitute Asset" or the "Substitute 
Assets", as the case may be) or (ii) not to deliver or procure the delivery of the 
Entitlement or the Substitute Asset or Substitute Assets, to the relevant 
Noteholders, but in lieu thereof to make payment to the relevant Noteholder on 
the Delivery Date of an amount equal to the fair market value of the Entitlement 
on or about the time of so electing as determined by the Calculation Agent in its 
sole and absolute discretion by reference to such sources as it considers 
appropriate (the "Alternate Cash Redemption Amount"). Notification of any 
such election will be given to Noteholders in accordance with General Condition 
12 and in the event that the Issuer elects to pay the Alternate Cash Redemption 
Amount such notice shall give details of the manner in which such amount shall 
be paid.

--- Page 116 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
 
- 101 - 
 
 
For purposes hereof, a "freely tradable" security shall mean (i) with respect to 
the United States, a security which is registered under the Securities Act or not 
restricted under the Securities Act and which is not purchased from the issuer of 
such security and not purchased from an affiliate of the issuer of such security or 
which otherwise meets the requirements of a freely tradable security for purposes 
of the Securities Act, in each case, as determined by the Calculation Agent in its 
sole and absolute discretion or (ii) with respect to any other jurisdiction, a security 
not subject to any legal restrictions on transfer in such jurisdiction. 
(v) 
Rights of Noteholders and Calculations 
None of the Issuer, the Calculation Agent, any Delivery Agent and the Agents 
shall have any responsibility for any errors or omissions in any calculation or 
determination in respect of the Notes. 
The purchase of Notes does not confer on any holder of such Notes any rights 
(whether in respect of voting, distributions or otherwise) attaching to any 
Relevant Asset. 
(vi) 
For the purposes of the General Conditions: 
"Affiliate" means, in relation to any entity (the "First Entity"), any entity 
controlled, directly or indirectly, by the First Entity, any entity that controls, 
directly or indirectly, the First Entity or any entity directly or indirectly under 
common control with the First Entity. For these purposes "control" means 
ownership of a majority of the voting power of an entity; and 
"Assessed Value Payment Amount" means, in respect of a Note, an amount 
determined by the Calculation Agent to be the fair market value of the assets 
comprised in the Entitlement in respect of such Note less the cost to the Issuer 
and/or its Affiliates of unwinding any underlying relating hedging arrangements, 
all as determined by the Issuer. 
5. 
Redemption and Purchase 
(a) 
Redemption at Maturity 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as provided below, each Note 
(other than a Credit Linked Note) will be redeemed by the Issuer at its relevant Final 
Redemption Amount in the Specified Notes Currency on the Maturity Date specified in 
the Issue Terms or, if (i) Physical Settlement is specified as applicable in the Issue Terms 
(each such Note a "Physical Delivery Note") or (ii) Variation of Settlement is specified 
as applicable in the Issue Terms and the Issuer exercises such option, by delivery of the 
Entitlement (as provided in General Condition 4(b) (Physical Delivery) above) on the 
Delivery Date. Notes may not be redeemed other than in accordance with these General 
Conditions and any applicable Annex. 
The "Issue Redemption Amount" shall be an amount in respect of each Calculation 
Amount, equal to the Calculation Amount multiplied by: (i) the percentage or (ii) the Final 
Payout specified in the Issue Terms. For the avoidance of doubt, if the Final Payout is 
zero, no amount shall be payable on the final redemption of the Note. 
The "Entitlement", in respect of each Calculation Amount, shall be a quantity of the 
Relevant Asset(s) (and any cash amount to be delivered as a result of rounding down) 
specified in the Issue Terms equal to the Entitlement Amount specified in the Issue Terms 
or, in the case of Credit Linked Notes, the Deliverable Obligations to be delivered pursuant 
to the Credit Linked Conditions. If the Relevant Asset is specified in the Issue Terms to 
be a debt obligation in the form of a bond (a "Bond Asset"), the Entitlement in respect of 
each Calculation Amount, shall be a nominal amount of such Bond Asset (and any cash 
amount to be delivered as a result of rounding down) specified in the Issue Terms having 
a face value equal to the Entitlement Amount specified in the Issue Terms. In respect of 
any Bond Asset (i) the Calculation Agent shall make such adjustments as it, in its sole and

--- Page 117 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
 
- 102 - 
 
 
absolute discretion determines to be necessary, to the Entitlement to be so delivered, in 
order to take account of any redenomination, subdivision, consolidation, reclassification 
or any event having a dilutive or concentrative effect on the value of the Bond Asset; or 
(ii) if such Bond Asset is converted into or exchanged for other securities in accordance 
with the terms of any voluntary or involuntary exchange or restructuring programme, the 
Entitlement shall be a nominal amount of, in each case such converted securities or 
securities for which the Bond Asset has been exchanged having a face value equal to the 
Entitlement Amount. If the Calculation Agent determines in its sole and absolute 
discretion that such securities are not freely tradable, the provisions of General Condition 
4(b)(iv) (Issuer's Option to Substitute Assets or to pay the Alternate Cash Redemption 
Amount) shall apply. 
"Relevant Asset(s)" means the relevant asset(s) so specified in the Issue Terms. 
(b) 
Redemption for tax reasons 
The Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but not in part, at any 
time (if the Note is not a Floating Rate Note) or on any Interest Payment Date (if the Note 
is a Floating Rate Note), on giving not less than the minimum period not more than the 
maximum period of notice specified in the applicable Issue Terms to the Principal Paying 
Agent or the Portuguese Paying Agent, as applicable, and, in accordance with General 
Condition 12, the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable), if: 
(i) 
on the occasion of the next payment due under the Notes, the Issuer has or will 
become obliged to pay additional amounts as provided or referred to in General 
Condition 6 as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations 
of a Tax Jurisdiction (as defined in General Condition 6) or any change in the 
application or official interpretation of such laws or regulations, which change or 
amendment becomes effective on or after the issue date of the Notes; and 
(ii) 
such obligation to pay additional amounts cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking 
reasonable measures available to it, 
provided that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than 90 days prior to 
the earliest date on which the Issuer would be obliged to pay such additional amounts were 
a payment in respect of the Notes then due. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this General Condition, 
the Issuer shall deliver to the Principal Paying Agent or the Portuguese Paying Agent, as 
applicable, a certificate signed by two Directors of the Issuer (or if at the time that such 
certification is to be given the Issuer has only one Director, such certificate may be signed 
by such Director) stating that the Issuer is entitled to effect such redemption and setting 
forth a statement of facts showing that the conditions precedent to the right of the Issuer 
so to redeem have occurred, an opinion of independent legal advisers of recognised 
standing to the effect that the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay such additional 
amounts. 
Each Note redeemed pursuant to this General Condition 5(b) will be redeemed at its Early 
Redemption Amount referred to in paragraph (g) below and no further interest will be 
payable since the immediately preceding Interest Payment Date or, if none, the Issue Date. 
(c) 
Redemption for Illegality 
In the event that the Issuer determines in good faith that the performance of its obligations 
under the Notes or that any arrangements made to hedge its obligations under the Notes 
has or will become unlawful, illegal or otherwise prohibited in whole or in part as a result 
of compliance with any applicable present or future law, rule, regulation, judgment, order 
or directive of any governmental, administrative, legislative or judicial authority or power, 
or in the interpretation thereof, the Issuer having given not less than 10 nor more than 30 
days' notice to the Noteholders in accordance with General Condition 12 (which notice 
shall be irrevocable), may, on expiry of such notice redeem all, but not some only, of the

--- Page 118 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
 
- 103 - 
 
 
Notes, each Note being redeemed at its Early Redemption Amount referred to in paragraph 
(g) below and no further interest will be payable since the immediately preceding Interest 
Payment Date or, if none, the Issue Date. 
(d) 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer (Issuer Call) 
If "Issuer Call Option" is specified as being applicable in the Issue Terms, the Issuer 
may, having given not less than the minimum period nor more than the maximum period 
of notice specified in the Issue Terms' notice to the Noteholders in accordance with 
General Condition 12 (which notices shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed 
for redemption), redeem all or some only of the Notes then outstanding on any Optional 
Redemption Date and each at the Optional Redemption Amount(s) specified in, or 
determined on the Optional Redemption Valuation Date in the manner specified in, the 
Issue Terms together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the relevant 
Optional Redemption Date. Any such redemption must be of a nominal amount not less 
than the Minimum Redemption Amount and not more than the Higher Redemption 
Amount, in each case as may be specified in the Issue Terms. 
(e) 
Partial Redemption 
In the case of a partial redemption of Notes other than Book Entry Notes, the Notes to be 
redeemed ("Redeemed Notes") will be selected individually by lot without involving any 
part only of a Bearer Note, in the case of Redeemed Notes represented by definitive Notes, 
and in accordance with the rules of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (to be 
reflected in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as either a pool factor 
or a reduction in nominal amount, at their discretion), in the case of Redeemed Notes 
represented by a Global Note, not more than 30 days prior to the date fixed for redemption 
(such date of selection being hereinafter called the "Selection Date"). In the case of 
Redeemed Notes represented by definitive Notes, a list of the serial numbers of such 
Redeemed Notes will be published in accordance with General Condition 12 not less than 
15 days prior to the date fixed for redemption. The aggregate nominal amount of 
Redeemed Notes represented by definitive Notes shall bear the same proportion to the 
aggregate nominal amount of all Redeemed Notes as the aggregate nominal amount of 
definitive Notes outstanding bears to the aggregate nominal amount of the Notes 
outstanding, in each case on the Selection Date, provided that such first mentioned 
nominal amount shall, if necessary, be rounded downwards to the nearest integral multiple 
of the Specified Denomination, and the aggregate nominal amount of Redeemed Notes 
represented by a Global Note shall be equal to the balance of the Redeemed Notes. No 
exchange of the relevant Global Note will be permitted during the period from (and 
including) the Selection Date to (and including) the date fixed for redemption pursuant to 
this paragraph (d) and notice to that effect shall be given by the Issuer to the Noteholders 
in accordance with General Condition 12 at least five days prior to the Selection Date. 
In case of partial redemption of Book Entry Notes the nominal amount of all outstanding 
Book Entry Notes will be reduced proportionally. 
(f) 
Redemption at the Option of the Noteholders (Noteholder Put) 
If "Noteholder Put Option" is specified as being applicable in the Issue Terms, upon the 
holder of any Note giving to the Issuer in accordance with General Condition 12 not less 
than the minimum period nor more than the maximum period of notice specified in the 
Issue Terms) (which notice shall be irrevocable) the Issuer will, upon the expiry of such 
notice, redeem in whole but not in part, subject to and in accordance with the terms 
specified in the Issue Terms, such Note on the Optional Redemption Date and at the 
Optional Redemption Amount specified in, or determined on the Optional Redemption 
Valuation Date specified in the Issue Terms, together, if appropriate, with interest accrued 
to (but excluding) the Optional Redemption Date. 
To exercise the right to require redemption of the Notes its holder must, if the Notes are 
in definitive form and held outside Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or 
Interbolsa, deliver at the specified office of any Paying Agent at any time during normal

--- Page 119 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
 
- 104 - 
 
 
business hours of such Paying Agent falling within the notice period, a duly completed 
and signed notice of exercise in the form (for the time being current) obtainable from any 
specified office of any Paying Agent (a "Put Notice") and in which the holder must specify 
a bank account to which payment is to be made under this General Condition and, in the 
case of Registered Notes, the nominal amount thereof to be redeemed. If a Note is in 
definitive bearer form, the Put Notice must be accompanied by the Note or evidence 
satisfactory to the Paying Agent concerned that the Note will, following delivery of the 
Put Notice, be held to its order or under its control. If a Note is represented by a global 
Note or is in definitive form and held through Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
and/or held in Interbolsa, to exercise the right to require redemption of the Note the holder 
of the Note must, within the notice period, give notice to the Principal Paying Agent or 
the Portuguese Paying Agent, as applicable, of such exercise in accordance with the 
standard procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or Interbolsa (which 
may include notice being given on his instruction by Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and/or Interbolsa or any common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg to the Principal Paying Agent or the Portuguese Paying Agent, as applicable, 
by electronic means) in a form acceptable to Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
and/or Interbolsa from time to time, and, if a Note is a Bearer Note represented by a global 
Note, at the same time present or procure the presentation of the relevant global Note to 
the Principal Paying Agent for notation accordingly. No deposit of Notes will be required 
in respect of Book Entry Notes. 
Any Put Notice or other notice given in accordance with the standard procedures of 
Euroclear, and/or Clearstream Luxembourg and/or Interbolsa given by a holder of any 
Note pursuant to this General Condition 5(f) shall be irrevocable except where prior to the 
due date of redemption an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing in which event 
such holder, at its option, may elect by notice to the Issuer to withdraw the notice given 
pursuant to this General Condition 5(f) and instead to declare such Note forthwith due and 
payable pursuant to General Condition 8. 
(g) 
Early Redemption 
For the purposes of paragraph (c), General Condition 8 and any circumstances where the 
Notes are to be redeemed prior to their Maturity Date at their Early Redemption Amount 
(as defined below), each Note will be redeemed at an amount (the "Early Redemption 
Amount") calculated as follows, unless specified otherwise in the Issue Terms, and no 
further interest will be payable since the immediately preceding Interest Payment Date or, 
if none, the Issue Date: 
(i) 
in the case of any Note, other than a Zero Coupon Note to which paragraph (ii) 
below applies, at an amount determined by the Calculation Agent on the second 
Business Day immediately preceding the due date for the early redemption of the 
Notes, representing such Note's pro rata share of (a) the fair market value of such 
Notes taking into account all factors which the Calculation Agent determines 
relevant (including, if applicable, any interest provision of the Note and the event 
which resulted in such redemption) less (b) all costs incurred by the Issuer or any 
of its Affiliates in connection with such early redemption, including, without 
limitation, any costs associated with unwinding any underlying related hedging 
arrangements, and all other expenses related thereto, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner; or 
(ii) 
in the case of a Zero Coupon Note the Early Redemption Amount of which is not 
linked to an index, a formula or other Reference Item at an amount (the 
"Amortised Face Amount") equal to the sum of: 
(i) 
the Reference Price specified in the Issue Terms; and 
(ii) 
the product of the Accrual Yield specified in the Issue Terms 
(compounded annually) being applied to the Reference Price from (and 
including) the Issue Date to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption

--- Page 120 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
 
- 105 - 
 
 
or (as the case may be) the date upon which such Note becomes due and 
repayable. 
Where such calculation is to be made for a period of less than a full year, it shall 
be made on the basis of a 360-day year consisting of 12 months of 30 days each 
and, in the case of an incomplete month, the number of days elapsed in such 
incomplete month. 
For the purposes of (i)(a) above where the relevant Notes provide for any 
minimum amount(s) of cash or assets to be payable or deliverable this shall be 
taken into account in determining the fair market value. However, the Calculation 
Agent shall reduce (i.e. discount) the value of such amounts in determining the 
fair market value to take into account the length of time remaining to the first 
possible date on which such amount(s) would otherwise have been payable or 
deliverable. Such discounting may be determined by reference to such 
information as the Calculation Agent may select which may include risk free 
rate(s). 
The Calculation Agent shall also take into account appropriate values for any 
other amount which would or could otherwise have been payable or deliverable 
under the relevant Notes. This may include the element of the return on the Notes 
determined by reference to the relevant assets or reference basis(es) to which the 
Notes relate (i.e. a derivative element). The relevant value for this element of the 
Notes may be determined by reference to the cost at the relevant time of entering 
into a transaction to provide similar amounts. 
(h) 
Purchases 
The Issuer or any of its subsidiaries may at any time purchase Notes (provided that, in 
the case of Definitive Bearer Notes, all unmatured Receipts, Coupons and Talons 
appertaining thereto are purchased therewith) at any price in the open market or otherwise. 
Notes purchased as aforesaid may, at the option of the Issuer or its subsidiaries, as the case 
may be, be held, reissued, resold, cancelled or alternatively surrendered to any Paying 
Agent for cancellation. 
(i) 
Cancellation 
All Notes which are redeemed will forthwith be cancelled (together, in the case of 
Definitive Bearer Notes, with all unmatured Receipts, Coupons and Talons attached 
thereto or surrendered therewith at the time of redemption, in the case of Book Entry Notes 
in accordance with the applicable regulations of Interbolsa). All Notes so cancelled and 
any Notes purchased and cancelled pursuant to paragraph (h) above (together, in the case 
of Definitive Bearer Notes, with all unmatured Receipts, Coupons and Talons cancelled 
therewith) shall be forwarded to the Principal Paying Agent or the Portuguese Paying 
Agent, as applicable, save in the case of Book Entry Notes, and shall not be capable of 
being reissued or resold. 
(j) 
Instalments 
Instalment Notes will be redeemed in the Instalment Amounts and on the Instalment Dates 
specified in the Issue Terms. In the case of Notes in definitive form, all instalments (other 
than the final instalment) will be paid by surrender of, in the case of a Definitive Bearer 
Note, the relevant Receipt (which must be presented with the Note to which it appertains) 
as more fully described in General Condition 4. In the case of early redemption, the Early 
Redemption Amount will be determined pursuant to paragraph (g) above. 
(k) 
Late payment on Zero Coupon Notes 
If the amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note upon redemption of such Zero 
Coupon Note pursuant to paragraph (b), (d) or (f) above or upon its becoming due and 
payable as provided in General Condition 8 is improperly withheld or refused, the amount 
due and repayable in respect of such Zero Coupon Note shall be the amount calculated as

--- Page 121 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
 
- 106 - 
 
 
provided in paragraph (g)(ii) of this General Condition 5 above as though the references 
therein to the date fixed for redemption or the date upon which the Zero Coupon Note 
becomes due and repayable were replaced by references to the date which is the earlier of: 
(i) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of the Zero Coupon Note have been 
paid; and 
(ii) 
the fifth day after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable has 
been received by the Principal Paying Agent or the Portuguese Paying Agent, as 
applicable, and notice to that effect has been given to the Noteholders in 
accordance with General Condition 12. 
(l) 
Partly Paid Notes 
Partly Paid Notes will be redeemed, whether at maturity, early redemption or otherwise in 
accordance with the provisions of this General Condition 5. 
(m) 
Redemption for an Administrator/Benchmark Event 
In the event that an Administrator/Benchmark Event occurs, the Issuer may (at its option): 
(i) 
instruct the Calculation Agent to make such adjustment(s) to the conditions of the 
Notes as it may determine appropriate to account for the relevant event or 
circumstance and, without limitation, such adjustments may (a) consist of one or 
more amendments and/or be made on one or more dates; (b) be determined by 
reference to any adjustment(s) in respect of the relevant event or circumstance 
made in relation to any hedging arrangements in respect of the Notes and (c) 
include selecting a successor benchmark(s) and making related adjustments to the 
conditions of the Notes, including where applicable to reflect any increase costs 
of the Issuer providing such exposure to the successor benchmark(s) and, in the 
case of more than one successor benchmark, making provision for allocation of 
exposure as between the successor benchmarks; or 
(ii) 
having given not less than 10 nor more than 30 days' notice to the Noteholders in 
accordance with General Condition 12 (which notice shall be irrevocable), on 
expiry of such notice redeem all, but not some only, of the Notes, each Note being 
redeemed at its Early Redemption Amount referred to in paragraph (g) above and 
no further interest will be payable since the immediately preceding Interest 
Payment Date or, if none, the Issue Date. 
For the purposes of this Condition 5(m): 
"Administrator/Benchmark Event" means, in relation to any Benchmark, the 
occurrence of a Benchmark Modification or Cessation Event, a Non-Approval Event, a 
Rejection Event or a Suspension/Withdrawal Event. 
"Benchmark" means any figure or rate by reference to which any amount payable under 
the Notes, or the value of the Notes, is determined by reference to such figure or rate, all 
as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"Benchmark Modification or Cessation Event" means, in respect of the Benchmark any 
of the following has occurred or will occur: 
(iii) 
any material change in such Benchmark; or 
(iv) 
the permanent or indefinite cancellation or cessation in the provision of such 
Benchmark. 
"BMR" means the EU Benchmark Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/1011), as amended 
from time to time.

--- Page 122 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
 
- 107 - 
 
 
"Non-Approval Event" means, in respect of the Benchmark: 
(i) 
any authorisation, registration, recognition, endorsement, equivalence decision or 
approval in respect of the Benchmark or the administrator or sponsor of the 
Benchmark has not been or will not be obtained; 
(ii) 
the Benchmark or the administrator or sponsor of the Benchmark has not been or 
will not be included in an official register; or 
(iii) 
the Benchmark or the administrator or sponsor of the Benchmark does not or will 
not fulfil any legal or regulatory requirement applicable to the Notes, the Issuer, 
the Calculation Agent or the Benchmark, 
in each case, as is or will be required under any applicable law or regulation in order for 
any of the Issuer, the Calculation Agent or any other entity to perform its obligations in 
respect of the Notes. 
"Rejection Event" means, in respect of the Benchmark, the relevant competent authority 
or other relevant official body rejects or refuses or will reject or refuse any application for 
authorisation, registration, recognition, endorsement, equivalence decision, approval or 
inclusion in any official register which, in each case, is or will be required in relation to 
the Notes, the Benchmark or the administrator or sponsor of the Benchmark under any 
applicable law or regulation for any of the Issuer, the Calculation Agent or any other entity 
to perform its obligations in respect of the Notes. 
"Suspension/Withdrawal Event" means, in respect of the Benchmark: 
(i) 
the relevant competent authority or other relevant official body suspends or 
withdraws or will suspend or withdraw any authorisation, registration, 
recognition, endorsement, equivalence decision or approval in relation to the 
Benchmark or the administrator or sponsor of the Benchmark which is or will be 
required under any applicable law or regulation in order for any of the Issuer, the 
Calculation Agent or any other entity to perform its obligations in respect of the 
Notes; or 
(ii) 
the Benchmark or the administrator or sponsor of the Benchmark is or will be 
removed from any official register where inclusion in such register is or will be 
required under any applicable law in order for any of the Issuer, the Calculation 
Agent or any other entity to perform its obligations in respect of the Notes. 
6. 
Taxation 
All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes, Receipts and Coupons by or on 
behalf of the Issuer will be made without withholding or deduction for or on account of any present 
or future taxes or duties of whatever nature imposed or levied by or on behalf of any Tax 
Jurisdiction unless such withholding or deduction is required by law. In such event, the Issuer will 
pay such additional amounts as shall be necessary in order that the net amounts received by the 
holders of the Notes, Receipts or Coupons after such withholding or deduction shall equal the 
respective amounts of principal and interest which would otherwise have been receivable in respect 
of the Notes, Receipts or Coupons, as the case may be, in the absence of such withholding or 
deduction; except that no such additional amounts shall be payable with respect to any Note, 
Receipt or Coupon: 
(i) 
presented for payment by or on behalf of, a holder who is liable for such taxes or duties in 
respect of such Note, Receipt or Coupon by reason of his having some connection with a 
Tax Jurisdiction other than the mere holding of such Note, Receipt or Coupon; and/or 
(ii) 
presented for payment by or on behalf of, a holder who is able to avoid such withholding 
or deduction by making a declaration of non-residence or other claim for exemption to the 
relevant tax authority; and/or

--- Page 123 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
 
- 108 - 
 
 
(iii) 
presented for payment by or on behalf of, a holder in respect of whom the information and 
documentation (which may include certificates) required in order to comply with the 
special regime approved by Decree-Law No. 193/2005, of 7 November 2005 as amended 
from time to time, and any implementing legislation, is not received before the Relevant 
Date; and/or 
(iv) 
presented for payment by or on behalf of, a holder (A) in respect to whom the information 
and documentation required by Portuguese law in order to comply with any applicable tax 
treaty is not received by the Issuer or by the Portuguese Paying Agent or the Portuguese 
Paying Agent, as applicable, directly from the Noteholders before the date by which such 
documentation is to be provided to the Issuer under Portuguese law, and (B) who is 
resident in one of the contracting states; and/or 
(v) 
presented for payment by or on behalf of, a Noteholder or Couponholder resident in a tax 
haven jurisdiction as defined in Ministerial Order No. 150/2004, of 13 February 2004 
(except for jurisdictions with which Portugal has entered into a double tax treaty or a tax 
information exchange agreement in force), as amended from time to time, with the 
exception of central banks and governmental agencies of those blacklisted jurisdictions; 
and/or 
(vi) 
presented for payment more than 30 days after the Relevant Date (as defined below) 
except to the extent that the holder thereof would have been entitled to an additional 
amount on presenting the same for payment on such thirtieth day assuming that day to 
have been a Payment Day (as defined in Condition 4(a)(v)); and/or 
(vii) 
where such withholding or deduction is required to be made pursuant to (A) Sections 1471 
through 1474 of the Code or any regulations or agreements thereunder, official 
interpretations thereof, or law implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto or (B) 
Section 871(m) of the Code; and/or 
(viii) 
presented for payment into an account held on behalf of undisclosed beneficial owners 
where such beneficial owners are not disclosed for purposes of payment and such 
disclosure is required by law. 
In these General Conditions: 
(i) 
"Tax Jurisdiction" means Portugal or any political subdivision or any authority thereof 
or therein having power to tax or any other jurisdiction or any political subdivision or any 
authority thereof or therein having power to tax to which the issuer becomes subject in 
respect of payments made by the Issuer of principal and interest on the Notes; and 
(ii) 
the "Relevant Date" means the date on which such payment first becomes due, except 
that, if the full amount of the moneys payable has not been duly received by the Principal 
Paying Agent or the Portuguese Paying Agent, as applicable, on or prior to such due date, 
it means the date on which, the full amount of such moneys having been so received, notice 
to that effect is duly given to the Noteholders in accordance with General Condition 12. 
7. 
Redenomination 
(a) 
Redenomination 
Where redenomination is specified in the Issue Terms as being applicable, the Issuer may, without 
the consent of the Noteholders, the Receiptholders and the Couponholders, on giving prior notice 
to the Principal Paying Agent or the Portuguese Paying Agent, as applicable, Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and at least 30 days' prior notice to the Noteholders in accordance with 
General Condition 12, elect that, with effect from the Redenomination Date specified in the notice, 
the Notes shall be redenominated in euro. 
The election will have effect as follows: 
(i) 
the Notes and the Receipts shall be deemed to be redenominated into euro in the 
denomination of euro 0.01 with a nominal amount for each Note and Receipt equal to the

--- Page 124 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
 
- 109 - 
 
 
nominal amount of that Note or Receipt in the Specified Notes Currency, converted into 
euro at the Established Rate, provided that, if the Issuer determines, with the agreement 
of the Principal Paying Agent or the Portuguese Paying Agent, as applicable, that the then 
market practice in respect of the redenomination into euro of internationally offered 
securities is different from the provisions specified above, such provisions shall be deemed 
to be amended so as to comply with such market practice and the Issuer shall promptly 
notify the Noteholders, the stock exchange (if any) on which the Notes may be listed and 
the Paying Agents of such deemed amendments; 
(ii) 
save to the extent that an Exchange Notice has been given in accordance with paragraph 
(iv) below, the amount of interest due in respect of the Notes will be calculated by 
reference to the aggregate nominal amount of Notes presented (or, as the case may be, in 
respect of which Coupons are presented) for payment by the relevant Noteholder and the 
amount of such payment shall be rounded down to the nearest euro 0.01; 
(iii) 
if definitive Notes are required to be issued after the Redenomination Date, they shall be 
issued at the expense of the Issuer in the denominations agreed at the time by the Issuer 
and the Principal Paying Agent or the Portuguese Paying Agent, as applicable; 
(iv) 
if issued prior to the Redenomination Date, all unmatured Coupons denominated in the 
Specified Notes Currency (whether or not attached to the Notes) will become void with 
effect from the date on which the Issuer gives notice (the "Exchange Notice") that 
replacement euro-denominated Notes, Receipts and Coupons are available for exchange 
(provided that such securities are so available) and no payments will be made in respect 
of them. The payment obligations contained in any Notes and Receipts so issued will also 
become void on that date although those Notes and Receipts will continue to constitute 
valid exchange obligations of the Issuer. New euro-denominated Notes, Receipts and 
Coupons will be issued in exchange for Notes, Receipts and Coupons denominated in the 
Specified Notes Currency in such manner as the Principal Paying Agent may specify and 
as shall be notified to the Noteholders in the Exchange Notice. No Exchange Notice may 
be given less than 15 days prior to any date for payment of principal or interest on the 
Notes; 
(v) 
after the Redenomination Date, all payments in respect of the Notes, the Receipts and the 
Coupons, other than payments of interest in respect of periods commencing before the 
Redenomination Date, will be made solely in euro as though references in the Notes to the 
Specified Notes Currency were to euro. Payments will be made in euro by credit or transfer 
to a euro account (or any other account to which euro may be credited or transferred) 
specified by the payee or, at the option of the payee, by a euro cheque; 
(vi) 
if the Notes are Fixed Rate Notes and interest for any period ending on or after the 
Redenomination Date is required to be calculated for a period ending other than on a Fixed 
Interest Date, it will be calculated by applying the Rate of Interest to each Specified 
Denomination, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding 
the resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit (defined above) of the relevant Specified Notes 
Currency, half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance 
with applicable market convention; 
(vii) 
if the Notes are Floating Rate Notes, the Issue Terms will specify any relevant changes to 
the provisions relating to interest; and 
(viii) 
such other changes shall be made to these General Conditions as the Issuer may decide, 
after consultation with the Principal Paying Agent or the Portuguese Paying Agent, as 
applicable, and as may be specified in the notice, to conform them to conventions then 
applicable to instruments denominated in euro.

--- Page 125 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
 
- 110 - 
 
 
(b) 
Definitions 
In these General Conditions, the following expressions have the following meanings: 
"Established Rate" means the rate for the conversion of the Specified Notes Currency (including 
compliance with rules relating to rounding in accordance with applicable European Community 
regulations) into euro established by the Council of the European Union pursuant to Article 1091(4) 
of the Treaty; 
"euro" means the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic and 
monetary union pursuant to the Treaty; 
"Redenomination Date" means (in the case of interest bearing Notes) any date for payment of 
interest under the Notes or (in the case of Zero Coupon Notes) any date, in each case specified by 
the Issuer in the notice given to the Noteholders pursuant to paragraph (a) above and which falls 
on or after the date on which the country of the Specified Notes Currency first participates in the 
third stage of European economic and monetary union; and 
"Treaty" means the Treaty establishing the European Community, as amended by the Treaty on 
European Union as amended by the Treaty of Amsterdam. 
8. 
Events of Default 
If any one or more of the following events (each an "Event of Default") shall occur: 
(i) 
default is made for a period of 14 days or more in the payment of any principal or interest 
due in respect of the Notes or any of them after the due date therefor; or 
(ii) 
the Issuer fails to perform or observe any of its other obligations in respect of the Notes or 
(in the case of Book Entry Notes) the Instrument and ((in the case of Notes other than 
Book Entry Notes) except where such default is not capable of remedy where no such 
continuation or notice as is hereinafter referred to will be required) such failure continues 
for the period of 30 days (or (in the case of Notes other than Book Entry Notes) such 
longer period) after notice has been given to the Issuer requiring the same to be remedied; 
or 
(iii) 
the repayment of any indebtedness owing by the Issuer is accelerated by reason of default 
and such acceleration has not been rescinded or annulled, or the Issuer defaults (after 
whichever is the longer of any originally applicable period of grace and 14 days after the 
due date) in any payment of any indebtedness or in the honouring of any guarantee or 
indemnity in respect of any indebtedness provided that no such event referred to in this 
sub paragraph (iii) shall constitute an Event of Default unless the indebtedness whether 
alone or when aggregated with other indebtedness relating to all (if any) other such events 
which shall have occurred shall exceed USD 25,000,000 (or its equivalent in any other 
currency or currencies) or, if greater, an amount equal to 1% of the Issuer's Shareholders' 
Funds (as defined below); or 
(iv) 
any order shall be made by any competent court or an effective resolution passed for the 
winding-up or dissolution of the Issuer (other than for the purpose of an amalgamation, 
merger or reconstruction previously approved by an Extraordinary Resolution of the 
Noteholders); or 
(v) 
the Issuer shall cease to carry on the whole or substantially the whole of its business (other 
than for the purpose of an amalgamation, merger or reconstruction previously approved 
by an Extraordinary Resolution of the Noteholders); or 
(vi) 
the Issuer shall stop payment or shall be unable to, or shall admit inability to, pay its debts 
as they fall due, or shall be adjudicated or found bankrupt or insolvent by a court of 
competent jurisdiction or shall make a conveyance or assignment for the benefit of, or 
shall enter into any composition or other arrangement with, its creditors generally; or

--- Page 126 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
 
- 111 - 
 
 
(vii) 
a receiver, trustee or other similar official shall be appointed in relation to the Issuer or in 
relation to the whole or a substantial part of its assets or a temporary manager of the Issuer 
is appointed by the Bank of Portugal or an encumbrancer shall take possession of the 
whole or a substantial part of the assets of the Issuer, or a distress or execution or other 
process shall be levied or enforced upon or sued out against the whole or a substantial part 
of the assets of the Issuer and in any of the foregoing cases it or he shall not be discharged 
within 60 days; or 
(viii) 
the Issuer sells, transfers, lends or otherwise disposes of the whole or a substantial part of 
its undertaking or assets (including shareholdings in its subsidiaries or associated 
companies) and such disposal is substantial in relation to the assets of the Issuer and its 
subsidiaries as a whole, other than selling, transferring, lending or otherwise disposing on 
an arm's length basis, 
then, 
(A) 
in respect of Notes other than Book Entry Notes, the holder of any note may give 
written notice to the Issuer at the specified office of the Principal Paying Agent 
that the Notes are, and they shall accordingly become, immediately due and 
repayable at their Early Redemption Amount (as described in Condition 5(f)) 
together with accrued interest; and 
(B) 
in respect of Book Entry Notes, any Book Entry Noteholder may give notice to 
the Issuer and to the Portuguese Paying Agent at their respective specified offices, 
effective upon the date of receipt thereof by the Portuguese Paying Agent, that 
the Book Entry Notes held by such Book Entry Noteholder(s) are, and they shall 
accordingly become, immediately due and repayable at their Early Redemption 
Amount (as described in Condition 5(f) together with accrued interest (as 
provided in the Instrument)). 
As used above, "Issuer's Shareholders' Funds" means, at any relevant time, a sum equal 
to the aggregate of the Issuer's shareholders' equity as certified by the Directors of the 
Issuer by reference to the latest audited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer. 
9. 
Prescription 
Claims for payment of principal in respect of the Notes shall be prescribed upon the expiry of 10 
years from the due date thereof and claims for payment of interest (if any) in respect of the Notes 
shall be prescribed upon the expiry of five years, from the due date thereof. There shall not be 
included in any Coupon sheet issued on exchange of a Talon, any Coupon the claim for payment 
in respect of which would be void pursuant to this General Condition 9 or General Condition 4 
above. 
10. 
Replacement of Notes, Receipts, Coupons and Talons 
If any Bearer Note (including any Global Note), Receipt, Coupon or Talon is mutilated, defaced, 
stolen, destroyed or lost, it may be replaced at the specified office of the Principal Paying Agent 
upon payment by the claimant of the costs incurred in connection therewith and on such terms as 
to evidence and indemnity, as the Issuer and the Principal Paying Agent may require. Mutilated or 
defaced Bearer Notes, Receipts, Coupons or Talons must be surrendered before replacements will 
be issued. Cancellation and replacement of Notes, Receipts, Coupons or Talons shall be subject to 
compliance with such procedures as may be required under any applicable law and subject to any 
applicable stock exchange requirements. 
11. 
Further Issues 
The Issuer shall be at liberty from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders, the 
Receiptholders or the Couponholders to create and issue further notes having terms and conditions 
the same as the Notes or the same in all respects save for the amount and date of the first payment 
of interest thereon and the date from which interest starts to accrue and so that the same shall be 
consolidated and form a single Series with the outstanding Notes.

--- Page 127 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
 
- 112 - 
 
 
12. 
Notices 
Subject as provided in the following paragraphs, all notices regarding the Bearer Notes will be 
deemed to be validly given if published in one leading English language daily newspaper of general 
circulation in Europe (which is expected to be the Financial Times). The Issuer shall also ensure 
that notices are duly published in a manner which complies with the rules and regulations of any 
other stock exchange or any other relevant authority on which the Notes are for the time being 
listed or by which they have been admitted to trading. Any such notice will be deemed to have 
been given on the date of the first publication or, where required to be published in more than one 
newspaper, on the date of the first publication in all relevant newspapers. 
Until such time as any definitive Notes are issued, there may, so long as any Global Notes 
representing the Notes are held in their entirety on behalf of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg be substituted for such publication in a newspaper the delivery of the relevant notice 
to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg for communication by them to the holders of the 
Notes, and in addition, for so long as any Notes are listed on a stock exchange and the rules of that 
stock exchange (or any other relevant authority), so require, such notice will be published in a daily 
newspaper of general circulation in the place or places as required by that stock exchange or any 
other relevant authority by the Issuer. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given to the 
holders of the Notes on the day after the day on which the said notice was given to Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Notices to be given by any Noteholder of a Bearer Note shall be in writing and given by lodging 
the same, together (in the case of any Note in definitive form) with the relative Note or Notes, with 
the Principal Paying Agent. Whilst any of the Notes are represented by a Global Note, such notice 
may be given by any holder of a Note to the Principal Paying Agent through Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, in such manner as the Principal Paying Agent and 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, may approve for this purpose. 
The Issuer shall comply with Portuguese law in respect of notices relating to Book Entry Notes. 
13. 
Meetings of Noteholders, Modification and Waiver 
The Agency Terms (in the case of Bearer Notes) and the Instrument (in the case of Book Entry 
Notes) contain provisions for convening meetings of Noteholders to consider matters affecting 
their interests, including the sanctioning by Extraordinary Resolution of a modification of any of 
the Notes, the Receipts, the Coupons or any provisions of the Agency Terms. A meeting convened 
pursuant to the provisions of the Agency Terms, may be convened by the Issuer or if required in 
writing by Noteholders holding not less than 10% in nominal amount of the Notes for the time 
being outstanding, shall be convened by the Issuer. A meeting convened pursuant to the provisions 
of the Instrument, may be convened by the Issuer or upon requisition by Book Entry Noteholders 
holding not less than one-tenth in nominal amount of the Book Entry Notes for the time being 
remaining outstanding. At a meeting of the holders of the Notes for the purpose of, amongst others, 
approving a modification or amendment to, or obtaining a waiver of any covenant or condition set 
forth in the Notes, the Receipts, the Coupons or the Agency Terms or the Instrument, persons 
entitled to vote a majority in aggregate nominal amount of the Notes at the time outstanding shall 
constitute a quorum. In the absence of a quorum at any such meeting that is not a meeting convened 
upon the requisition of Noteholders, within 30 minutes of the time appointed for such meeting, the 
meeting may be adjourned for a period of not less than 14 days, in the absence of a quorum any 
meeting that is convened on the requisition of Noteholders shall be dissolved; the persons entitled 
to vote a majority in aggregate nominal amount of the Notes at the time outstanding shall constitute 
a quorum for the taking of any action set forth in the notice of the original meeting. At a meeting 
or an adjourned meeting duly convened and at which a quorum is present as aforesaid, any 
Extraordinary Resolution to, amongst others, modify or amend any of the Notes, the Receipts, the 
Coupons or any provisions of the Agency Terms or the Instrument (other than those items specified 
in General Condition 13(i) and (ii)), or to waive compliance with, any of the terms and conditions 
of the Notes shall be effectively passed if passed by a majority consisting of at least 75% of the 
votes cast.

--- Page 128 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
 
- 113 - 
 
 
The Principal Paying Agent and the Issuer may agree, without the consent of the Noteholders, 
Receiptholders or Couponholders, to: 
(i) 
any modification of the Notes, the Receipts, the Coupons or the Agency Terms which is 
not materially prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders; or 
(ii) 
any modification of the Notes, the Receipts, the Coupons or the Agency Terms which is 
of a formal, minor or technical nature or to cure, correct or supplement any defective 
provision or is made to correct a manifest or proven error or to comply with mandatory 
provisions of the law of the jurisdiction in which the Issuer is incorporated. 
Any such modification shall be binding on the Noteholders, the Receiptholders and the 
Couponholders and any such modification shall be notified to the Noteholders, in accordance with 
General Condition 12 as soon as practicable thereafter. 
14. 
Agent and Paying Agent 
The names of the initial Agents and the other Initial Paying Agents their initial specified offices 
are set out below. If any additional Paying Agents are appointed in connection with any issue of 
Notes, the names of such Paying Agent(s) will be specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
The Issuer is entitled to vary or terminate the appointment of any Paying Agent and/or appoint 
additional or other Paying Agents and/or approve any change in the specified office through which 
any Paying Agent acts, provided that: 
(i) 
there will at all times be a Principal Paying Agent; 
(ii) 
so long as the Notes are listed on any stock exchange or admitted to listing by any relevant 
authority, there will at all times be a Paying Agent (which may be the Principal Paying 
Agent) with a specified office in such place as may be required by the rules and regulations 
of such other stock exchange or other relevant authority; and 
(iii) 
there will at all times be a Paying Agent in a jurisdiction within Europe, other than the 
jurisdiction in which the Issuer is incorporated. 
In addition, the Issuer shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent having a specified office in New 
York City in the circumstances described in General Condition 4(a). Any variation, termination, 
appointment or change shall only take effect (other than in the case of insolvency, when it shall be 
of immediate effect) after not less than 30 or more than 45 days' prior notice thereof shall have 
been given to the Noteholders in accordance with General Condition 12, provided that no such 
variation, termination, appointment or changes shall take effect (except in the case of insolvency) 
within 7 days before any due date for the payment of any Note or any related Receipt or Coupon. 
Notice of all changes in the identities or specified offices of any Agent will be given promptly by 
the Issuer to Noteholders in accordance with General Condition 12. 
Banco Comercial Português, S.A. will be the Paying Agent in Portugal in respect of Book Entry 
Notes. 
In acting under the Agency Terms, the Agent will act solely as agents of each of the Issuer and do 
not assume any obligations or relationship of agency or trust to or with the Noteholders, 
Receiptholders or Couponholders, except that (without affecting the obligations of the Issuer to the 
Noteholders, Receiptholders and Couponholders, to repay Notes and pay interest thereon) funds 
received by the Principal Paying Agent for the payment of the principal of or interest on the Notes 
shall be held by it in trust for the Noteholders and/or Receiptholders or Couponholders until the 
expiration of the relevant period of prescription under General Condition 9. The Issuer will agree 
to perform and observe the obligations imposed upon it under the Agency Terms. The Agency 
Terms contains provisions for the indemnification of the Paying Agents and for relief from 
responsibility in certain circumstances, and entitles any of them to enter into business transactions 
with the Issuer and any of its subsidiaries without being liable to account to the Noteholders, 
Receiptholders or the Couponholders for any resulting profit.

--- Page 129 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
 
- 114 - 
 
 
All calculations, determinations, decisions, selections, elections and opinions made by the 
Calculation Agent shall be made in its discretion in accordance with the Conditions of the Notes, 
having regard in each case to any criteria stipulated therein, and shall (save in the case of manifest 
error) be final, conclusive and binding on the Issuer, the other Agents and the Noteholders. 
In exercising its discretion as described above, the Calculation Agent may take into account such 
factors as it determines appropriate in each case, which may include, in particular, any 
circumstances or events which have or may have a material impact on the hedging arrangements 
(as described below) entered into by the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates and/or any other relevant 
party (each a "Relevant Party") in respect of the Notes. The exercise of the Calculation Agent's 
discretion in respect of the Notes as provided herein is necessary because certain circumstances or 
events (for example a material modification or disruption to a relevant asset(s) to which the Notes 
are linked) may occur subsequent to the issuance of the Notes which may materially affect the 
costs to the Relevant Party of maintaining the Notes or any relevant hedging arrangements. Such 
circumstances or events may not have been reflected in the pricing of the Notes. In addition, as a 
result of certain circumstances or events (e.g. unavailability or disruption to any reference source) 
it may no longer be reasonably practicable or otherwise appropriate for certain valuations in respect 
of any relevant asset(s) to which the Notes are linked or otherwise in connection with the Notes to 
be made, thus making it necessary for the Calculation Agent to exercise its discretion in such a 
case. 
15. 
Substitution of the Issuer 
The Issuer (or any previous substitute under this Condition) may, without the consent of the 
Noteholders, be replaced and substituted by a wholly-owned Subsidiary of the Issuer (or of any 
previous substitute under this Condition) as the principal debtor in respect of the Notes, subject to 
the Notes being unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by Banco Comercial Português S.A. 
or by Banco Comercial Português S.A. acting through its Macao branch. 
16. 
Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 
The Notes shall not confer any rights under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 to 
enforce any term of the Notes, but this does not affect any right or remedy of a third party which 
exists or is available apart from that Act. 
17. 
Recognition and acknowledgment of Portuguese Statutory Loss Absorption Powers 
Notwithstanding any other term of the Notes or any other agreement, arrangement or understanding 
between the Issuer and the Noteholders, by its subscription and/or purchase and holding of the 
Notes, each Noteholder (which for the purposes of this Condition 17 includes each holder of a 
beneficial interest in the Notes) acknowledges, accepts, consents and agrees: 
(i) 
to be bound by the effect of the exercise of the Bail-in Power by the Relevant Resolution 
Authority, which may include and result in any of the following, or some combination 
thereof: 
(A) 
the reduction of all, or a portion, of the Amounts Due on a permanent basis; 
(B) 
the conversion of all, or a portion, of the Amounts Due into shares, other securities 
or other obligations of the Issuer or another person (and the issue to the holder of 
such shares, securities or obligations), including by means of an amendment, 
modification or variation of the terms of the Notes, in which case the Noteholder 
agrees to accept in lieu of its rights under the Notes any such shares, other 
securities or other obligations of the Issuer or another person; 
(C) 
the cancellation of the Notes or Amounts Due; or 
(D) 
the amendment or alteration of the maturity of the Notes or amendment of the 
Interest Amount payable on the Notes, or the date on which the interest becomes 
payable, including by suspending payment for a temporary period; and

--- Page 130 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
 
- 115 - 
 
 
(ii) 
that the terms of the Notes are subject to, and may be varied, if necessary, to give effect 
to, the exercise of the Bail-in Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority. 
In these Terms and Conditions: 
"Amounts Due" means the principal amount, together with any accrued but unpaid interest, and 
any additional amounts referred to in Condition 6, if any, due on the Notes. References to such 
amounts will include amounts that have become due and payable, but which have not been paid, 
prior to the exercise of the Bail-in Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority. 
"Bail-in Power" means any power existing from time to time under, and exercised in compliance 
with, any laws, regulations, rules or requirements in effect in Portugal, relating to (i) the 
transposition of the BRRD, (ii) Regulation (EU) No. 806/2014 of the European Parliament and of 
the Council of 15 July 2014, establishing uniform rules and a uniform procedure for the resolution 
of credit institutions and certain investment firms in the framework of the Single Resolution 
Mechanism and the Single Resolution Fund and amending Regulation (EU) No. 1093/2010 (as 
amended or superseded from time to time) and (iii) the instruments, rules and standards created 
thereunder, pursuant to which any obligation of certain entities as set out in such law, regulation, 
rules or requirements can be reduced, cancelled, suspended, modified, or converted into shares, 
other securities, or other obligations. 
"BRRD" means Directive 2014/59/EU of 15 May establishing the framework for the recovery and 
resolution of credit institutions and investment firms or such other directive as may come into 
effect in place thereof, as implemented in Portugal, as amended or replaced from time to time and 
including any other relevant implementing regulatory provisions. 
"Relevant Resolution Authority" means any authority lawfully entitled to exercise or participate 
in the exercise of any Bail-in Power from time to time. 
18. 
Governing Law and Submission to Jurisdiction 
(a) 
Governing Law 
The Agency Terms, the Deed of Covenant, the Instrument, the Notes, the Receipts and the Coupons 
and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the Agency Terms, the 
Deed of Covenant, the Instrument, the Notes, the Receipts and the Coupons are governed by, and 
shall be construed in accordance with, English law save that, with respect to Book Entry Notes 
only, the form ("representação formal") and the transfer of the Notes, creation of security over the 
Notes and the Interbolsa procedures for the exercise of rights under the Notes are governed by, and 
shall be construed in accordance with, Portuguese law. 
(b) 
Submission to Jurisdiction 
(i) 
Subject to General Condition 18(b)(iii) of the "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" below, 
the English courts have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute arising out of or in 
connection with the Notes and/or the Coupons, including any dispute as to their existence, 
validity, interpretation, performance, breach or termination or the consequences of their 
nullity and any dispute relating to any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection with the Notes and/or the Coupons (a "Dispute") and accordingly each of the 
Issuer and any Noteholders or Couponholders in relation to any Dispute submits to the 
exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts. 
(ii) 
For the purposes of this General Condition 18, the Issuer and any Noteholders, 
Receiptholders or Couponholders in relation to any Dispute waives any objection to the 
English courts on the grounds that they are an inconvenient or inappropriate forum to settle 
any Dispute. 
(iii) 
This General Condition 18(b)(iii) is for the benefit of the Noteholders, Receiptholders and 
the Couponholders only. To the extent allowed by law, the Noteholders and the 
Couponholders may, in respect of any Dispute or Disputes, take (i) proceedings in any 
other court with jurisdiction; and (ii) concurrent proceedings in any number of 
jurisdictions.

--- Page 131 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
 
- 116 - 
 
 
(c) 
Appointment of Process Agent 
The Issuer irrevocably appoints the London representative office of Banco Comercial Português, 
S.A. at 3rd Floor, 63 Queen Victoria Street, London EC4V 4UA (the "Process Agent") as its agent 
for service of process in any proceedings before the English courts in relation to any Dispute and 
undertakes that, in the event of the Process Agent ceasing to act, it will appoint another person as 
its agent for service of process in England in respect of any Dispute. The Issuer agrees that failure 
by a process agent to notify it of any process will not invalidate service. Nothing herein shall affect 
the right to serve process in any other manner permitted by law.

--- Page 132 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
 
- 117 - 
 
 
ANNEX 1 
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
If specified as applicable in the Issue Terms, the terms and conditions applicable to payouts shall comprise 
the General Conditions and the additional terms and conditions for payouts set out below (the "Payout 
Conditions"), together with the terms and conditions as set out in each other Annex which is specified as 
applicable in the Issue Terms and subject to completion in the Issue Terms. In the event of any inconsistency 
between (i) the General Conditions and/or any other Annex and (ii) the Payout Conditions, the Payout 
Conditions shall prevail. In the event of any inconsistency between (i) the General Conditions and/or any 
other Annex and/or the Payout Conditions and (ii) the Issue Terms, the Issue Terms shall prevail. 
1. 
Structured Notes 
(a) 
Use of Payout Conditions 
These Payout Conditions set out the methodology for determining various payouts and product 
features in respect of the Notes. The applicable text shown in Payout Conditions 2, 3, 4 and 5 below 
will be extracted, included and completed at the paragraph indicated in the Issue Terms on the basis 
that (i) applicable text (including, where appropriate, section headings and terms defined in Payout 
Condition 5 which are required to be completed) from the relevant Payout Condition will be set 
out at the paragraph indicated or required in the Issue Terms and (ii) inapplicable text (and any 
terms defined in Payout Condition 5 which are not required to be completed) need not be included. 
(b) 
Use of Terms 
Terms in these Payout Conditions or in the Issue Terms may be attributed a numerical or letter 
suffix value when included in the Issue Terms. Without limitation, the suffix can be denoted as "j", 
"k", "m", "q", "n", "t", "i", "A", "B", "C" or "1", "2", "3" etc. and the term may be completed on 
the basis of the number or numbers represented by j, k, m, q, n, t, i, "A", "B", "C" or 1, 2, 3 etc. as 
chosen at the time of an issue of Notes. Moreover suffixes may be placed in series as necessary, 
such as "A(1)", "B(1)", "C(1)" etc. When applicable and in order to improve the reading and 
intelligibility of the formula(e) in the Issue Terms, the applicable suffixes may be included, 
completed and the relation between the term and the suffix will be explained and may be presented 
as a table, if necessary, in the Issue Terms. A term in Payout Condition 5 may be included in the 
applicable Issue Terms section more than once if there is more than one number represented by the 
term n, t or i. Conjunctions (e.g. or, and, but) and punctuation may also be included where 
appropriate. Suffixes may denote that a relevant term relates to an asset, item or date associated 
with that suffix. 
The constituent parts of any formula(e) or term(s) used in these Payout Conditions and that are to 
be specified in the Issue Terms may be replaced in the Issue Terms by the prescribed amount, level, 
or percentage or other value or term (the "Variable Data"). If a Variable Data has a value of either 
0 (zero) or 1 (one), or is not applicable in respect of the relevant formula(e), then the related 
formula(e) may be simplified, for the purpose of improving the reading and intelligibility in the 
formula(e) in the Issue Terms, by deleting such Variable Data. 
(c) 
Note Types 
The Issue Terms will specify the Interest Basis applicable in respect of a Note. Such Notes are, 
where the Interest Basis is: Index Linked Interest, an "Index Linked Interest Note"; Equity 
Linked Interest, an "Equity Linked Interest Note"; Inflation Linked Interest, an "Inflation 
Linked Interest Note"; Reference Item Rate Linked Interest, a "Reference Item Rate Linked 
Interest Note"; Fund Linked Interest, a "Fund Linked Interest Note"; Foreign Exchange (FX) 
Rate Linked Interest, a "Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Interest Note" or where a 
combination of any two or more Interest Bases, a "Combination Interest Note" (each, a 
"Reference Item Linked Interest Note"). 
The Issue Terms will specify the Redemption Basis applicable in respect of a Note. Such Notes 
are, where the Redemption Basis is: Index Linked Redemption; an "Index Linked Redemption 
Note"; Equity Linked Redemption, an "Equity Linked Redemption Note"; Inflation Linked 
Redemption, an "Inflation Linked Redemption Note"; Reference Item Rate Linked Redemption,

--- Page 133 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
 
- 118 - 
 
 
a "Reference Item Rate Linked Redemption Note"; Fund Linked Redemption, a "Fund Linked 
Redemption Note"; Credit Linked Redemption, a "Credit Linked Redemption Note" or "Credit 
Linked Note"; Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Redemption, a "Foreign Exchange (FX) 
Rate Linked Redemption Note" or where a combination of any two or more Redemption Bases, 
a "Combination Redemption Note" (each, a "Reference Item Linked Redemption Note"). 
2. 
Interest Rates Payout Formula(e) and Final Payout Formula(e) for Structured Notes 
2.1 
Interest Rate Payout Formula(e) 
(For insertion and completion into Paragraph 17(ix) (Rate of Interest) in the Issue Terms. Note: 
where a Rate of Interest is a fixed or floating rate, paragraph 18 or 19 as applicable, in the Issue 
Terms should be completed.) 
(i) 
"Rate of Interest (i)" 
Coupon valueሺiሻ 
(ii) 
"Rate of Interest (ii)" 
Rateሺiሻ 
(iii) 
"Rate of Interest (iii)" 
Leverageሺiሻ∗Rateሺiሻ൅Spreadሺiሻ 
(iv) 
"Rate of Interest (iv)" 
Leverageሺiሻ∗ReferneceSpreadሺiሻ൅Spreadሺiሻ 
(v) 
"Rate of Interest (v)" 
Previous Interestሺiሻ൅Spreadሺiሻ 
(vi) 
"Rate of Interest (vi)" 
Previous Interestሺiሻ൅Leverageሺiሻ∗RefernceItem rateሺiሻ൅Spreadሺiሻ 
(vii) 
"Rate of Interest (vii)" 
Leverageሺiሻ∗൫Coupon valueሺiሻ൅Spreadሺiሻ൯൅Spreadሺiሻ 
(viii) 
"Rate of Interest (viii)" 
Constant Percentageሺiሻ
൅MaxሾFloor Percentage; Leverage
∗ሺCoupon ValueሺiሻെStrikePercentageሻሿ 
(ix) 
"Rate of Interest (ix)" 
Constant Percentageሺiሻ
൅MinሾCap Percentage; MaxሾFloor Percentage; Leverage
∗ሺCoupon ValueሺiሻሻሿെStrike Percentageሿ 
(x) 
"Rate of Interest" (x)" –"Range Accrual" 
(insert the following where interest accrual is calculated based on the number of days on 
which the Range Accrual Coupon Condition or Range Accrual Countdown Condition is 
satisfied) 
Leverageሺiሻ∗Rateሺiሻ൅Spreadሺiሻ∗𝑛𝑁
ൗ

--- Page 134 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
 
- 119 - 
 
 
(insert the following where interest accrual is calculated based on the number of days on 
which the Range Accrual Coupon Condition or Range Accrual Countdown Condition is 
satisfied but subtracting the number of days on which the Range Accrual Condition is not 
satisfied) 
(xi) 
"Rate of Interest (xi)"– "Digital One Barrier": 
(A) 
If the Coupon Barrier Condition is satisfied in respect of a [ST Coupon Valuation 
Date][Coupon Valuation Date][ST Coupon Valuation Period][or was satisfied in 
any previous Interest Period] 
[Constant Percentage[1]] [select and insert the Interest Rate Payout Formula 
from any one of "Rate of Interest (i)" to "Rate of Interest (x)" (inclusive); for the 
avoidance of doubt the selected Interest Rate Payout Formula for this paragraph 
(A) may be different from the Interest Rate Payout Formula for paragraph (B)]; 
or 
(B) 
Otherwise: 
[zero][Constant Percentage [2]] [select and insert the Interest Rate Payout 
Formula from one of "Rate of Interest (i)" to "Rate of Interest (x)" (inclusive); for 
the avoidance of doubt the selected Interest Rate Payout Formula for this 
paragraph (B) may be different from the Interest Rate Payout Formula for 
paragraph (A)]. 
(xii) 
"Rate of Interest (xii)" – "Strike Podium n Barriers": 
(A) 
If Coupon Barrier Condition 1 is satisfied in respect of a [ST Coupon Valuation 
Date][Coupon Valuation Date][ST Coupon Valuation Period][or was satisfied in 
any previous Interest Period] 
[Constant Percentage 1][select and insert the Interest Rate Payout formula from 
any one of "Rate of Interest (i)" to "Rate of Interest (x)" (inclusive)], or 
(B) 
If Coupon Barrier Condition [2] is satisfied in respect of a [ST Coupon Valuation 
Date][Coupon Valuation Date][ST Coupon Valuation Period] and Coupon 
Barrier Condition [1] is not satisfied in respect of a [ST Coupon Valuation 
Date][Coupon Valuation Date][ST Coupon Valuation Period][and was not 
satisfied in any previous Interest Period]: 
[Constant Percentage 2] [select and insert the Interest Rate Payout Formula from 
any one of "Rate of Interest (i)" to "Rate of Interest (x)" (inclusive); for the 
avoidance of doubt the selected Interest Rate Payout Formula for this paragraph 
(B) may be different from the Interest Rate Payout Formula for paragraph (A)]; 
or 
(C) 
Otherwise: 
[zero] [Constant Percentage 3] [select and insert the Interest Rate Payout 
Formula from any one of "Rate of Interest (i)" to "Rate of Interest (x)" (inclusive) 
for the avoidance of doubt the selected Interest Rate Payout Formula for this 
paragraph (C) may be different from the Interest Rate Payout Formulae for 
paragraphs (A) and (B) respectively]. 
(The above provisions of paragraph (B) may be duplicated in case more than two 
Coupon Conditions apply) 
(xiii) 
"Rate of Interest (xiii)" – "Ramses" 
(A) 
If Barrier Count Condition is satisfied in respect of a ST Coupon Valuation Date: 
Rateሺiሻ൅SumRateሺiሻ;

--- Page 135 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
 
- 120 - 
 
 
(B) 
Otherwise, zero. 
(xiv) 
"Rate of Interest (xiv)" – "Mozart" 
Rateሺiሻ∗n 
(xv) 
"Rate of Interest (xv)" – "Mozart Variable" 
Rateሺnሻ 
(xvi) 
"Rate of Interest (xvi)" – "Call with Individual Caps" 
𝑀𝑎𝑥൥𝑀𝑖𝑛 𝐶𝑜𝑢𝑝𝑜𝑛ሺ𝑖ሻ; ෍൫𝑅𝐼 𝑊𝑒𝑖𝑔ℎ𝑡𝑖𝑛𝑔ሺ𝑘ሻ∗𝑀𝑎𝑥ൣ𝐹𝑙𝑜𝑜𝑟 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑐𝑒𝑛𝑡𝑎𝑔𝑒ሺ𝑖ሻ; 𝑀𝑖𝑛ሾ𝐶𝑎𝑝 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑐𝑒𝑛𝑡𝑎𝑔𝑒ሺ𝑖ሻ; 𝐶𝑜𝑢𝑝𝑜𝑛 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒ሺ𝑖, 𝑘ሻሿ൧൯
௄
௞ୀଵ
െ𝑆𝑡𝑟𝑖𝑘𝑒 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑐𝑒𝑛𝑡𝑎𝑔𝑒ሺ𝑖ሻ൩൅𝐶𝑜𝑛𝑠𝑡𝑎𝑛𝑡 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑐𝑑𝑒𝑛𝑡𝑎𝑔𝑒ሺ𝑖ሻ 
(xvii) 
"Rate of Interest (xvii)" – "Cappuccino" 
𝑀𝑎𝑥൥𝑀𝑖𝑛 𝐶𝑜𝑢𝑝𝑜𝑛ሺ𝑖ሻ; ෍ሺ𝑅𝐼 𝑊𝑒𝑖𝑔ℎ𝑡𝑖𝑛𝑔ሺ𝑘ሻ∗𝑀𝑎𝑥ሾ𝐹𝑙𝑜𝑜𝑟 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑐𝑒𝑛𝑡𝑎𝑔𝑒ሺ𝑖ሻ; 𝐶𝑎𝑝𝑝𝑢𝑐𝑐𝑖𝑛𝑜 𝐵𝑎𝑟𝑟𝑖𝑒𝑟 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒 ሺ𝑖, 𝑘ሻሿሻ
௄
௞ୀଵ
െ𝑆𝑡𝑟𝑖𝑘𝑒 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑐𝑒𝑛𝑡𝑎𝑔𝑒ሺ𝑖ሻ൩൅𝐶𝑜𝑛𝑠𝑡𝑎𝑛𝑡 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑐𝑑𝑒𝑛𝑡𝑎𝑔𝑒ሺ𝑖ሻ 
(xviii) "Rate of Interest (xviii)" – "Best Replace" 
(Insert the following if local floor is applicable) 
𝑀𝑎𝑥൥𝑀𝑖𝑛 𝐶𝑜𝑢𝑝𝑜𝑛ሺ𝑖ሻ; ෍ሺ𝑅𝐼 𝑊𝑒𝑖𝑔ℎ𝑡𝑖𝑛𝑔ሺ𝑘ሻ∗𝑀𝑎𝑥ሾ𝐹𝑙𝑜𝑜𝑟 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑐𝑒𝑛𝑡𝑎𝑔𝑒ሺ𝑖ሻ; 𝑀𝑜𝑑𝑖𝑓𝑖𝑒𝑑 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒ሺ𝑖, 𝑘ሻሿሻ
௄
௞ୀଵ
െ𝑆𝑡𝑟𝑖𝑘𝑒 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑐𝑒𝑛𝑡𝑎𝑔𝑒ሺ𝑖ሻ൩ 
(Insert the following if local floor is not applicable) 
𝑀𝑎𝑥൥𝑀𝑖𝑛 𝐶𝑜𝑢𝑝𝑜𝑛ሺ𝑖ሻ; ෍ቀ𝑅𝐼 𝑊𝑒𝑖𝑔ℎ𝑡𝑖𝑛𝑔ሺ𝑘ሻ∗൫𝑀𝑜𝑑𝑖𝑓𝑖𝑒𝑑 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒ሺ𝑖, 𝑘ሻെ𝑆𝑡𝑟𝑖𝑘𝑒 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑐𝑒𝑛𝑡𝑎𝑔𝑒ሺ𝑖ሻ൯ቁ
௄
௞ୀଵ
൩ 
(xix) 
"Rate of Interest (xix)" – "Cliquet" 
𝑀𝑎𝑥൥෍൫𝑀𝑎𝑥 ൣ𝐹𝑙𝑜𝑜𝑟 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑐𝑒𝑛𝑡𝑎𝑔𝑒ሺ𝑖ሻ; 𝑀𝑖𝑛ሾ𝐶𝑎𝑝 𝑝𝑒𝑟𝑐𝑒𝑛𝑡𝑎𝑔𝑒 ሺ𝑖ሻ; 𝐶𝑜𝑢𝑝𝑜𝑛 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒 ሺ𝑖ሻሿ൧൯
்
௜ୀଵ
െ𝑆𝑡𝑟𝑖𝑘𝑒𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑐𝑒𝑛𝑡𝑎𝑔𝑒, 𝐹𝑙𝑜𝑜𝑟 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑐𝑒𝑛𝑡𝑎𝑔𝑒൩ 
(xx) 
"Rate of Interest (xx)" – "Cliquet Digital" 
(A) 
If Cliquet Digital Performance is greater than Constant Percentage 1: 
Cliquet Digital Performance; or 
(B) 
If Cliquet Digital Performance is greater than or equal to Constant Percentage 2 
and is less than or equal to Constant Percentage 1: 
Constant Percentage 1; or 
(C) 
If Cliquet Digital Performance is less than Constant Percentage 2: 
Constant Percentage 2.

--- Page 136 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
 
- 121 - 
 
 
(xxi) 
"Rate of Interest (xxi)" – "Cliquet Digital Lock-in" 
𝑀𝑎𝑥൥𝐹𝑙𝑜𝑜𝑟𝐿𝑜𝑐𝑘𝑖𝑛; ෍൫𝑀𝑎𝑥 ൣ𝐹𝑙𝑜𝑜𝑟 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑐𝑒𝑛𝑡𝑎𝑔𝑒ሺ𝑖ሻ; 𝑀𝑖𝑛ሾ𝐶𝑎𝑝 𝑝𝑒𝑟𝑐𝑒𝑛𝑡𝑎𝑔𝑒 ሺ𝑖ሻ; 𝐶𝑜𝑢𝑝𝑜𝑛 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒 ሺ𝑖ሻሿ൧൯
்
௜ୀଵ
െ𝑆𝑡𝑟𝑖𝑘𝑒𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑐𝑒𝑛𝑡𝑎𝑔𝑒, 𝐹𝑙𝑜𝑜𝑟 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑐𝑒𝑛𝑡𝑎𝑔𝑒൩ 
(xxii) 
"Rate of Interest (xxii)" – "Digital Coupon One Condition" 
(A) 
If Digital Coupon Condition is satisfied in respect of a [ST Coupon Valuation 
Date][Coupon Valuation Date][ST Coupon Valuation Period][or was satisfied in 
any previous Interest Period]: 
Rate A(i); or 
(B) 
Otherwise: 
Rate B(i). 
(xxiii) "Rate of Interest (xxiii)" – "Digital Coupon Two Conditions" 
(A) 
If Digital Coupon Condition 1 is satisfied in respect of a [ST Coupon Valuation 
Date][ST Coupon Valuation Period][or was satisfied in any previous Interest 
Period]: 
Rate A(i); or 
(B 
If Digital Coupon Condition 1 is not satisfied in respect of a [ST Coupon 
Valuation Date][ST Coupon Valuation Period][or was satisfied in any previous 
Interest Period], but Digital Coupon Condition 2 is satisfied in respect of such 
[ST Coupon Valuation Date][ST Coupon Valuation Period]: 
Rate B(i); or 
(C) 
Otherwise: 
Rate C(i). 
(xxiv) "Rate of Interest (xxiv)" – "TARN" 
(A) 
In respect of each Interest Period other than the Target Final Interest Period: 
[select and insert the Interest Rate Payout Formula from any one of "Rate of 
Interest (i)" to "Rate of Interest (x)" (inclusive)]; and 
(B) 
In respect of the Target Final Interest Period and provided that an Automatic 
Early Redemption Event has not occurred: 
Final Interest Rate. 
(xxv) 
"Rate of Interest (xxv)" – "Ratchet" 
Min[Cap Percentage; Max [Previous Interest (i);Rate (i)] 
(xxvi) "Rate of Interest (xxvi)" – "Multiplier" 
(insert the following if a cap is applicable) 
𝐶𝑜𝑛𝑠𝑡𝑎𝑛𝑡 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑐𝑒𝑛𝑡𝑎𝑔𝑒 
൅ 𝑀𝑖𝑛 ሾ𝐶𝑎𝑝 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑐𝑒𝑛𝑡𝑎𝑔𝑒;  𝑀𝑎𝑥ሾ𝐹𝑙𝑜𝑜𝑟 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑐𝑒𝑛𝑡𝑎𝑔𝑒, 𝑀𝑢𝑙𝑡𝑖𝑝𝑙𝑒𝑟 𝑁𝑢𝑚𝑏𝑒𝑟
∗𝐶𝑜𝑛𝑠𝑡𝑎𝑛𝑡 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑐𝑒𝑛𝑡𝑎𝑔𝑒 2 
(insert the following if a cap is not applicable)

--- Page 137 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
 
- 122 - 
 
 
Constant Percentage + Max [Floor Percentage, Multiplier Number*Constant Percentage 2] 
(xxvii) "Rate of Interest (xxvii)" – "Count Barrier Condition" 
(A) 
If, in respect of [a] ST Coupon Valuation Date, the Barrier Count Condition has 
been satisfied [specify][or more][or less] times: 
[Constant Percentage [1] [select and insert the Interest Rate Payout Formula from 
any one of "Rate of Interest (i)" to "Rate of Interest (x)" (inclusive)]; (for the 
avoidance of doubt the selected Interest Rate Payout Formula for this paragraph 
(A) may be different from the Interest Rate Payout Formula for paragraph (B)]; 
or 
(B) 
Otherwise: 
[zero][Constant Percentage [2]][select and insert the Interest Rate Payout 
Formula from one of "Rate of Interest (i)" to "Rate of Interest (x)" (inclusive)]; 
(for the avoidance of doubt the selected Interest Rate Payout Formula for this 
paragraph (B) may be different from the Interest Rate Payout Formula for 
paragraph (A)] 
(xxviii) "Rate of Interest (xxviii)" – "Podium" 
SumRateሺnሻ 
(xxix) "Rate of Interest (xxix)" – "Compensation" 
(A) 
If, in respect of the [ST Coupon Valuation Date][ST Coupon Valuation Period] 
falling on i=[specify [and i=[specify]], the Calculation Agent determines that the 
sum of the Rate of Interest (specify name of the applicable Rate of Interest) above 
for such [ST Coupon Valuation Date][ST Coupon Valuation Period] [and the 
[specify] preceding [ST Coupon Valuation Dates][ST Coupon Valuation 
Periods]] is [zero][specify percentage] then for each such [ST Coupon Valuation 
Date][ST Coupon Valuation Period] the Rate of Interest shall be: 
[Constant Percentage [1] [select and insert the Interest Rate Payout Formula from 
any one of "Rate of Interest (i)" to "Rate of Interest (x)" (inclusive)]; (for the 
avoidance of doubt the selected Interest Rate Payout Formula for this paragraph 
(A) may be different from the Interest Rate Payout Formula for paragraph (B))]; 
or 
(B) 
Otherwise, for each such [ST Coupon Valuation Date][ST Coupon Valuation 
Period] the Rate of Interest shall be: 
[zero][Constant Percentage [2]][select and insert the Interest Rate Payout 
Formula from one of "Rate of Interest (i)" to "Rate of Interest (x)" (inclusive)](for 
the avoidance of doubt the selected Interest Rate Payout Formula for this 
paragraph (B) may be different from the Interest Rate Payout Formula for 
paragraph (A))] 
(xxx) 
"Rate of Interest (xxx)" – "Dual Currency Digital Coupon" 
(A) 
If the Coupon Barrier Condition is satisfied in respect of a [ST Coupon Valuation 
Date][ST Coupon Valuation Period][or was satisfied in any previous Interest 
Period] 
[Constant Percentage[1]] [select and insert the Interest Rate Payout Formula 
from any one of "Rate of Interest (i)" to "Rate of Interest (x)" (inclusive); for the 
avoidance of doubt the selected Interest Rate Payout Formula for this paragraph 
(A) may be different from the Interest Rate Payout Formula for paragraph (B)]; 
or

--- Page 138 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
 
- 123 - 
 
 
(B) 
Otherwise: 
[zero][Constant Percentage [2]] [select and insert the Interest Rate Payout 
Formula from one of "Rate of Interest (i)" to "Rate of Interest (x)" (inclusive); for 
the avoidance of doubt the selected Interest Rate Payout Formula for this 
paragraph (B) may be different from the Interest Rate Payout Formula for 
paragraph (A)] [and the Settlement Exchange Rate Provisions shall apply with 
respect to the payment of the corresponding Interest Amount]. 
(xxxi) "Rate of Interest (xxxi)" – "Lock-in Coupon Barrier": 
(A) 
If the Coupon Barrier Condition is satisfied in respect of the relevant [ST Coupon 
Valuation Date][Coupon Valuation Date][ST Coupon Valuation Period] and the 
Lock-in Coupon Barrier Condition has not been satisfied in respect of the relevant 
[ST Coupon Valuation Date][Coupon Valuation Date][ST Coupon Valuation 
Period]: 
[Constant Percentage [1]] [select and insert the Interest Rate Payout Formula 
from any one of "Rate of Interest (i)" to "Rate of Interest (x)" (inclusive); for the 
avoidance of doubt the selected Interest Rate Payout Formula for this paragraph 
(A) may be different from the Interest Rate Payout Formula for paragraph (B) or 
(C)]; or 
(B) 
If the Coupon Barrier Condition is not satisfied in respect of the relevant [ST 
Coupon Valuation Date][Coupon Valuation Date][ST Coupon Valuation Period] 
and the Lock-in Coupon Barrier Condition has not been satisfied in respect of the 
relevant [ST Coupon Valuation Date][Coupon Valuation Date][ST Coupon 
Valuation Period]: 
[zero][Constant Percentage [2]] [select and insert the Interest Rate Payout 
Formula from one of "Rate of Interest (i)" to "Rate of Interest (x)" (inclusive); for 
the avoidance of doubt the selected Interest Rate Payout Formula for this 
paragraph (B) may be different from the Interest Rate Payout Formula for 
paragraph (A) or (C)]; or 
(C) 
If the Lock-in Coupon Barrier Condition is satisfied in respect of the relevant [ST 
Coupon Valuation Date][Coupon Valuation Date][ST Coupon Valuation Period]: 
[Constant Percentage [3]] [select and insert the Interest Rate Payout Formula 
from any one of "Rate of Interest (i)" to "Rate of Interest (x)" (inclusive); for the 
avoidance of doubt the selected Interest Rate Payout Formula for this paragraph 
(C) may be different from the Interest Rate Payout Formula for paragraph (A) or 
(B)]. 
2.2 
Final Payouts Formula(e) 
For insertion and completion into Paragraph 30 (Final Payout) in the Issue Terms 
(i) 
"Redemption (i)" 
FR Value 
(ii) 
"Redemption (ii)" – "Call" 
(Insert the following if no cap or floor is applicable) 
Constant Percentage+൫Leverage*ሺFR Value-Strike Percentageሻ൯*RIFX R𝑎𝑡𝑒 
(Insert the following if a floor is applicable) 
Constant Percentage ൅Leverage ∗Max Call Floor Percentage; Additional Leverage
∗FR Value െStrike Percentage ∗RI FX Rate

--- Page 139 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
 
- 124 - 
 
 
(Insert the following if a cap is applicable) 
Constant Percentage
൅ሺLeverage
∗MinሾCall Cap Percentage; Additional Leverage ∗ሺFR Value െStrike Percentageሻሿሻ
∗RI FX Rate 
(Insert the following if a cap and a floor are applicable) 
Constant Percentage
൅൫Leverage
∗MinൣCall Cap Percentage; Max ሾCall Floor Percentage; Call Leverage
∗ሺFR Value െStrike Percentageሻ൅Call Spread Percentageሿ൧൯∗RI FX Rate 
(iii) 
"Redemption (iii)" – "Put" 
(Insert the following if no cap or floor is applicable) 
Constant Percentage ൅൫Leverage ∗ሺStrike Percentage െFR Valueሻ൯∗RI FX Rate 
(Insert the following if a floor is applicable) 
Constant Percentage
൅ሺLeverage
∗Max ሾPut Floor Percentage; Additional Leverage
∗ሺStrike Percentage െFR Valueሻ ሿሻ∗RI FX Rate 
(Insert the following if a cap is applicable) 
Constant Percentage
൅ሺLeverage
∗Min ሾPut Cap Percentage; Additional Leverage
∗ሺStrike Percentage െFR Valueሻ ሿሻ∗RI FX Rate 
(Insert the following if a cap and a floor are applicable) 
Constant Percentage
൅൫Leverage
∗MinൣPut Cap Percentage; Max ሾPut Floor Percentage; Put Strike Percentage
െPut Leverage ∗ሺStrike Percentage െFR Valueሻሿ൧൯∗RI FX Rate 
(iv) 
"Redemption (iv)" 
Call Constant Percentage
൅ቀLeverage
∗൫MinൣCall Cap Percentage; Max ሾCall Floor Percentage; Call Leverage ∗FR Value
൅Call Strike Percentageሿ൧൯ቁ∗RI FX Rate
൅ቀAdditional Leverage
∗൫MinൣPut Cap Percentage; Max ሾPut Floor Percentage; Put Strike Percentage
െPut Leverage ∗FR Valueሿ൧൯ቁ∗RI FX Rate 
(v) 
"Redemption (v)" – "Multiplier" 
Constant Percentage 1
൅ሺConstant Percentage 2 ൅Multiplier Number
∗Constant Percentage 3ሻ∗FR Value

--- Page 140 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
 
- 125 - 
 
 
(vi) 
"Redemption (vi)" – "Digital": 
(A) 
If the Final Redemption Condition is satisfied in respect of a [ST Redemption 
Valuation Date][ST Redemption Valuation Period]: 
[Constant Percentage 1][select and insert the Final Payout Formula from any one 
of "Redemption (i)" to "Redemption (v) – Multiplier" (inclusive)][no Final 
Redemption Amount will be payable and Physical Delivery will apply]; or 
(B) 
Otherwise: 
[Constant Percentage 2][select and insert the Final Payout Formula from any one 
of "Redemption (i)" to "Redemption (v) - Multiplier" (inclusive); for the avoidance 
of doubt the selected Final Payout Formula for this paragraph (B) may be 
different from the Final Payout Formula for paragraph (A))[no Final Redemption 
Amount will be payable and Physical Delivery will apply]. 
(vii) 
"Redemption (vii)" – "Digital with Knock-in" 
(A) 
If the Final Redemption Condition is satisfied in respect of a [ST Redemption 
Valuation Date][ST Redemption Valuation Period] and no Knock-in Event has 
occurred: 
[Constant Percentage 1][select and insert the Final Payout Formula from any one 
of "Redemption (i)" to "Redemption (v) - Multiplier" (inclusive)][no Final 
Redemption Amount will be payable and Physical Delivery will apply]; or 
(B) 
Otherwise: 
[Constant Percentage 2][select and insert the Final Payout Formula from any one 
of "Redemption (i)" to "Redemption (v) - Multiplier" (inclusive)](for the 
avoidance of doubt the selected Final Payout Formula for this paragraph (B) may 
be different from the Final Payout Formula for paragraph (A))[no Final 
Redemption Amount will be payable and Physical Delivery will apply]. 
(viii) 
"Redemption (viii)" – "Strike Podium n Conditions": 
(A) 
If the Final Redemption Condition [1] is satisfied in respect of a [ST Redemption 
Valuation Date][ST Redemption Valuation Period]: 
[Constant Percentage 1][select and insert the Final Payout Formula from any one 
of "Redemption (i)" to "Redemption (v) - Multiplier" (inclusive)][no Final 
Redemption Amount will be payable and Physical Delivery will apply]; or 
(B) 
If the Final Redemption Condition [2] is satisfied in respect of a [ST Redemption 
Valuation Date][ST Redemption Valuation Period] and Final Redemption 
Condition [1] is not satisfied in respect of a [ST Redemption Valuation Date][ST 
Redemption Valuation Period][[and no Knock-in Event has occurred]: 
[Constant Percentage 2][select and insert the Final Payout Formula from any one 
of "Redemption (i)" to "Redemption (v) - Multiplier" (inclusive); for the avoidance 
of doubt the selected Final Payout Formula for this paragraph (B) may be 
different from the Final Payout Formula for paragraph (A))[no Final Redemption 
Amount will be payable and Physical Delivery will apply]; or 
(C) 
Otherwise: 
[Constant Percentage 3][select and insert the Final Payout Formula from any one 
of "Redemption (i)" to "Redemption (v) - Multiplier" (inclusive); for the avoidance 
of doubt the selected Final Payout Formula for this paragraph (C) may be 
different from the Final Payout Formula for any of the preceding paragraphs)[no 
Final Redemption Amount will be payable and Physical Delivery will apply].

--- Page 141 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
 
- 126 - 
 
 
(The above provisions of (B) may be duplicated in case more than two Final 
Redemption Conditions apply) 
(ix) 
"Redemption (ix)" – "Versus Standard" 
(A) 
If no Knock-in Event has occurred: 
[Constant Percentage 1][select and insert the Final Payout Formula from any one 
of "Redemption (i)" to "Redemption (v) - Multiplier" (inclusive)] [no Final 
Redemption Amount will be payable and Physical Delivery will apply]; or 
(B) 
If a Knock-in Event has occurred: 
[Min [Constant Percentage 2; FR Value]][Constant Percentage 2][no Final 
Redemption Amount will be payable and Physical Delivery will apply]. 
(x) 
"Redemption (x)" – "Versus" 
(A) 
If no Knock-in Event has occurred: 
[Constant Percentage 1][select and insert the Final Payout Formula from any one 
of "Redemption (i)" to "Redemption (v) - Multiplier" (inclusive)][no Final 
Redemption Amount will be payable and Physical Delivery will apply]; or 
(B) 
If a Knock-in Event has occurred: 
Max Contant Percentage 2 ൅Leverage ∗Option; 0 Contant Percentage 2 
(xi) 
"Redemption (xi)" – "Knock-in Standard" 
(A) 
If the Final Redemption Condition is satisfied in respect of a [ST Redemption 
Valuation Date][ST Redemption Valuation Period]: 
[100% + FR Additional Rate][select and insert the Final Payout Formula from 
any one of "Redemption (i)" to "Redemption (v) – Multiplier" (inclusive)][no Final 
Redemption Amount will be payable and Physical Delivery will apply]; or) 
(B) 
If the Final Redemption Condition is not satisfied in respect of a [ST Redemption 
Valuation Date][ST Redemption Valuation Period] and no Knock-in Event has 
occurred: 
[100% + Coupon Airbag Percentage][select and insert the Final Payout Formula 
from any one of "Redemption (i) to "Redemption (v) – Multiplier" (inclusive); for 
the avoidance of doubt the selected Final Payout Formula for this paragraph (B) 
may be different from the Final Payout Formula for paragraph (A)][no Final 
Redemption Amount will be payable and Physical Delivery will apply]; or 
(C) 
If the Final Redemption Condition is not satisfied in respect of a [ST Redemption 
Valuation Date][ST Redemption Valuation Period] and a Knock-in Event has 
occurred: 
[Min [Constant Percentage; FR Value]][Constant Percentage 2] [select and insert 
the Final Payout Formula from any one of "Redemption (i)" to "Redemption (v) - 
Multiplier" (inclusive); for the avoidance of doubt the selected Final Payout 
Formula for this paragraph (C) may be different from the Final Payout Formula 
for any of the preceding paragraphs][no Final Redemption Amount will be 
payable and Physical Delivery will apply].

--- Page 142 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
 
- 127 - 
 
 
(xii) 
"Redemption (xii)" – "Twin Win" 
(Insert the following if a cap is not applicable) 
(A) 
If a Knock-out Event has occurred: 
ሾContant Percentage 1 ൅ሺMaxሾFloor Percentage; Lever Down ∗FR Valueሿሻ∗
RIFX Rateሿሾno Final Redemption Amount will be payable and Physical Delivery will applyሿ; or 
(B) 
If no Knock-out Event has occurred: 
ሾContant Percentage 2 ൅ሺLevel Up 1 ∗MaxሾStrike Percentage െFR Value; Floor Percentage 1ሿሻ
∗RIFX Rate ൅ሺLevel Up 2 ∗MaxሾFR Value െStrike Percentage 1; Floor Percentage 2ሿሻ
∗RIFX Rateሿሾno Final Redemption Amount will be payable and Physical Delivery will applyሿ 
(Insert the following if a cap is applicable) 
(A) 
If a Knock-out Event has occurred: 
ሾContant Percentage ൅ሺMaxሾFloor Percentage; Lever Down ∗FR Valueሿሻ∗
RIFX Rateሿሾno Final Redemption Amount will be payable and Physical Delivery will applyሿ; or 
(B) 
If no Knock-out Event has occurred: 
ൣContant Percentage 2 ൅ሺLevel Up 1 ∗MaxሾStrike Percentage െFR Value; Floor Percentage 1ሿሻ∗
RI FX Rate ൅൫Level Up 2 ∗MinൣCap Percentage; MaxሾFR Value െ
Strike Percentage 1; Floor Percentage 2ሿ൧൯∗
RI FX Rate൧ሾno Final Redemption Amount will be payable and Physical Delivery will applyሿ. 
(xiii) 
"Redemption (xiii)" – "Himalaya" 
𝐶𝑜𝑛𝑠𝑡𝑎𝑛𝑡 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑐𝑒𝑛𝑡𝑎𝑔𝑒 1 ൅𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑟𝑎𝑔𝑒 
∗𝑀𝑎𝑥൥
1
𝑇𝑜𝑎𝑡𝑎𝑙𝑀
∗෍𝑀𝑎𝑥ሾ𝐵𝑒𝑠𝑡 𝐿𝑜𝑐𝑘 𝑉𝑎𝑢𝑒ሺ𝑖ሻ
ெ
௜ୀଵ
െ𝑆𝑡𝑟𝑖𝑘𝑒 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑐𝑒𝑛𝑡𝑎𝑔𝑒ሺ𝑖ሻ; 𝐿𝑜𝑐𝑎𝑙 𝐹𝑙𝑜𝑜𝑟 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑐𝑒𝑛𝑡𝑎𝑔𝑒ሺ𝑖ሻሿ; 0൩ 
(xiv) 
"Redemption (xiv)" – "Booster" 
(A) 
If the Final Redemption Condition is satisfied in respect of a ST Redemption 
Valuation Date[in the][ST Redemption Valuation Period]: 
Constant Percentage 1 ൅Maxሾ0%;  Booster Percentage ∗ሺFR Value െ
Strike Percentageሻሿ; or 
(B) 
If the Final Redemption Condition is not satisfied in respect of a [ST Redemption 
Valuation Date][in the][ST Redemption Valuation Period] and no Knock-in 
Event has occurred: 
Constant Percentage 2; or 
(C) 
If the Final Redemption Condition is not satisfied in respect of a [ST Redemption 
Valuation Date][in the] [ST Redemption Valuation Period] and a Knock-in Event 
has occurred: 
Min [Constant Percentage 3; FR Value] [no Final Redemption Amount will be 
payable and Physical Delivery will apply]

--- Page 143 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
 
- 128 - 
 
 
(xv) 
"Redemption (xv)" – "Bonus" 
(A) 
If no Knock-in Event has occurred: 
Constant Percentage 1 ൅MaxሾBonus Percentage;  LeverageሺFR Value െ
Strike Percentageሻሿ; or 
(B) 
Otherwise: 
[FR Value][no Final Redemption Amount will be payable and Physical Delivery 
will apply] 
(xvi) 
"Redemption (xvi)" – "Dual Currency Digital" 
(A) 
If the Final Redemption Condition is satisfied in respect of a [ST Redemption 
Valuation Date][ST Redemption Valuation Period][and no Knock-in Event has 
occurred]: 
[Constant Percentage 1][select and insert the Final Payout Formula from any one 
of "Redemption (i)" to "Redemption (v) – Multiplier" (inclusive)]; or 
(B) 
Otherwise: 
[Constant Percentage 2][select and insert the Final Payout Formula from any one 
of "Redemption (i)" to "Redemption (v) - Multiplier" (inclusive); for the 
avoidance of doubt the selected Final Payout Formula for this paragraph (B) may 
be different from the Final Payout Formula for paragraph (A)) [and the 
Settlement Exchange Rate Provisions shall apply with respect to the payment of 
the Final Redemption Amount[.][which, for the avoidance of doubt shall be an 
amount equal to [specify currency and amount] per Calculation Amount]]. 
(xvii) 
"Redemption (xvii)" – "Lock-in" 
(A) 
If the Lock-in Redemption Condition is satisfied in respect of [a][the] [ST 
Redemption Valuation Date][ST Redemption Valuation Period]: 
[Constant Percentage [1]][select and insert the Final Payout Formula from any 
one of "Redemption (i)" to "Redemption (v) – Multiplier" (inclusive); for the 
avoidance of doubt the selected Final Payout Formula for this paragraph (A) may 
be different from the Final Payout Formula for paragraph (B) or (C)]; or 
(B) 
If the Lock-in Redemption Condition has not been satisfied in respect of [a][the] 
[ST Redemption Valuation Date][ST Redemption Valuation Period] and a 
Knock-in Event has occurred: 
[Constant Percentage [2]][select and insert the Final Payout Formula from any 
one of "Redemption (i)" to "Redemption (v) – Multiplier" (inclusive); for the 
avoidance of doubt the selected Final Payout Formula for this paragraph (B) may 
be different from the Final Payout Formula for paragraph (A) or (C)]; or 
(C) 
If a Knock-in Event has not occurred [and the Lock-in Redemption Condition has 
not been satisfied in respect of [a][the] [ST Redemption Valuation Date][ST 
Redemption Valuation Period]]: 
[Max [Floor Percentage; FR Value]][select and insert the Final Payout Formula 
from any one of "Redemption (i)" to "Redemption (v) – Multiplier" (inclusive); 
for the avoidance of doubt the selected Final Payout Formula for this paragraph 
(C) may be different from the Final Payout Formula for paragraph (A) or (B)].

--- Page 144 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
 
- 129 - 
 
 
3. 
Automatic Early Redemption Amounts 
If Automatic Early Redemption is specified as applicable in the Issue Terms and an Automatic 
Early Redemption Event occurs, then: 
For insertion into Paragraph 31(iii) (Automatic Early Redemption Payout): 
(i) 
If ST Automatic Early Redemption is specified in the Issue Terms, then any of the two 
following formula shall be inserted and completed in Automatic Early Redemption 
Amount: 
(A) 
Calculation Amount ∗ሺAER Percentage ൅AER Additional Rateሻ 
(B) 
 
(i) 
If no Knock-in Event has occurred: 
[Constant Percentage 1]; or 
(ii) 
If a Knock-in Event has occurred: 
[Min [Constant Percentage 2; Leverage * FR Value] 
(ii) 
If Target Automatic Early Redemption is specified in the Issue Terms, the following 
formula shall be inserted and completed in the Automatic Early Redemption Amount: 
Calculation Amount ∗ሺ100% ൅Final Interest Rateሻ; 
4. 
Entitlement Amounts for Physical Delivery 
For insertion into item 43(i) of the Issue Terms (Provisions applicable to Physical Delivery – 
Entitlement Amount): 
Calculation Amount/ሺConstant Percentage ∗Performing RI Strike Price ∗FXሻ 
The Entitlement Amount will be rounded down to the nearest unit of each Relevant Asset capable 
of being delivered (the "Equity Element") and in lieu thereof the Issuer will pay a residual amount 
(the "Residual Amount") equal to: 
ሺEntitlement Amount െEquity Elementሻ∗Physical Delivery Price ∗FX 
5. 
Definitions 
5.1 
General Definitions 
"Additional Leverage" means [specify percentage]. 
"AER Additional Rate" means, in respect of a [ST AER Valuation Date] or [ST AER Valuation 
Period], [the AER Rate][AER Rate DCF][AER Rate MT][AER Value]. 
"AER Rate" means [specify rate]. 
"AER Rate DCF" means a percentage calculated as the product of the AER Rate and the 
applicable Day Count Fraction. 
"AER Rate MT" means the product of (a) [specify rate] and (b) the number of [Interest 
Periods][ST Valuation Dates][Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Dates] from the Issue Date 
to [and including][but excluding] the [Interest Period in which the relevant Automatic Early 
Redemption Valuation Date falls][the date of the relevant Automatic Early Redemption Valuation 
Date]. 
"AER Percentage" means [specify percentage].

--- Page 145 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
 
- 130 - 
 
 
"AER Reference Item Rate" means [specify floating rate]. 
"AER Value" means in respect of a [ST Valuation Date][ST Valuation Period]and in respect of 
[each][of] Reference Item (k[=[specify]] to (k[=[specify]])] [specify value from Payout Condition 
5.2]. 
"Barrier Percentage Strike Price" means [specify percentage]. 
"Basket" means: (a) if the relevant Reference Items are Indices, the Basket of Indices (as defined 
in the Index Linked Conditions) as specified in the Issue Terms; (b) if the relevant Reference Items 
are Shares, the Basket of Shares (as defined in the Equity Linked Conditions) as specified in the 
Issue Terms; (c) if the relevant Reference Item are Inflation Indices, a basket composed of each 
Inflation Index specified in the Issue Terms (d) if the relevant Reference Item are Fund Shares, the 
Fund Basket (as defined in the Fund Linked Conditions) as specified in the Issue Terms; (e) if the 
relevant Reference Item are Subject Currencies, a basket composed of each Subject Currency 
specified in the Issue Terms; and (f) in the case of Reference Items which are Shares, ETFs and/or 
Indices, where applicable, a basket of Shares, ETFs and/or Indices, as specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms, in each case subject to Weightings. 
"Best Lock Value(i)" means, in respect of a [ST Valuation Date] [or ST Valuation Period], the 
highest RI Value on such [ST Valuation Date] [ST Valuation Period] of the Reference Item(s) in 
Himalaya Basket(i). 
"Best Replace Percentage" means [specify percentage]. 
"Bonus Percentage" means [specify percentage]. 
"Booster Percentage" means [specify percentage]. 
"Call Cap Percentage" means [specify percentage]. 
"Call Constant Percentage" means [specify percentage]. 
"Call Floor Percentage" means [specify percentage]. 
"Call Leverage" means [specify percentage]. 
"Call Rate" means: 
Constant Percentageሺiሻ൅Leverageሺiሻ
∗MaxሾCoupon ValueሺiሻെStrike Percentageሺiሻ
൅Spreadሺiሻ; Floor Percentageሺiሻሿ 
"Call Spread Rate" means: 
Constant Percentageሺiሻ൅Leverageሺiሻ
∗MinሾMaxሾCoupon ValueሺiሻെStrike Percentageሺiሻ
൅Spreadሺiሻ; Floor Percentageሺiሻሿ; Cap Percentageሺiሻሿ 
"Call Spread Percentage" means [specify percentage]. 
"Call Strike Percentage" means [specify percentage]. 
"Cap Percentage[1][2]" means [specify percentage]. 
"Cappuccino Barrier Value" means in respect of a Reference Item: 
(a) 
if in respect of a ST Valuation Date the Cappuccino Barrier Condition is satisfied, Cap 
Percentage(i); 
(b) 
otherwise, Coupon Barrier Value(i,k).

--- Page 146 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
 
- 131 - 
 
 
"Cliquet Digital Performance" means, in respect of a [ST Valuation Date][ST Valuation Period]: 
෍𝑀𝑎𝑥ൣ𝐹𝑙𝑜𝑜𝑟 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑐𝑒𝑛𝑡𝑎𝑔𝑒ሺ𝑖ሻ; 𝑀𝑖𝑛ሾ𝐶𝑎𝑝 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑐𝑒𝑛𝑡𝑎𝑔𝑒ሺ𝑖ሻ; 𝐶𝑜𝑢𝑝𝑜𝑛 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒ሺ𝑖ሻሿ൧
௧
௜ୀଵ
 
"Constant Percentage[1][2][3][4]" means [specify percentage]. 
"Coupon Airbag Percentage" means [specify percentage]. 
"Coupon Barrier[1][2][3][4]" means [specify amount or percentage or number]. 
"Coupon Barrier Value" means, in respect of a [Observation Date][ST Coupon Valuation 
Date][Coupon Valuation Date][ST Coupon Valuation Period], [and in respect of [each][of] 
Reference Item (k[=[specify]]) to (k[=[specify]])], [specify defined term from Payout Condition 
5.2]. (repeat as necessary) 
"Coupon Lock in" means: 
𝑇
𝑀𝑎𝑥
𝑡ൌ1
൥෍𝑀𝑎𝑥ൣ𝐹𝑙𝑜𝑜𝑟 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑐𝑒𝑛𝑡𝑎𝑔𝑒ሺ𝑖ሻ; 𝑀𝑖𝑛ሾ𝐶𝑎𝑝 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑐𝑒𝑛𝑡𝑎𝑔𝑒ሺ𝑖ሻ; 𝐶𝑜𝑢𝑝𝑜𝑛 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒ሺ𝑖ሻሿ൧
௧
௜ୀଵ
൩ 
"Coupon Value" means, in respect of a [ST Coupon Valuation Date][Coupon Valuation Date][ST 
Coupon Valuation Period] [and in respect of [each][of] Reference Item (k[=[specify]]) to 
(k[=[specify]])], [specify defined term from Payout Condition 5.2] [the Interest Amount payable in 
respect of each Note shall be an amount equal to [specify] and Condition 3(b)(ii) and 3(b)(v) shall 
be interpreted accordingly]. 
"Current Interest Period" means, in respect of an Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date, 
the Interest Period during which such Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date falls. 
"EDS" means Max [Floor Percentage; Min [Constant Percentage 3 – nEDS × Loss Percentage; 0]]. 
"EDS Barrier Percentage" means [specify percentage]. 
"Entitlement Value" means [the Reference Item][the Worst Value][the Best Value]. 
"Final Coupon Rate" means the Rate of Interest calculated in respect of the [Current Interest 
Period][Target Final Interest Period] (the "Final Interest Period") 
"Final Day Count Fraction" means the Day Count Fraction applicable to the Final Interest Period. 
"Final Interest Rate" means (insert one of the following)[specify][zero] 
(If capped and guaranteed:) [the AER Percentage][Target Coupon Percentage] less Paid Coupon 
Percentage.] 
(If not capped or guaranteed:) [the Final Coupon Rate multiplied by the Final Day Count Fraction.] 
(If capped only:) [Min [Final Coupon Rate * Final Day Count Fraction; AER Percentage or Target 
Coupon Percentage, as applicable, less Paid Coupon Percentage].] 
(If guaranteed only:) [Max [Final Coupon Rate * Final Day Count Fraction; AER Percentage or 
Target Coupon Percentage, as applicable, less Paid Coupon Percentage].] 
"Final Redemption Condition Level [1][2][3][4]" means [specify amount or percentage or 
number]. 
"Final Redemption Value" means, in respect of a [ST Valuation Date][ST Valuation Period] [and 
in respect of [each][of] Reference Item (k[=[specify]]) to (k[=[specify]])] [specify defined term 
from Payout Condition 5.2].

--- Page 147 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
 
- 132 - 
 
 
"Floor Lock in" means Constant Percentage [1] multiplied by the integer number resulting from 
the quotient of the Coupon Lock in and Constant Percentage [1]. 
"Floor Percentage [1][2]" means [specify percentage]. 
"Forward" means FR Value – Strike Percentage. 
"FR Additional Rate" means [FR Rate][FR MT up Rate][FR Rate DCF][FR Rate MT]. 
"FR Cap Percentage" means [specify percentage]. 
"FR Condition Level" means [specify percentage, amount or number]. 
"FR Constant Percentage" means [specify percentage]. 
"FR Floor Percentage" means [specify percentage]. 
"FR Leverage" means [specify percentage]. 
"FR MT up Rate" means: 
(a) 
(insert if cap is applicable) [Min [Max [FR Floor Percentage; FR Leverage * (FR Value - 
FR Strike Percentage) + FR Spread]; FR Cap Percentage] + FR Constant Percentage].] 
(b) 
(insert if cap is not applicable) [Max [FR Floor Percentage; FR Leverage * (FR Value - 
FR Strike Percentage) + FR Spread + FR Constant Percentage].] 
"FR Rate" means [specify rate]. 
"FR Rate DCF" means a percentage calculated as the product of the FR Rate and the applicable 
Day Count Fraction. 
"FR Rate MT" means the product of (a) [specify rate] and (b) the number of [Interest Periods][ST 
Valuation Dates] from and including the Issue Date to [and including][but excluding] the [Interest 
Period in which the relevant ST Valuation Date falls][date of the relevant ST Valuation Date]. 
"FR Spread" means [specify percentage]. 
"FR Strike Percentage" means [specify percentage]. 
"FR Value" means, in respect of a [ST FR Valuation Date] [ST FR Valuation Period][and in 
respect of [each][of] Reference Item (k[=[specify]]) to (k[=[specify]])], [specify defined term from 
Payout Condition 5.2]. 
"FX" is the relevant RI FX Level(i) on the relevant Valuation Date or if that is not a Business Day 
the immediately succeeding Business Day. 
"Himalaya Basket(i)" means, in respect of a ST Valuation Date(i), a Basket comprising each 
Reference Item in Himalaya Basket(i-1) but excluding the Reference Item in relation to Best Lock 
Value(i-1). 
"K" means [specify number], being the total number of Reference Items in the Basket. 
"Knock-in Value" in respect of a [ST Valuation Date] [ST Valuation Period] [and in respect of 
[each][of] Reference Item (k[=[specify]]) to (k[=[specify]])], [specify defined term from Payout 
Condition 5.2]. 
"Knock-out Value" in respect of a [ST Valuation Date] [ST Valuation Period] [and in respect of 
[each][of] Reference Item (k[=[specify]]) to (k[=[specify]])], [specify defined term from Payout 
Condition 5.2]. 
"Lever Down" means [specify percentage].

--- Page 148 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
 
- 133 - 
 
 
"Leverage" means [specify percentage]. 
"Lever Up [1][2]" means [specify percentage]. 
"Local Floor Percentage" means [specify percentage]. 
"Lock-in Coupon Level" means [specify level, amount, number or percentage]. 
"Lock-in Coupon Value" means, in respect of a [ST Coupon Valuation Date][Coupon Valuation 
Date][ST Coupon Valuation Period][and in respect of [each][of] Reference Item (k[=[specify]]) to 
(k[=[specify]])], [specify defined term from Payout Condition 5.2]. 
"Lock-in Redemption Level" means [specify level, amount, number or percentage]. 
"Lock-in Redemption Value" means, in respect of a [ST Redemption Valuation Date][ST 
Redemption Valuation Period][and in respect of [each][of] Reference Item (k[=[specify]]) to 
(k[=[specify]])], [specify defined term from Payout Condition 5.2]. 
"Loss Percentage" means [specify percentage]. 
"M" means a series of ST Valuation Dates or ST Valuation Periods. 
"Max" followed by a series of amounts inside brackets, means whichever is the greater of the 
amounts separated by a semi-colon inside those brackets. 
"Min" followed by a series of amounts inside brackets, means whichever is the lesser of the 
amounts separated by a semi-colon inside those brackets. 
"Min Coupon" means [specify percentage]. 
"Modified Value(i,k)" means: 
(a) 
if the Coupon Value(i,k) is one of the nfixed greatest value in the basket of the Reference 
Items, the Best Replace Percentage; and 
(b) 
otherwise, Coupon Value(i,k). 
"Multiplier Level" means [specify percentage]. 
"Multiplier Number" shall be the number of times that the Multiplier Condition is satisfied. 
"Multiplier Value" means, in respect of a ST Valuation Date or ST Valuation Period, [specify 
defined term from Payout Condition 5.2]. 
"n" means: 
(a) 
in respect of "Rate of Interest (xiv)" "Mozart", in respect of a ST Coupon Valuation Date, 
the number calculated as the number of ST Coupon Valuation Dates (in the period from 
the Issue Date to and including such ST Coupon Valuation Date) on which the Barrier 
Count Condition is satisfied; and 
(b) 
in respect of "Rate of Interest (x)" "Range Accrual", in respect of a ST Coupon Valuation 
Date, the number of Range Accrual Days in the relevant Range Period on which the 
[Range Accrual Coupon Condition][Range Accrual Countdown Condition] is satisfied. 
"N" means: 
(a) 
in respect of "Rate of Interest (xv)" "Mozart Variable", [specify number] being the 
maximum number of times that the Barrier Count Condition may be satisfied from [and 
including] the Issue Date to [but excluding] the Maturity Date; and 
(b) 
in respect of "Rate of Interest (x)" "Range Accrual", for each ST Coupon Valuation Date, 
the total number of Range Accrual Days in the relevant Range Period.

--- Page 149 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
 
- 134 - 
 
 
"nEDS" means the number of Reference Items in the Basket in respect of which the FR Value is 
[less than or equal to][less than] EDS Barrier Percentage. 
"nfixed" means [specify number]. 
"Option" means [Put][Put Spread][EDS][Forward]. 
"Paid Coupon Percentage" means, in respect of an Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date 
or Target Determination Date, the sum of the values calculated for each Interest Period as the 
product of (i) the Rate of Interest and (ii) the Day Count Fraction, in each case for such Interest 
Period preceding the Current Interest Period (in the case of an Automatic Early Redemption 
Valuation Date) or the Target Final Interest Period (in the case of a Target Determination Date). 
"Physical Delivery Price" means, in respect of a ST Valuation Date, the RI Closing Value in 
respect of the Reference Item with the Entitlement Value on such ST Valuation Date. 
"Previous Interest" means, in respect of a ST Coupon Valuation Date or a Coupon Valuation 
Date, the Rate of Interest determined on the ST Coupon Valuation Date immediately preceding 
such ST Coupon Valuation Date or Coupon Valuation Date or, in respect of the first ST Coupon 
Valuation Date or Coupon Valuation Date, zero. 
"Put" means Max [Strike Percentage – FR Value; 0]. 
"Put Cap Percentage" means [specify percentage]. 
"Put Constant Percentage" means [specify percentage]. 
"Put Floor Percentage" means [specify percentage]. 
"Put Leverage" means [specify percentage]. 
"Put Spread" means Min [Max [Strike Percentage – FR Value; 0]; Cap Percentage]. 
"Put Strike Percentage" means [specify percentage]. 
"RA Barrier [1][2][3][4]" means in respect of a Reference Item, [specify percentage]. 
"RA Barrier Value" means, [specify value from Payout Condition 5.2][in respect of an ST Coupon 
Valuation Date and a Reference Item, the [specify defined term from Payout Condition 5.2][the 
Reference Spread].] 
"Ranking" means, in respect of a ST Valuation Date, the ordinal positioning of each Reference 
Item by RI Value from lowest RI Value to greatest RI Value in respect of such ST Valuation Date. 
"Rate [A][B][C]" means, in respect of a [ST Coupon Valuation Date][ST Coupon Valuation 
Period], [specify fixed rate][specify floating rate determined on the basis set out in item 19 of the 
Issue Terms][the Call Rate][the Call Spread Rate][Inflation Rate]. 
"Rate(n)" (from n=1 to n=N) means: 
(a) 
in respect of "Rate of Interest (xv)" – "Mozart Variable" on any ST Coupon Valuation 
Date, the rate specified in the Issue Terms and associated with the number of times that 
Barrier Count Condition is satisfied on the relevant ST Coupon Valuation Date; and 
(b) 
in respect of "Rate of Interest (xxviii)" – "Podium" on any ST Coupon Valuation Date, the 
rate specified in the Issue Terms and associated with the number of Reference Items in the 
Basket for which the Podium Condition is satisfied on the relevant ST Coupon Valuation 
Date. 
"Reference Item [1][2]….[N]" the asset or reference basis specified as such in the applicable Issue 
Terms.

--- Page 150 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
 
- 135 - 
 
 
"Reference Item Rate" means, in respect of a ST Valuation Date, a ST Coupon Valuation Date or 
a ST Coupon Valuation Period, the relevant Rate of Interest determined pursuant to General 
Condition 3(b) and on the basis of item 26 of the Issue Terms. For this purpose, references in 
Condition 3(b) to the applicable Rate of Interest being determined for each Interest Period shall be 
construed to be to such Rate of Interest being determined for the applicable ST Valuation Date, ST 
Coupon Valuation Date or, as the case may be, ST Coupon Valuation Period. The notification 
requirements set out in Condition 3(b)(xii) shall not apply where the Rate of Interest is a Reference 
Item Rate only. 
"Reference Spread [1][2]" means Reference Item Rate [1][2] minus Reference Item Rate [1][2]. 
(NB Complete Reference Item Rates 1 and 2 to reflect Screen Rate Determination or ISDA 
Determination for relevant CMS Rates. Repeat for further Reference Spread(s) as necessary) 
"RI Weighting" means, in respect of a Reference Item, [specify number, amount or percentage]. 
"Spread" means [specify percentage]. 
"Strike Percentage [1][2]" means [specify percentage]. 
"Sum Rate" means, in respect of each ST Coupon Valuation Date, the sum of all previous Rates 
for each ST Coupon Valuation Date since (but not including) the last occurring date on which the 
relevant Barrier Count Condition was satisfied (or if none the Issue Date). 
"Sum Rate(n)" means the sum of each Rate(n) determined by the Calculation Agent on the last 
ST Coupon Valuation Date. 
"T" means [specify number], being the total number of ST Coupon Valuation Dates from and 
including the Issue Date to but excluding the Maturity Date as specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Target Coupon Percentage" means [specify percentage]. 
"Total M" means: [specify number] being the total number of [ST Valuation Dates][ST Valuation 
Periods] for the Notes. 
"Weighting" means [specify in relation to each Reference Item comprising the Basket]. 
5.2 
Value Definitions 
"Accumulated Coupon" means, in respect of a ST Valuation Date, the sum of the values 
calculated for each Interest Period including the Current Interest Period as [the product of (i)][each 
Rate of Interest [and (ii) the Day Count Fraction]], in each case for such Interest Period. 
"Average Basket Value" means, in respect of a ST Valuation Period, the arithmetic average of the 
Basket Values on each ST Valuation Date in such ST Valuation Period. 
"Average Best Value" means, in respect of a ST Valuation Period, the arithmetic average of the 
Best Values on each ST Valuation Date in such ST Valuation Period. 
"Average Rainbow Value" means, in respect of a ST Valuation Period, the arithmetic average of 
the Rainbow Values on each ST Valuation Date in such ST Valuation Period. 
"Average RI Value" means, in respect of a Reference Item and a ST Valuation Period, the 
arithmetic average of the RI Values for such Reference Item on each ST Valuation Date in such 
ST Valuation Period. 
"Average Worst Value" means, in respect of a ST Valuation Period, the arithmetic average of the 
Worst Values on each ST Valuation Date in such ST Valuation Period. 
"Barrier Initial Price" means a price equal to the product of (x) the RI Closing Value for a 
Reference Item on the Strike Date and (y) the Barrier Percentage Strike Price.

--- Page 151 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
 
- 136 - 
 
 
"Barrier Initial Maximum Price" means a price equal to the product of (x) the greatest RI Closing 
Value for a Reference Item on any Strike Day in the Strike Period and (y) the Barrier Percentage 
Strike Price. 
"Barrier Initial Minimum Price" means an amount equal to the product of (x) the lowest RI 
Closing Value for such Reference Item on any Strike Day in the Strike Period and (y) the Barrier 
Percentage Strike Price. 
"Barrier Initial Average Price" means an amount equal to the product of (x) the arithmetic 
average of the RI Closing Values for a Reference Item on each Strike Day in the Strike Period and 
(y) the Barrier Percentage Strike Price. 
"Basket Performance" means in respect of an ST Valuation Date, (a) the Basket Value in respect 
of such day minus (b) 100% 
"Basket Value" means, in respect of a ST Valuation Date, the sum of the values calculated for 
each Reference Item in the Basket as (a) the RI Value for such Reference Item in respect of such 
ST Valuation Date multiplied by (b) the relevant RI Weighting. 
"Basket Intraday Value" means, in respect of a ST Valuation Date [and any time at which a value 
for all the Reference Items in the Basket is calculated], the sum of the values calculated for each 
Reference Item in the Basket at such time as (a) the RI Intraday Value for such Reference Item is 
calculated in respect of such ST Valuation Date multiplied by (b) the relevant RI Weighting. 
"Best Intraday Value" means, in respect of a ST Valuation Date, the RI Intraday Value for the 
Reference Item(s) with the highest or equal highest RI Intraday Value for any Reference Item in 
the Basket in respect of such ST Valuation Date. 
"Best Value" means, in respect of a ST Valuation Date, the RI Value for the Reference Item(s) 
with the highest or equal highest RI Value for any Reference Item in the Basket in respect of such 
ST Valuation Date. 
"FX Average Level" means the arithmetic average of the RI FX Levels for a Reference Item on 
each Strike Day in the Strike Period. 
"FX Closing Level" means the RI FX Level for a Reference Item on the Strike Date. 
"FX Maximum Level" means the greatest RI FX Level for a Reference Item on any Strike Day in 
the Strike Period. 
"FX Minimum Level" means the lowest RI FX Level for a Reference Item on any Strike Day in 
the Strike Period. 
"FX Value" means, in respect of a Reference Item and any day either: (i) the RI FX Level for such 
day divided by the RI FX Strike Level or (ii) the RI FX Strike Level divided by the RI FX Level 
for such day, as specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Highest Basket Value" means, in respect of a ST Valuation Period, the highest or equal highest 
Basket Value on any ST Valuation Date in such ST Valuation Period. 
"Highest Best Intraday Value" means, in respect of a ST Valuation Period, the highest or equal 
highest Best Intraday Value on any ST Valuation Date in such ST Valuation Period. 
"Highest Best Value" means, in respect of a ST Valuation Period, the highest or equal highest 
Best Value on any ST Valuation Date in such ST Valuation Period. 
"Highest Rainbow Value" means, in respect of a ST Valuation Period, the highest or equal highest 
Rainbow Value on any ST Valuation Date in such ST Valuation Period. 
"Highest RI Intraday Value" means, in respect of a Reference Item and a ST Valuation Period, 
the highest or equal highest RI Intraday Value for such Reference Item on any ST Valuation Date 
in such ST Valuation Period.

--- Page 152 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
 
- 137 - 
 
 
"Highest RI Value" means, in respect of a Reference Item and a ST Valuation Period, the highest 
or equal highest RI Value for such Reference Item on any ST Valuation Date in such ST Valuation 
Period. 
"Highest Worst Value" means, in respect of a ST Valuation Period, the highest or equal highest 
Worst Value on any ST Valuation Date in such ST Valuation Period. 
"Inflation Rate" means, in respect of a [ST Valuation Date][ST Valuation Period][specify defined 
term from Payout Condition 5.2 for a Reference Item which is an Inflation Index]. 
"Initial Average Price" means for a Reference Item, the arithmetic average of the RI Closing 
Value for a Reference Item on each Strike Day in the Strike Period. 
"Initial Closing Price" means the RI Closing Value of a Reference Item on the Strike Date or the 
Initial Calculation Date. 
"Initial Maximum Price" means the highest RI Closing Value for a Reference Item on any Strike 
Day in the Strike Period. 
"Initial Minimum Price" means the lowest RI Closing Value for a Reference Item on any Strike 
Day in the Strike Period. 
"Intraday Level" means, in respect of an Index and subject to the Index Linked Conditions, an 
amount equal to the level (which shall be deemed to be an amount in the currency of the Index) of 
such Index as determined by the Calculation Agent at any relevant time during the regular trading 
session hours of the relevant Exchanges, without regard to after hours or any other trading outside 
of the regular trading session hours, on the relevant ST Valuation Date [multiplied by the FX 
Value] 
"Intraday Price" means, in respect of (i) a Share or a Fund Share and subject to the Equity Linked 
Conditions or the Fund Linked Conditions, as applicable, an amount equal to the price of such 
Share or Fund Share quoted on the relevant Exchange as determined by the Calculation Agent at 
any relevant time during the regular trading session hours of the relevant Exchange, without regard 
to after hours or any other trading outside of the regular trading session hours, on the relevant ST 
Valuation Date [multiplied by the FX Value]; and (ii) a Subject Currency and subject to the Foreign 
Exchange (FX) Rate Conditions, a rate determined by reference to the definition of Settlement 
Price in the Foreign Exchange (FX) Conditions by the Calculation Agent and for such purpose the 
applicable Valuation Time shall be any relevant time on the relevant ST Valuation Date. 
"Inverse Performance" means, in respect of a Reference Item and a ST Valuation Date, (a) the 
RI Inverse Value in respect of such day minus (b) 100% [and multiplied by (c) the FX Value]. 
"Lowest Basket Value" means, in respect of a ST Valuation Period, the lowest or equal lowest 
Basket Value on any ST Valuation Date in such ST Valuation Period. 
"Lowest Best Value" means, in respect of a ST Valuation Period, the lowest or equal lowest Best 
Value on any ST Valuation Date in such ST Valuation Period. 
"Lowest Rainbow Value" means, in respect of a ST Valuation Period, the lowest or equal lowest 
Rainbow Value on any ST Valuation Date in such ST Valuation Period. 
"Lowest RI Intraday Value" means, in respect of a Reference Item and a ST Valuation Period, 
the lowest or equal lowest RI Intraday Value for such Reference Item on any ST Valuation Date 
in such ST Valuation Period. 
"Lowest RI Value" means, in respect of a Reference Item and a ST Valuation Period, the lowest 
or equal lowest RI Value for such Reference Item for all the ST Valuation Dates in such ST 
Valuation Period. 
"Lowest Worst Intraday Value" means, in respect of a ST Valuation Period, the lowest Worst 
Intraday Value on any ST Valuation Date in such ST Valuation Period.

--- Page 153 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
 
- 138 - 
 
 
"Lowest Worst Value" means, in respect of a ST Valuation Period, the lowest or equal lowest 
Worst Value on any ST Valuation Date in such ST Valuation Period. 
"Performance" means, in respect of a Reference Item and a ST Valuation Date, (a) the RI Value 
for such Reference Item in respect of such day minus (b) 100% [, and multiplied by (c) the FX 
Value]. 
"Performance Difference" means in respect of a ST Valuation Date, the Performance for 
Reference Item (k[=[specify]]) in respect of such ST Valuation Date minus the Performance for 
Reference Item (k[=[specify]]) in respect of such ST Valuation Date. 
"Performing RI Strike Price" means, in respect of a ST Valuation Date, the RI Initial Value in 
respect of the Reference Item with the Entitlement Value on such ST Valuation Date. 
"Rainbow Value" means, in respect of a ST Valuation Date, the sum of the values calculated for 
each Reference Item in the Basket as (a) the Ranked Value for such Reference Item in respect of 
such ST Valuation Date multiplied by (b) the relevant RI Weighting. 
"Ranked Value" means, in respect of a ST Valuation Date, the RI Value in respect of the Reference 
Item with the [first][second][specify] Ranking in respect of such ST Valuation Date. 
"RI Composite Value" means, in respect of a Reference Item and a ST Valuation Date, the 
[highest or equal highest of][lowest or equal lowest of][arithmetic average of] the RI Average 
Values in respect of such ST Valuation Date. 
"Restrike Performance" means, in respect of a Reference Item and a ST Valuation Date (a) (i) 
the RI Closing Value for such Reference Item in respect of such day divided by (ii) the RI Closing 
Value for such Reference Item in respect of the immediately preceding ST Valuation Date or if 
none, the Strike Date (b) less 100%[, and multiplied by (c) the FX Value]. 
"RI Average Value" means, in respect of a Reference Item and a ST Valuation Date, the arithmetic 
average of [(a)] the RI Closing Value for such Reference Item in respect of each [set of] Averaging 
Date[s] specified in relation to such ST Valuation Date [multiplied by (b) the FX Value]. 
"RI Closing Value" means, in respect of a Reference Item and a Valuation Date, ST Valuation 
Date, ST Coupon Valuation Date, Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date, Valuation Date 
or a Coupon Valuation Date: 
(a) 
if the relevant Reference Item is an Index, the Settlement Level (as defined in the Index 
Linked Conditions); 
(b) 
if the relevant Reference Item is a Share, the Settlement Price (as defined in the Equity 
Linked Conditions); 
(c) 
if the relevant Reference Item is an Inflation Index, the Relevant Level (as defined in the 
Inflation Linked Conditions); 
(d) 
if the relevant Reference Item is an Exchange Traded Fund Share, the Settlement Price (as 
defined in the Fund Linked Conditions); 
(e) 
if the relevant Reference Item is a Fund, the NAV per Fund Share (as defined in the Fund 
Linked Conditions); 
(f) 
if the relevant Reference Item is a Subject Currency, the Settlement Price (as defined in 
the Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Conditions); 
(g) 
if the relevant Reference Item is a rate of interest, the Reference Item Rate; and 
(h) 
if the relevant Reference Item is a Reference Spread, the Reference Spread, 
in each case on such ST Valuation Date, ST Coupon Valuation Date, Automatic Early Redemption 
Valuation Date, Valuation Date or Coupon Valuation Date.

--- Page 154 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
 
- 139 - 
 
 
"RI FX Level" means, for the purpose of converting an amount in respect of a Reference Item into 
the Specified Notes Currency on [specify date(s)] [(insert relevant rate source and, if applicable, 
observation time) (or any successor to such page or service) or if it is not reasonably practicable to 
determine the RI FX Level from such source, the RI FX Level will be determined by the 
Calculation Agent as [the rate it determines would have prevailed but for such impracticability by 
reference to such source(s) as it deems appropriate] [the rate at which the Calculation Agent 
determines the relevant Reference Item amount could be converted into the Specified Notes 
Currency (expressed as the Calculation Agent determines appropriate) at or about the time and by 
reference to such source(s) as the Calculation Agent deems appropriate].] 
"RI FX Rate" means (i) the RI FX Level, (ii) the FX Value or (iii) the number, as specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms. 
"RI FX Strike Level" means, in respect of a Reference Item, [specify rate][FX Closing Level][FX 
Maximum Level][FX Minimum Level][FX Average Level]. 
"RI Growing Average Value" means, in respect of a Reference Item and a ST Valuation Date, 
the arithmetic average of [(a)][i)] the RI Closing Value for such Reference Item in respect of each 
Averaging Date[s] specified in relation to such ST Valuation Date on which the RI Closing Value 
is [equal to or][higher than] the RI Closing Value in respect of the immediately preceding 
Averaging Date or if none, the RI Initial Value, divided by [ii] the relevant RI Initial Value 
[multiplied by (b) the FX Value]. 
"RI Initial Value" means, in respect of a Reference Item, [specify price] [Initial Closing Price] 
[Initial Maximum Price] [Initial Minimum Price][Initial Average Price] [Barrier Initial Price] 
[Barrier Initial Maximum Price] [Barrier Initial Minimum Price] [Barrier Initial Average Price]. 
"RI Intraday Level" means: 
(a) 
if the relevant Reference Item is an Index, the Intraday Level; or 
(b) 
if the relevant Reference Item is a Share or a Fund Share, the Intraday Price; or 
(c) 
if the relevant Reference Item is a Subject Currency, the Intraday Price. 
"RI Intraday Value" means, in respect of a Reference Item and a ST Valuation Date, [(a)] (i) the 
RI Intraday Level for such Reference Item in respect of such ST Valuation Date (ii) divided by the 
relevant RI Initial Value [multiplied by (b) FX Value]. 
"RI Inverse Value" means, in respect of a Reference Item and a ST Valuation Date, [(a)] (i) the 
RI Initial Value divided by (ii) the [RI Closing Value][RI Average Value] for such Reference Item 
in respect of such ST Valuation Date [multiplied by (b) the FX Value]. 
"RI Restrike Value" means, in respect of a Reference Item and a ST Valuation Date (a) the RI 
Closing Value for such Reference Item in respect of such ST Valuation Date divided by (b) the RI 
Closing Value for such Reference Item in respect of the immediately preceding ST Valuation Date 
or if none, the Strike Date. 
"RI Value" means, in respect of a Reference Item and a ST Valuation Date, [(a)] (i) the [RI Closing 
Value][RI Average Value] for such Reference Item in respect of such ST Valuation Date, divided 
by (ii) the relevant RI Initial Value [multiplied by (b) the FX Value]. 
"RI Value Difference" means, in respect of a ST Valuation Date, the RI Value for Reference Item 
(k[=[specify]]) in respect of such ST Valuation Date minus the RI Value for Reference Item 
(k[=[specify]]) in respect of such ST Valuation Date. 
"Worst Intraday Value" means, in respect of a ST Valuation Date, the RI Intraday Value for the 
Reference Item(s) with the lowest or equal lowest RI Intraday Value for any Reference Item in the 
Basket in respect of such ST Valuation Date.

--- Page 155 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
 
- 140 - 
 
 
"Worst Inverse Value" means, in respect of ST Valuation Date, the RI Inverse Value for the 
Reference Item(s) with the lowest or equal lowest RI Inverse Value for any Reference Item in the 
Basket in respect of such ST Valuation Date. 
"Worst Value" means, in respect of a ST Valuation Date, the RI Value for the Reference Item(s) 
with the lowest or equal lowest RI Value for any Reference Item in the Basket in respect of such 
ST Valuation Date. 
5.3 
Dates and Periods 
Payments of interest and principal on the Notes may be associated with ST Valuation Dates and/or 
ST Valuation Periods, as the case may be, as specified in the Issue Terms. For the avoidance of 
doubt, several sets of dates may be used for the determination and calculation of a particular payout. 
"Calculation Date" means [specify]. 
"Coupon Valuation Date" shall be the relevant date specified as such in the Issue Terms, as may 
be adjusted in accordance with the definition of "Valuation Date". 
"Final Calculation Date" means [specify]. 
"Initial Calculation Date" means [specify]. 
"Range Accrual Cut-Off Date" means [in respect of [each][a] Reference Item [(k)] and] [in 
respect of any [Range Period] [specify other period] [the][each] date specified as such in the Issue 
Terms.] or, otherwise, the date falling [specify number] [calendar days] [Business Days] 
[Scheduled Trading Days (as defined in the [specify] Conditions] [specify other] before the [Range 
Period End Date] [specify other]. 
"Range Accrual Day" means [an Exchange Business Day][a Scheduled Trading Day][a Business 
Day][an Interest Determination Date][a calendar day][an Observation Day][specify]. 
"Range Period" means [specify period][each][the][Interest Period] [(and the final date of each 
such period, the "Range Period End Date")]. 
"Redemption Valuation Date" shall be the relevant date specified as such in the applicable Issue 
Terms, as may be adjusted in accordance with the definition of "Valuation Date". 
"ST Coupon Valuation Date(s)" means [a] [an] [each] [Averaging Date][Strike Date][Interest 
Determination Date][Interest Period End Date][Determination Date][Knock-in Determination 
Day][Knock-out Determination Day][Settlement Level Date][Settlement Price Date][Valuation 
Date][Range Accrual Day] [and] [Range Period Cut-Off Date]. 
"ST Coupon Valuation Period" means [the period from and including [specify] to and 
[including][excluding][the immediately following] [specify]][each][the][Interest Period][Range 
Period]. 
"ST ER Valuation Date" means each [Averaging Date][Settlement Level Date][Settlement Price 
Date][Determination 
Date][Calculation 
Date][Automatic 
Early 
Redemption 
Valuation 
Date][Knock-in Determination Date][Knock-out Determination Date]. 
"ST ER Valuation Period" means the period from and including [specify] to and including 
[specify]. 
"ST FR Valuation Date" means [a] [an] [each] [Averaging Date][Settlement Level 
Date][Settlement 
Price 
Date][Determination 
Date][Calculation 
Date][Automatic 
Early 
Redemption Valuation Date][Knock-in Determination Day][Knock-out Determination Day]. 
"ST FR Valuation Period" means the period from and including [specify] to and including 
[specify].

--- Page 156 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
 
- 141 - 
 
 
"ST Redemption Valuation Date" means [a] [an] [each] [the] [Averaging Date][Settlement Level 
Date][Settlement 
Price 
Date][Determination 
Date][Calculation 
Date][Automatic 
Early 
Redemption Valuation Date][Knock-in Determination Day][Knock-out Determination Day]. 
"ST Redemption Valuation Period" means the period from and including [specify] to and 
including [specify]. 
"ST Valuation Date" means [the] [each] [Coupon Valuation Date][Strike Date][Redemption 
Valuation Date][ST Coupon Valuation Date][ST ER Valuation Date][ST FR Valuation Date][ST 
Redemption Valuation Date][Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date][Knock-in 
Determination Day][Knock-out Determination Day][Range Accrual Day][Settlement Level 
Date][Settlement Price Date][Scheduled Trading Day][Calculation Date][Initial Calculation 
Date][Final Calculation Date]. 
"ST Valuation Period" means each [ST Coupon Valuation Period][ST ER Valuation Period][ST 
FR Valuation Period][ST Redemption Valuation Period][Automatic Early Redemption Valuation 
Period][Knock-in Determination Period][Knock-out Determination Period]. 
"Target Determination Date" means [specify date(s)]. 
"Target Final Interest Period" means the Interest Period ending on but excluding the Maturity 
Date. 
5.4 
Conditional Conditions 
If one or more conditions defined below are applicable for the determination and calculation of a 
payout formula(e), the definition shall be inserted, completed and adjusted in the Issue Terms in 
order to take into account any value definitions in Payout Condition 5.2, relevant Date(s) and or 
Periods, and/or other Variable Data. 
"Barrier Count Condition" shall be satisfied if, in respect of a [ST Coupon Valuation Date] [ST 
Coupon Valuation Period], the Coupon Barrier Value [for] [each] [any] [Observation Date] [in 
respect of] [the relevant] [on such] [ST Coupon Valuation Date] [ST Coupon Valuation Period], 
as determined by the Calculation Agent, is [greater than][less than][equal to or greater than][less 
than or equal to] the Coupon Barrier. 
"Cappuccino Barrier Condition" means, in respect of [the] [the Reference Item] [and] a [ST 
Coupon Valuation Date], that the Coupon Barrier Value [for] [each] [any] [Observation Date] [in 
respect of] [the relevant] [on such] [ST Coupon Valuation Date], as determined by the Calculation 
Agent, is [greater than][less than][greater than or equal to][less than or equal to] the Coupon 
Barrier. 
"Coupon Barrier Condition [1]" means, in respect of [a ST Coupon Valuation Date][a Coupon 
Valuation Date][a ST Coupon Valuation Period], that the Coupon Barrier Value [for] [each][any] 
[Observation Date] [in respect of][the relevant] [on such] [ST Coupon Valuation Date][a Coupon 
Valuation Date][ST Coupon Valuation Period], as determined by the Calculation Agent, is [greater 
than][less than][greater than or equal to][less than or equal to] [the] Coupon Barrier [1][but is 
[greater than][less than][greater than or equal to][less than or equal to] Coupon Barrier [2]]. 
"Coupon Barrier Condition [2]" means, in respect of [a ST Valuation Coupon Date][a Coupon 
Valuation Date][a ST Coupon Valuation Period], that the Coupon Barrier Value [for] [each][any] 
[Observation Date] [in respect of][the relevant] [on such] [ST Coupon Valuation Date][a Coupon 
Valuation Date][ST Coupon Valuation Period], as determined by the Calculation Agent, is [greater 
than][less than][greater than or equal to][less than or equal to] the Coupon Barrier [1] [but is 
[greater than][less than][greater than or equal to][less than or equal to] Coupon Barrier [2]]. 
"Digital Coupon Condition [1]" means: 
(a) 
in respect of Reference Item [1], that the Coupon Barrier Value for [the] Reference Item 
[1] [for] [each] [any] [Observation Date] [in respect of] [the relevant] [on such] [ST 
Coupon Valuation Date] [ST Coupon Valuation Period] as determined by the Calculation 
Agent is [(i)] [greater than][less than][equal to or greater than][less than or equal to], [the]

--- Page 157 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
 
- 142 - 
 
 
Coupon Barrier 1 [and (ii) [greater than][less than][equal to or greater than][less than or 
equal to] Coupon Barrier 2](insert (ii) if a Coupon Barrier 2 is specified)[; and 
(b) 
in respect of Reference Item 2, that the Coupon Barrier Value for Reference Item 2 
[for][each][any] [Observation Date][in respect of][the relevant] [on such] [[ST Coupon 
Valuation Date][in the relevant][ST Coupon Valuation Period] as determined by the 
Calculation Agent is [(i)] [greater than][less than][equal to or greater than][less than or 
equal to] the Coupon Barrier [1] [and (ii) [greater than][less than][equal to or greater 
than][less than or equal to], Coupon Barrier [2]](insert (ii) if a Coupon Barrier [2] is 
specified)](insert (b) if Reference Item 2 is specified). 
"Digital Coupon Condition 2" means in respect of a [ST Coupon Valuation Date][ST Coupon 
Valuation Period]: 
(a) 
in respect of Reference Item [1], that the Coupon Barrier Value for Reference Item [1] 
[for] [each][any] [Observation Date][in respect of][the relevant][on such] [ST Coupon 
Valuation Date][and][ST Coupon Valuation Period][and [each][any] Observation Date for 
[the relevant][a] [ST Valuation Date][ST Coupon Valuation Period]] as determined by the 
Calculation Agent is [(i)] [greater than][less than][equal to or greater than][less than or 
equal to] Coupon Barrier [3] [and (ii) [greater than][less than][equal to or greater than][less 
than or equal to] Coupon Barrier [4]](insert (ii) if a Coupon Barrier [4] is specified)[; and 
(b) 
in respect of Reference Item 2, that the Coupon Barrier Value for Reference Item 2 
[for][each][any][Observation Date][in respect of] [the relevant] [on such][ST Coupon 
Valuation Date][ST Coupon Valuation Period] as determined by the Calculation Agent is 
[(i)] [greater than][less than][equal to or greater than][less than or equal to] the Coupon 
Barrier [3] [and (ii) [greater than][less than][equal to or greater than][less than or equal 
to], the Coupon Barrier [4]] (insert (ii) if a Coupon Barrier [4] is specified) (insert (b) if 
Reference Item 2 is specified). 
"Final Redemption Condition" means, in respect of a [ST Redemption Valuation Date][ST 
Redemption Valuation Period], that the Final Redemption Value [for] [each][any] [Observation 
Date][in respect of][the relevant][on such] [ST Redemption Valuation Date][ST Redemption 
Valuation Period], as determined by the Calculation Agent, is [greater than][less than][equal to or 
greater than][less than or equal to] the Final Redemption Condition Level. 
"Final Redemption Condition [1]" means, in respect of a [ST Redemption Valuation Date][ST 
Redemption Valuation Period], that the Final Redemption Value [for] [each][any] [Observation 
Date][in respect of][the relevant][on such] [ST Redemption Valuation Date] [ST Redemption 
Valuation Period], as determined by the Calculation Agent is [greater than][less than][equal to or 
greater than][less than or equal to] Final Redemption Condition Level 1. 
"Final Redemption Condition [2]" means, in respect of a [ST Redemption Valuation Date] [ST 
Redemption Valuation Period] that the Final Redemption Value [for] [each][any] [Observation 
Date] [in respect of] [the relevant] [on such] [ST Redemption Valuation Date] [in the relevant [ST 
Redemption Valuation Period], as determined by the Calculation Agent is [greater than][less 
than][equal to or greater than][less than or equal to] Final Redemption Condition Level [1][, but is 
[greater than][less than][equal to or greater than][less than or equal to] Final Redemption Condition 
Level 2.] 
"Lock-in Coupon Barrier Condition" means, in respect of the [ST Coupon Valuation Date][ST 
Coupon Valuation Period], the Lock-in Coupon Value [for] [each] [any] [Observation Date] [in 
respect of] [on such] [ST Coupon Valuation Date][ST Coupon Valuation Period], as determined 
by the Calculation Agent, is [greater than][less than][equal to or greater than][less than or equal 
to] the Lock-in Coupon Level. 
"Lock-in Redemption Condition" means, in respect of a [ST Redemption Valuation Date][ST 
Redemption Valuation Period], the Lock-in Redemption Value [for] [each][any][Observation 
Date] [in respect of] [the relevant] [on such] [ST Redemption Valuation Date][ST Redemption 
Valuation Period], as determined by the Calculation Agent, is [greater than][less than][equal to or 
greater than][less than or equal to] the Lock-in Redemption Level.

--- Page 158 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
 
- 143 - 
 
 
"Multiplier Condition" means, in respect of a [ST Valuation Date][ST Valuation Period], the 
Multiplier Value [for] [each][any][Observation Date] [in respect of] [the relevant] [on such] [ST 
Valuation Date] [ST Valuation Period], as determined by the Calculation Agent, is [greater 
than][less than][equal to or greater than][less than or equal to] the Multiplier Level. 
"Podium Condition" means, in respect of a Reference Item and a ST Coupon Valuation Date, the 
Coupon Value for such Reference Item on such ST Coupon Valuation Date, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent, is [greater than][less than][greater than or equal to][less than or equal to] the 
Coupon Barrier. 
"Range Accrual Countdown Condition" [subject as provided below,] will be deemed satisfied 
if, in respect of each Range Accrual Day in [the][relevant] Range Period [(n)][from and including 
[specify] to [and including][but excluding] [[specify] for [each] Reference Item (k[=[specify]]), the 
Coupon Barrier Value for such Reference Item in respect of each such Range Accrual Day is [(i)] 
[greater than][less than][equal to or greater than][equal to or less than] the relevant [Upper][Lower] 
Coupon Barrier [specify number][and (ii) [greater than][less than][equal to or greater than][equal 
to or less than] the relevant [Upper][Lower] Coupon Barrier [specify number](insert (ii) if a 
Coupon Barrier [specify number] is specified) [as specified in the table below]. 
(Replicate and complete the above definition multiple times as necessary or complete the below 
table) 
Range 
Period 
n 
From (and 
including) 
To (but 
excluding) 
Applicable 
Reference 
Item (k) 
[Lower] 
Coupon 
Barrier 
[Upper 
Coupon 
Barrier] 
[specify] 
[specify 
date][Interest 
Payment 
Date Falling 
in [specify]] 
[specify 
date][Interest 
Payment 
Date Falling 
in [specify]] 
[k=(n)] 
[specify] 
[specify][%] 
[specify)[%] 
(Repeat as 
necessary 
in each 
row.) 
(Repeat as 
necessary in 
each row.) 
(Repeat as 
necessary in 
each row.) 
(Repeat as 
necessary in 
each row.) 
(Repeat as 
necessary in 
each row.) 
(Repeat as 
necessary in 
each row.) 
 
Specific Provisions for Range Accrual Countdown Condition: 
[In respect of [each] Reference Item (k) and] a Range Accrual Day [(other than a Range Accrual 
Stub Day)] which is not a [Business Day [for such Reference Item [(k)]]][Scheduled Trading Day 
or is a Disrupted Day][specify] for such Reference Item [(k)], the Coupon Barrier Value for such 
Reference Item [(k)] on such day shall be the Coupon Barrier Value for such Reference Item [(k)] 
on the immediately preceding [Business Day[for such Reference Item [(k)]]][Scheduled Trading 
Day that was not a Disrupted Day][specify]. [The above provisions with regard to the consequences 
of a Disrupted Day or a day not being a Scheduled Trading Day will prevail over consequences 
provided for in any applicable Annex.] 
[In respect of [each] Reference Item (k) and the relevant Range Period, the Coupon Barrier Value 
in respect of such Reference Item [(k)] for each Range Accrual Day after the relevant Range 
Accrual Cut-Off Date to (and excluding) the Range Period End Date (each a "Range Accrual Stub 
Day") will be deemed to be the Coupon Barrier Value as of such Range Accrual Cut-off Date.] 
"Range Accrual Coupon Condition" [subject as provided below] will be deemed satisfied if: 
(a) 
in respect of Reference Item (k=1), that the Coupon Barrier Value for such Reference Item 
for the relevant Range Accrual Day [in the applicable Range Period [(n)]] is [(i)] [greater 
than][less than][equal to or greater than][less than or equal to] the relevant Coupon Barrier 
1 [and (ii) [greater than][less than][equal to or greater than][less than or equal to], the 
relevant Coupon Barrier 2](insert (ii) if a Coupon Barrier 2 is specified)[; and

--- Page 159 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
 
- 144 - 
 
 
(b) 
[in respect of Reference Item(k=n), that the Coupon Barrier Value for such Reference Item 
for the relevant Range Accrual Day [in the applicable Range Period [(n)][from and 
including [specify] to [and including][but excluding][[specify] [for [each] Reference Item 
(k[=[specify]])] is [(i)] [greater than][less than][equal to or greater than][less than or equal 
to] the relevant [Upper][Lower] Coupon Barrier [insert number] and [(ii) [greater 
than][less than][equal to or greater than][less than or equal to], the relevant [Upper][Lower] 
Coupon Barrier [insert number]](insert (ii) if a Coupon Barrier (insert number) is 
specified)) [as specified in the table below](insert this paragraph (b) if Reference 
Item(k=n) is specified). 
Range 
Period 
n 
From (and 
including) 
To (but 
excluding) 
Applicable 
Reference 
Item (k) 
[Lower] 
Coupon 
Barrier 
[Upper 
Coupon 
Barrier] 
[specify] 
[specify 
date][Interest 
Payment 
Date Falling 
in [specify]] 
[specify 
date)[Interest 
Payment 
Date Falling 
in [specify]] 
[k=(n)] 
[specify] 
[specify][%] 
[specify)[%] 
(Repeat 
as 
necessary 
in each 
row.) 
(Repeat as 
necessary in 
each row.) 
(Repeat as 
necessary in 
each row.) 
(Repeat as 
necessary 
in each 
row.) 
(Repeat as 
necessary 
in each 
row.) 
(Repeat as 
necessary 
in each 
row.) 
 
Specific Provisions for Range Accrual Coupon Condition: 
[In respect of [each] Reference Item (k) and] a Range Accrual Day [(other than a Range Accrual 
Stub Day)] which is not a [Business Day [for such Reference Item [(k)]]][Scheduled Trading Day 
which is not a Disrupted Day][specify] for such Reference Item [(k)], the Coupon Barrier Value 
for such Reference Item [(k)] on such day shall be the Coupon Barrier Value for such Reference 
Item [(k)] on the immediately preceding [Business Day [for such Reference Item [(k)]]][Scheduled 
Trading Day that was not a Disrupted Day][specify]. [The above provisions with regard to the 
consequences of a Disrupted Day or a day not being a Scheduled Trading Day will prevail over 
consequences provided for in any applicable Annex.] 
[In respect of [each] Reference Item (k) and the relevant Range Period, the Coupon Barrier Value 
in respect of such Reference Item [(k)] for each Range Accrual Day after the relevant Range 
Accrual Cut-off Date to (but excluding) the Range Period End Date (each a "Range Accrual Stub 
Day") will be deemed to be the Coupon Barrier Value as of such Range Accrual Cut-off Date.] 
(Repeat any of the above paragraphs where relevant in relation to each Reference Item) 
5.5 
Enumeration Convention 
Without prejudice to any other provision of these Payout Conditions and as a general rule the 
following suffixes in relation to the payout terms will be used. Other suffix terms may be selected 
and may be included in the Issue Terms with other definitions or provisions from the Payout 
Conditions: 
"i" [from i = [specify] to i = [specify]] or "m" [from m = [specify] to m = [specify]] in relation to 
the relevant ST Valuation Date or ST Valuation Period. 
"j" [from j = [specify] to j = [specify] means the relevant Strike Date. 
"k" [from k = [specify] to k = [specify]] means the relevant Reference Item. 
"q" [from q = [specify] to q = [specify] or "t" [from t = [specify] to t = [specify] means the relevant 
Observation Date or ST Valuation Date.

--- Page 160 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
 
- 145 - 
 
 
Any of these suffixes will be inserted, completed and explained, if necessary, in the Issue Terms 
and may be tabulated, especially where two or more suffixes apply. 
[each date specified as such below (set out relevant table): 
K 
ST Valuation Date 
[Set(s) of] Averaging Dates 
[specify] 
[insert date] 
Set n: [insert dates or 
describe dates. E.g. "The last 
[specify] Scheduled Trading 
Days of (month, year)] 
(Repeat as necessary for each 
set n) 
(Repeat as necessary in each 
row) 
(Repeat as necessary in each 
row.) 
(Repeat as necessary in each 
row.) 
] 
6. 
Settlement Exchange Rate Provisions 
If Settlement Exchange Rate Provisions are specified as applicable in the Issue Terms, then 
notwithstanding the Notes are denominated in, and calculations made in respect of, the Specified 
Notes Currency (the "SER Subject Currency"), as shall be specified in the Issue Terms either, (i) 
all payments or (ii) only those payments to which the Settlement Exchange Rate Provisions are 
specified to apply, in respect of the Notes shall be made in the Settlement Currency (the 
"Settlement Currency" or the "SER Base Currency"). 
The Calculation Agent will determine the amount to be paid in the SER Base Currency by applying 
the Settlement Exchange Rate to the amount that would have been payable in the SER Subject 
Currency were it not for the provisions of this Payout Condition 6. 
Any such payment shall be made on the date such payment would have otherwise been due 
provided that, if limb (b) of the definition of "Settlement Exchange Rate" below applies, such 
payment may be deferred in accordance with Payout Condition 6.1(e) below if the SER Valuation 
Date is postponed as set out herein. No additional interest or other amount shall be payable in 
respect of any such delay. 
6.1 
SER Valuation and Disruption Provisions 
The provisions of this Payout Condition 6.1 apply where Settlement Exchange Rate 
Provisions are specified as applicable in the Issue Terms and limb (b) of the definition of 
"Settlement Exchange Rate" below applies. 
(a) 
SER Disruption Events 
If so specified in the Issue Terms, the occurrence of any of the following events, in respect 
of any SER Base Currency and/or SER Subject Currency, shall be a "SER Disruption 
Event": 
(i) 
Price Source Disruption; 
(ii) 
Illiquidity Disruption; 
(iii) 
Dual Exchange Rate; 
(iv) 
General Inconvertibility; 
(v) 
General Non-Transferability; 
(vi) 
Material Change in Circumstance; 
(vii) 
Nationalisation;

--- Page 161 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
 
- 146 - 
 
 
(viii) 
Price Materiality; and/or 
any other event that, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, is analogous to any of (i) to 
(viii) above. 
The Calculation Agent shall give notice as soon as practicable to Noteholders in 
accordance with General Condition 12 of the occurrence of a SER Disrupted Day on any 
day that but for the occurrence of the SER Disrupted Day would have been a SER 
Valuation Date. 
(b) 
Consequences of a SER Disruption Event 
Upon a SER Disruption Event occurring or continuing on any SER Valuation Date (or, if 
different, the day on which prices for that date would, in the ordinary course, be published 
by the relevant SER Price Source) as determined by the Calculation Agent, the Calculation 
Agent shall apply in determining the consequences of the SER Disruption Event: (a) 
Calculation Agent Determination where the applicable SER Disruption Event is other than 
Price Source Disruption or Price Materiality; and (b) the applicable SER Disruption 
Fallback where the applicable SER Disruption Event is a Price Source Disruption or Price 
Materiality. 
(c) 
SER Unscheduled Holiday 
If the Calculation Agent determines that a date that would otherwise have been a SER 
Valuation Date is a SER Unscheduled Holiday in respect of the SER Subject Currency, 
then such date shall be the immediately succeeding SER Scheduled Trading Day after the 
occurrence of the SER Unscheduled Holiday, subject as provided above, and Provided 
that if such SER Valuation Date has not occurred on or before the SER Maximum Days 
of Postponement then the next SER Scheduled Trading Day after such period that would 
have been a SER Scheduled Trading Day but for the SER Unscheduled Holiday shall be 
deemed to be the relevant date for valuation and the Settlement Exchange Rate shall be 
determined by the Calculation Agent on such day in its sole discretion acting in good faith 
having taken into account relevant market practice and by reference to such additional 
source(s) as it deems appropriate. 
(d) 
SER Cumulative Events 
If "SER Cumulative Events" is specified as applicable in the Issue Terms in respect of a 
SER Settlement Currency then, in no event shall the total number of consecutive calendar 
days during which a SER Valuation Date is deferred due to either (i) a SER Unscheduled 
Holiday or (ii) a SER Valuation Postponement (or a combination of both (i) and (ii)) 
exceed the SER Maximum Cumulative Days of Postponement in the aggregate. If a SER 
Valuation Date is postponed by the number of calendar days equal to the SER Maximum 
Cumulative Days of Postponement and at the end of such period (i) a SER Unscheduled 
Holiday shall have occurred or be continuing on the day immediately following such 
period (the "Final Day"), then such Final Day shall be deemed to be the relevant SER 
Valuation Date and (ii) if a Price Source Disruption shall have occurred or be continuing 
on the Final Day, then Valuation Postponement shall not apply and the Settlement 
Exchange Rate shall be determined in accordance with the next applicable SER Disruption 
Fallback. 
(e) 
Postponement of payment or settlement days 
Where any SER Valuation Date is postponed as a consequence of the provisions of this 
Payout Condition 6.1, then the corresponding date for payment or delivery of any assets 
shall fall on the later of (a) the date for such payment or delivery otherwise determined in 
accordance with the Issue Terms and (b) the day falling the SER Number of Postponement 
Settlement Days specified in the Issue Terms (or, if none are so specified, two Business 
Days) after the SER Valuation Date.

--- Page 162 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
 
- 147 - 
 
 
6.2 
Consequences of a SER Additional Disruption Event 
Other than where limb (a) of the definition of "Settlement Exchange Rate" below applies, if the 
Calculation Agent determines that a SER Additional Disruption Event has occurred, the Issuer may 
redeem the Notes by giving notice to Noteholders in accordance with General Condition 12. If the 
Notes are so redeemed the Issuer will pay an amount to each Noteholder in respect of each Note 
held by him which amount shall be the fair market value of a Note, taking into account the SER 
Additional Disruption Event, less the cost to the Issuer and/or its Affiliates of unwinding any 
underlying related hedging arrangements all as determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole and 
absolute discretion. Payments will be made in such manner as shall be notified to the Noteholders 
in accordance with General Condition 12. 
6.3 
Definitions 
"Change in Law" means that, on or after the Trade Date (as specified in the Issue Terms) (A) due 
to the adoption of or any change in any applicable law or regulation (including, without limitation, 
any tax law), or (B) due to the promulgation of or any change in the interpretation by any court, 
tribunal or regulatory authority with competent jurisdiction of any applicable law or regulation 
(including any action taken by a taxing authority), the Issuer determines in its sole and absolute 
discretion that it is unable to perform its obligations in respect of the Notes or it has become illegal 
to hold, acquire or dispose of any relevant hedge positions in respect of the Notes. 
"Dual Exchange Rate" means that any of the SER Base Currency and/or SER Subject Currency 
splits into dual or multiple currency exchange rates. 
"General Inconvertibility" means the occurrence of any event that generally makes it impossible 
to convert a SER Subject Currency into the SER Base Currency in a SER Subject Currency 
Jurisdiction through customary legal channels. 
"General Non-Transferability" means the occurrence of any event that generally makes it 
impossible to deliver (A) the SER Base Currency from accounts inside a SER Subject Currency 
Jurisdiction to accounts outside a SER Subject Currency Jurisdiction or (B) the SER Subject 
Currency between accounts inside a SER Subject Currency Jurisdiction or to a party that is a non-
resident of a SER Subject Currency Jurisdiction. 
"Governmental Authority" means (i) any de facto or de jure government (or any agency, 
instrumentality, ministry or department thereof), court, tribunal, administrative or other 
governmental authority or (ii) any other entity (private or public) charged with the regulation of 
the financial markets (including the central bank), in each case in any relevant jurisdiction. 
"Hedging Disruption" means that the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates is unable, after using 
commercially reasonable efforts, to (A) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, 
unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge any relevant price 
risk of the Issuer issuing and performing its obligations with respect to the Notes, or (B) freely 
realise, recover, remit, receive, repatriate or transfer the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or 
asset(s). 
"Illiquidity Disruption" means the occurrence of any event in respect of any of the SER Base 
Currency and/or SER Subject Currency whereby it becomes impossible for the Calculation Agent 
to obtain a firm quote for such currency in an amount deemed necessary by the Calculation Agent 
to hedge its obligations under the Notes (in one or more transaction(s)) on the relevant SER 
Valuation Date (or, if different, the day on which rates for such SER Valuation Date would, in the 
ordinary course, be published or announced by the relevant SER Price Source). 
"Increased Cost of Hedging" means that the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates would incur a 
materially increased (as compared with circumstances existing on the Trade Date) amount of tax, 
duty, expense or fee (other than brokerage commissions) to (A) acquire, establish, re-establish, 
substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge 
the market risk (including, without limitation foreign exchange risk and interest rate risk) of the 
Issuer issuing and performing its obligations with respect to the Notes, or (B) realise, recover or 
remit the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s), provided that any such materially

--- Page 163 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
 
- 148 - 
 
 
increased amount that is incurred solely due to the deterioration of the creditworthiness of the 
Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates shall not be deemed an Increased Cost of Hedging. 
"Initial Settlement Exchange Rate" or "Initial SER" means the rate specified as such in the Issue 
Terms. 
"Material Change in Circumstance" means the occurrence of any event (other than those events 
specified as SER Disruption Events) in the SER Subject Currency Jurisdiction beyond the control 
of the parties to a hedging arrangement in respect of the Notes which makes it impossible (A) for 
a party to fulfil its obligations under the hedging arrangement or (B) generally to fulfil obligations 
similar to such party's obligations under that hedging arrangement. 
"Nationalisation" means any expropriation, confiscation, requisition, nationalisation or other 
action by any Governmental Authority which deprives a party to a hedging arrangement in respect 
of the Notes of all or substantially all of its assets in the SER Subject Currency Jurisdiction. 
"Price Materiality" means that, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, the SER Primary 
Rate differs from any SER Secondary Rate by at least the SER Price Materiality Percentage or if 
there are insufficient responses on the relevant SER Valuation Date to any survey used to calculate 
any such rate, then the SER Price Materiality Percentage will be deemed to be met. 
"Price Source Disruption" means that it becomes impossible to obtain the rate or rates from which 
the Settlement Exchange Rate is calculated. 
"Relevant Screen Page" means the relevant page specified as such in the Issue Terms or any 
successor to such page or service acceptable to the Calculation Agent. 
"Settlement Currency" or "SER Base Currency" means the currency specified as such in the 
Issue Terms. 
"Settlement Exchange Rate" means (a) the rate specified as such in the Issue Terms or (b) if no 
such rate is specified and, subject as referred to in Payout Condition 6.1 above, the rate of exchange 
appearing on the SER Price Source at the SER Valuation Time on the relevant SER Valuation Date 
for the exchange of the SER Subject Currency per one unit of the SER Base Currency for settlement 
on the SER Number of Settlement Days. 
"SER Additional Disruption Event" means any of Change in Law, Hedging Disruption or 
Increased Cost of Hedging, in each case if specified in the Issue Terms. 
"SER Disrupted Day" means any SER Scheduled Trading Day on which the Calculation Agent 
determines that a SER Disruption Event has occurred. 
"SER Disruption Fallback" means a source or method that may give rise to an alternative basis 
for determining the Settlement Exchange Rate when a SER Disruption Event occurs or exists on a 
day that is a SER Valuation Date (or, if different, the day on which prices for that date would, in 
the ordinary course, be published or announced by the SER Price Source) being, in respect of a 
SER Subject Currency, any of Calculation Agent Determination, First Fallback Reference Price, 
Second Fallback Reference Price and Valuation Postponement, as so specified in the Issue Terms 
for such SER Subject Currency. Where more than one SER Disruption Fallback is so specified 
then such SER Disruption Fallbacks shall apply in the order in which they are specified in the Issue 
Terms until the Settlement Exchange Rate can be determined for such exchange rate relating to 
that SER Settlement Currency for such SER Valuation Date. 
Where: 
"Calculation Agent Determination" means that the Calculation Agent shall determine the 
Settlement Exchange Rate taking into consideration all information that it deems relevant. 
"First Fallback Reference Price" means that the Calculation Agent shall determine the Settlement 
Exchange Rate by reference to the applicable First Fallback Reference Price and, for which 
purpose, references in the definition of Settlement Exchange Rate to "SER Price Source", "SER 
Valuation Time" and "SER Number of Settlement Days" shall be construed, respectively, to be to

--- Page 164 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
 
- 149 - 
 
 
"SER First Fallback Price Source", "SER First Fallback Valuation Time" and "SER First Fallback 
Number of Settlement Days" (in each case, where such terms shall have the meanings given to 
them in the Issue Terms). 
"Second Fallback Reference Price" means that the Calculation Agent shall determine the 
Settlement Exchange Rate by reference to the applicable Second Fallback Reference Price and, for 
which purpose, references in the definition of Settlement Exchange Rate to "SER Price Source", 
"SER Valuation Time" and "SER Number of Settlement Days" shall be construed, respectively, to 
be to "SER Second Fallback Price Source", "SER Second Fallback Valuation Time" and "SER 
Second Fallback Number of Settlement Days" (in each case, where such terms shall have the 
meanings given to them in the Issue Terms). 
"Valuation Postponement" means that the Settlement Exchange Rate shall be determined on the 
immediately succeeding SER Scheduled Trading Day which is not a SER Disrupted Day unless 
the Calculation Agent determines that no such SER Scheduled Trading Day which is not a SER 
Disrupted Day has occurred on or before the day falling the SER Maximum Days of Postponement 
following the originally designated SER Valuation Date, as the case may be. In such event, the 
Settlement Exchange Rate shall be determined on the next SER Scheduled Trading Day after the 
SER Maximum Days of Postponement (notwithstanding the fact that day may be a SER Disrupted 
Day) in accordance with the next applicable SER Disruption Fallback. 
"SER Maximum Cumulative Days of Postponement" means the number of days specified as 
such in the Issue Terms or, if no such number is specified, 30 calendar days. 
"SER Maximum Days of Postponement" means the number of days specified as such in the Issue 
Terms or, if no such number is specified, 30 calendar days. 
"SER Number of Settlement Days" means, in respect of a SER Subject Currency, the number of 
days on which commercial banks are open (or, but for the occurrence of a SER Disruption Event 
would have been open) for business (including dealings in foreign exchange in accordance with 
the market practice of the foreign exchange market) in the or each SER Settlement Day Centre 
specified as such in the Issue Terms (each, a "SER Settlement Day"). Where no such number or 
zero is so specified, then such rate shall be for settlement on the same day. 
"SER Price Materiality Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the Issue Terms 
or, if no such percentage is specified, 3% 
"SER Price Source" means the price source(s) specified as such in the Issue Terms (or any 
successor to such price source(s) as determined by the Calculation Agent). 
"SER Primary Rate" means the rate specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
"SER Secondary Rate" means the rate specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
"SER Scheduled Trading Day" means a day on which commercial banks are open (or, but for the 
occurrence of a SER Disruption Event would have been open) for business (including dealings in 
foreign exchange in accordance with the market practice of the foreign exchange market) in the or 
each SER Scheduled Trading Day Jurisdiction specified in the Issue Terms Provided that where 
the SER Subject Currency is BRL, then notwithstanding the foregoing, if the relevant SER 
Valuation Date falls on a date that, as the Trade Date, is not a scheduled day on which commercial 
banks are open (or, but for the occurrence of a Disruption Event would have been open) for 
business (including dealings in foreign exchange in accordance with the market practice of the 
foreign exchange market) in New York City (an "NYC Business Day"), then no adjustment to 
such date shall be made on account of the fact that such date is not an NYC Business Day. 
"SER Subject Currency" means the currency specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
"SER Subject Currency Jurisdiction" means each country for which the SER Subject Currency 
is the lawful currency. 
"SER Unscheduled Holiday" means a day that is not a SER Scheduled Trading Day and the 
market was not aware of such fact (by means of a public announcement or by reference to other

--- Page 165 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
 
- 150 - 
 
 
publicly available information) until a time later than 9:00a.m. local time in the principal financial 
centre of the SER Subject Currency two SER Scheduled Trading Days prior to the relevant 
scheduled SER Valuation Date. 
"SER Valuation Date" means any date specified as such in the Issue Terms or, if such day is not 
a SER Scheduled Trading Day, the immediately preceding SER Scheduled Trading Day and, in 
the event of a SER Unscheduled Holiday, subject to adjustment as set out in Payout Condition 
6.1(c) above, unless, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, the resultant day is a SER Disrupted 
Day, in which case the provisions of Payout Condition 6.1(b) shall apply. Where the amount so 
due is the Early Redemption Amount, then the SER Valuation Date shall be deemed to be the fifth 
SER Scheduled Trading Day prior to the date of early redemption of the Notes. 
"SER Valuation Time" means, unless otherwise specified in the Issue Terms, the time at which 
the SER Price Source publishes the relevant rate or rates from which the Settlement Exchange Rate 
is calculated.

--- Page 166 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INDEX LINKED NOTES 
 
- 151 - 
 
 
ANNEX 2 
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INDEX LINKED NOTES 
If specified as applicable in the Issue Terms, the terms and conditions applicable to Index Linked Notes 
shall comprise the General Conditions and the additional terms and conditions for Index Linked Notes set 
out below (the "Index Linked Conditions"), together with the terms and conditions as set out in each other 
Annex which is specified as applicable in the Issue Terms and subject to completion in the Issue Terms. In 
the event of any inconsistency between the General Conditions and the Index Linked Conditions, the Index 
Linked Conditions shall prevail. In the event of any inconsistency between the Index Linked Conditions and 
the Payout Conditions, the Payout Conditions shall prevail. In the event of any inconsistency between (i) 
the General Conditions and/or the Index Linked Conditions and (ii) the Issue Terms, the Issue Terms shall 
prevail. 
1. 
Disrupted Day 
The Calculation Agent shall give notice as soon as practicable to the Noteholders in accordance 
with General Condition 12 of the occurrence of a Disrupted Day on any day that, but for the 
occurrence of a Disrupted Day would have been an Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date, 
an Averaging Date, any Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day, an 
Observation Date, or a Valuation Date, as the case may be. 
2. 
Adjustments to an Index 
(a) 
Successor Index Sponsor Calculates and Reports an Index 
If a relevant Index is (i) not calculated and announced by the Index Sponsor but is 
calculated and announced by a successor sponsor (the "Successor Index Sponsor") 
acceptable to the Calculation Agent, or (ii) replaced by a successor index using, in the 
determination of the Calculation Agent, the same or a substantially similar formula for 
and method of calculation as used in the calculation of that Index, then in each case that 
index (the "Successor Index") will be deemed to be the Index. 
(b) 
Modification and Cessation of Calculation of an Index 
If (i) on or prior to the last Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date, the last 
Averaging Date, last Knock-in Determination Day, last Knock-out Determination Day, 
last Observation Date or last Valuation Date, the relevant Index Sponsor makes or 
announces that it will make a material change in the formula for, or the method of, 
calculating a relevant Index or in any other way materially modifies that Index (other than 
a modification prescribed in that formula or method to maintain that Index in the event of 
changes in constituent stock and capitalisation, contracts or commodities and other routine 
events) (an "Index Modification"), or permanently cancels a relevant Index and no 
Successor Index exists (an "Index Cancellation"), or (ii) on an Automatic Early 
Redemption Valuation Date, an Averaging Date, a Knock-in Determination Day or 
Knock-out Determination Day, an Observation Date or a Valuation Date, as the case may 
be, the Index Sponsor or (if applicable) the Successor Index Sponsor fails to calculate and 
announce a relevant Index (an "Index Disruption" and, together with an Index 
Modification and an Index Cancellation, each an "Index Adjustment Event"), then: 
(i) 
the Calculation Agent shall determine if such Index Adjustment Event has a 
material effect on the Notes and, if so, shall calculate the relevant Settlement 
Level using, in lieu of a published level for that Index, the level for that Index as 
at the Valuation Time on that Automatic Early Redemption Date, Averaging Date, 
Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day, Observation Date 
or Valuation Date, as determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
formula for and method of calculating that Index last in effect prior to the change, 
failure or cancellation, but using only those securities that comprised that Index 
immediately prior to that Index Adjustment Event; or 
(ii) 
unless Delayed Redemption on Occurrence of Index Adjustment Event is 
specified as being applicable in the Issue Terms, on giving notice to Noteholders

--- Page 167 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INDEX LINKED NOTES 
 
- 152 - 
 
 
in accordance with General Condition 12, the Issuer shall redeem all but not some 
only of the Notes, each Note being redeemed by payment of an amount equal to 
the fair market value of a Note, taking into account the Index Adjustment Event 
less the cost to the Issuer and/or its Affiliates of unwinding any underlying related 
hedging arrangements (the "Calculated Index Adjustment Amount"), all as 
determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion. Payments 
will be made in such manner as shall be notified to the Noteholders in accordance 
with General Condition 12; or 
(iii) 
if Delayed Redemption on Occurrence of Index Adjustment Event is specified as 
being applicable in the Issue Terms, the Calculation Agent shall calculate the 
Calculated Index Adjustment Amount as soon as practicable following the 
occurrence of the Index Adjustment Event (the "Calculated Index Adjustment 
Amount Determination Date") and on the Maturity Date shall redeem each Note 
at an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent equal to the Calculated Index 
Adjustment Amount plus interest accrued on the Calculated Index Adjustment 
Amount on a daily basis from and including the Calculated Index Adjustment 
Amount Determination Date to but excluding the Maturity Date, each such daily 
accrual rate being at a rate equal to Issuer's funding cost on or about the relevant 
day. 
Notwithstanding (i), (ii) and (iii) above, if there are any options or future contracts of the 
Index traded on the Related Exchange, the Calculation Agent may instead in its sole and 
absolute discretion, upon the occurrence of an Index Adjustment Event, make the 
corresponding adjustments made on any Related Exchange (an "Exchange Based 
Adjustment"). 
(c) 
Notice 
Upon the occurrence of an Index Adjustment Event, the Calculation Agent shall, as soon 
as practicable, other than in the case of an Exchange Based Adjustment notify the Issuer 
of any determination made by it pursuant to paragraph (b) above and the Issuer shall give 
notice as soon as practicable to the Noteholders in accordance with General Condition 12 
stating the occurrence of the Index Adjustment Event, giving details thereof and the action 
proposed to be taken in relation thereto, provided that any failure to give, or non-receipt 
of, such notice will not affect the validity of the Index Adjustment Event or the proposed 
action. 
3. 
Correction of Index 
With the exception of any corrections published after the day which is three Exchange Business 
Days prior to the due date for any payment under the Notes calculated by reference to the level of 
an Index, if the relevant level of the Index published on a given day which is used or to be used by 
the Calculation Agent to make any determination under the Notes is subsequently corrected and 
the correction is published by the relevant Index Sponsor or (if applicable) the relevant Successor 
Index Sponsor, (i) in respect of a Composite Index, no later than five Exchange Business Days 
following the date of the original publication or, (ii) in respect of an Index which is not a Composite 
Index, within the number of days equal to the Index Correction Period of the original publication, 
the level to be used shall be the level of the Index as so corrected. Corrections published after the 
day which is three Exchange Business Days prior to a due date for payment under the Notes 
calculated by reference to the level of the Index will be disregarded by the Calculation Agent for 
the purposes of determining the relevant amount to be paid. 
4. 
Additional Disruption Events 
(a) 
If an Additional Disruption Event occurs, the Issuer in its sole and absolute discretion may 
take the action described in (i), (ii) or (if applicable) (iii) below: 
(i) 
require the Calculation Agent to determine in its sole and absolute discretion the 
appropriate adjustment, if any, to be made to the Weighting and/or any of the 
other terms of the General Conditions, these Index Linked Conditions and/or the

--- Page 168 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INDEX LINKED NOTES 
 
- 153 - 
 
 
Issue Terms to account for the Additional Disruption Event and determine the 
effective date of that adjustment; or 
(ii) 
unless Delayed Redemption on Occurrence of Additional Disruption Event is 
specified as being applicable in the Issue Terms, redeem the Notes by giving 
notice to Noteholders in accordance with General Condition 12. If the Notes are 
so redeemed the Issuer will pay an amount to each Noteholder in respect of each 
Note held by him which amount shall be the fair market value of a Note, taking 
into account the Additional Disruption Event less the cost to the Issuer and/or its 
Affiliates of unwinding any underlying related hedging arrangements (the 
"Calculated Additional Adjustment Amount"), all as determined by the 
Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion. Payments will be made in 
such manner as shall be notified to the Noteholders in accordance with General 
Condition 12; or 
(iii) 
if Delayed Redemption on Occurrence of Additional Disruption Event is specified 
as being applicable in the Issue Terms, the Calculation Agent shall calculate the 
Calculated Additional Disruption Amount as soon as practicable following the 
occurrence of the Additional Disruption Event (the "Calculated Additional 
Disruption Amount Determination Date") and on the Maturity Date shall 
redeem each Note at an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent equal to (x) 
the Calculated Additional Disruption Amount plus interest accrued on the 
Calculated Additional Disruption Amount on a daily basis from and including the 
Calculated Additional Disruption Amount Determination Date to but excluding 
the Maturity Date, each such daily accrual rate being at a rate equal to Issuer's 
funding cost on or about the relevant day or (y) if greater, at its nominal amount. 
(b) 
Upon the occurrence of an Additional Disruption Event, if the Calculation Agent 
determines that an adjustment in accordance with the above provisions is necessary it shall 
notify the Issuer thereof as soon as practicable and the Issuer shall give notice as soon as 
practicable to the Noteholders in accordance with General Condition 12 stating the 
occurrence of the Additional Disruption Event, giving details thereof and the action 
proposed to be taken in relation thereto, provided that any failure to give, or non-receipt 
of, such notice will not affect the validity of the Additional Disruption Event or the 
proposed action. 
5. 
Knock-in Event and Knock-out Event 
(a) 
This Index Linked Condition 5 is applicable only if: 
(i) 
Knock-in Event is specified as applicable in the Issue Terms, in which case any 
payment under the Notes which is expressed to be subject to a Knock-in Event 
shall be conditional upon the occurrence of such Knock-in Event; or 
(ii) 
Knock-out Event is specified as applicable in the Issue Terms, in which case any 
payment under the relevant Notes which is expressed to be subject to a Knock-
out Event shall be conditional upon the occurrence of such Knock-out Event. 
(b) 
If the Knock-in Valuation Time or the Knock-out Valuation Time specified in the Issue 
Terms is the Valuation Time and if on any Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out 
Determination Day at any time during the one hour period that begins or ends at the 
Valuation Time the level of the Index triggers the Knock-in Level or the Knock-out Level, 
a Trading Disruption, an Exchange Disruption or an Early Closure occurs or exists, then 
the Knock-in Event or the Knock-out Event shall be deemed not to have occurred; 
provided that if, by operation of this provision, no Knock-in Determination Day or 
Knock-out Determination Day would occur in the Knock-in Determination Period or 
Knock-out Determination Period, the Knock-in Period Ending Date or Knock-out Period 
Ending Date shall be treated as a Valuation Date and the Calculation Agent shall determine 
the level of the Index as at the Knock-in Valuation Time or Knock-out Valuation Time in 
accordance with the provisions contained in the definition of Valuation Date.

--- Page 169 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INDEX LINKED NOTES 
 
- 154 - 
 
 
(c) 
If the Knock-in Valuation Time or the Knock-out Valuation Time specified in the Issue 
Terms is any time or period of time other than the Valuation Time during the regular 
trading hours on the relevant Exchange and if on any Knock-in Determination Day or 
Knock-out Determination Day and at any time during the one-hour period that begins or 
ends at the time on which the level of the Index triggers the Knock-in Level or the Knock-
out Level, a Trading Disruption, an Exchange Disruption or an Early Closure occurs or 
exists, then the Knock-in Event or the Knock-out Event shall be deemed not to have 
occurred, provided that if, by operation of this provision, no Knock-in Determination 
Day or Knock-out Determination Day would occur in the Knock-in Determination Period 
or Knock-out Determination Period, the Knock-in Period Ending Date or Knock-out 
Period Ending Date shall be treated as a Valuation Date and the Calculation Agent shall 
determine the level of the Index as at the Knock-in Valuation Time or Knock-out 
Valuation Time in accordance with the provisions contained in the definition of Valuation 
Date. 
6. 
Automatic Early Redemption Event 
If "Automatic Early Redemption Event" is specified as applicable in the Issue Terms, then unless 
previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, if (i) on any Automatic Early Redemption 
Valuation Date or (ii) in respect of an Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Period if on any or 
all Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date(s), as specified in the Issue Terms, an Automatic 
Early Redemption Event occurs, then the Notes will be automatically redeemed in whole, but not 
in part, on the Automatic Early Redemption Date immediately following such Automatic Early 
Redemption Valuation Date or Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Period, as applicable, and 
the Issuer shall redeem each Note of a nominal amount equal to the Calculation Amount at an 
amount in the relevant currency specified in the Issue Terms equal to the relevant Automatic Early 
Redemption Amount. 
7. 
Definitions 
"Additional Disruption Event" means any of Change in Law, Hedging Disruption, Increased Cost 
of Hedging, Increased Cost of Stock Borrow and/or Loss of Stock Borrow, in each case if specified 
in the Issue Terms. 
"Affiliate" means in relation to any entity (the "First Entity"), any entity controlled, directly or 
indirectly, by the First Entity, any entity that controls, directly or indirectly, the First Entity or any 
entity directly or indirectly under common control with the First Entity. For these purposes control 
means ownership of a majority of the voting power of an entity. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Amount" means an amount, in respect of each nominal amount 
of Notes equal to the Calculation Amount, being the Automatic Early Redemption Payout set out 
in the Issue Terms. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Date" means each date specified as such in the Issue Terms or if 
such date is not a Business Day, the next following Business Day, and no Noteholder shall be 
entitled to any interest or further payment in respect of such delay. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Event" means the AER Value is (A), 
(i) 
greater than; 
(ii) 
greater than or equal to; 
(iii) 
less than; or 
(iv) 
less than or equal to, 
the Automatic Early Redemption Level, (i), (ii), (iii) or (iv) applying or (B) within or outside the 
Automatic Early Redemption Range, as specified in the Issue Terms.

--- Page 170 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INDEX LINKED NOTES 
 
- 155 - 
 
 
"Automatic Early Redemption Level" means the level, amount, number or percentage specified 
as such in the Issue Terms, subject to adjustment from time to time in accordance with the 
provisions of these Index Linked Conditions. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Payout" is as specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Range" means the range of levels, amounts, numbers or 
percentages specified as such or otherwise determined in the applicable Issue Terms, subject to 
adjustment from time to time in accordance with the provisions of these Index Linked Condition. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date" means each date specified as such in the Issue 
Terms or, if such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day 
unless, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, any such day is a Disrupted Day. If any such day 
is a Disrupted Day, then the Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date shall be delayed in 
accordance with the corresponding provisions of the definition of Valuation Date which shall apply 
mutatis mutandis as if references in such provisions to Valuation Date were to Automatic Early 
Redemption Valuation Date. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Period" means each period specified as such in the 
Issue Terms; 
"Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Time" has the meaning given it in the Issue Terms. 
"AER Value" has the meaning given to it in the Issue Terms, being a term defined in Payout 
Condition 5.2 (Value Definitions). 
"Averaging Date" means each date specified as an Averaging Date in the Issue Terms or, if any 
such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the immediately following Scheduled Trading Day 
unless, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent any such day is a Disrupted Day. If any such day is 
a Disrupted Day, then: 
(a) 
"Omission" is specified as applying in the Issue Terms, then such date will be deemed not 
to be an Averaging Date for the purposes of determining the relevant Settlement Level 
provided that, if through the operation of this provision no Averaging Dates would occur, 
then the Averaging Date will not be omitted and the provisions of the definition of 
"Valuation Date" will apply for purposes of determining the relevant level, price or 
amount on the final Averaging Date as if such Averaging Date were a Valuation Date that 
was a Disrupted Day; or 
(b) 
if "Postponement" is specified as applying in the Issue Terms, then the provisions of the 
definition of Valuation Date will apply for the purposes of determining the relevant level, 
price or amount on that Averaging Date as if such Averaging Date were a Valuation Date 
that was a Disrupted Day irrespective of whether, pursuant to such determination, that 
deferred Averaging Date would fall on a day that already is or is deemed to be an 
Averaging Date; or 
(c) 
if "Modified Postponement" is specified as applying in the Issue Terms then: 
(i) 
where the Notes are Index Linked Notes relating to a single Index, the Averaging 
Date shall be the first succeeding Valid Date (as defined in (ii) below). If the first 
succeeding Valid Date has not occurred for a number of consecutive Scheduled 
Trading Days equal to the Specified Maximum Days of Disruption immediately 
following the original date that, but for the occurrence of another Averaging Date 
or Disrupted Day, would have been the relevant Averaging Date, then (A) that 
last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the Averaging 
Date (irrespective of whether such Scheduled Trading Day is already an 
Averaging Date), and (B) the Calculation Agent shall determine the relevant level 
or price for that Averaging Date in accordance with sub-paragraph (b) of the 
definition of Valuation Date below; 
(ii) 
where the Notes are Index Linked Notes relating to a Basket of Indices, the 
Averaging Date for each Index shall be the first succeeding Valid Date in relation

--- Page 171 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INDEX LINKED NOTES 
 
- 156 - 
 
 
to every Index forming part of the Basket of Indices. If the first succeeding Valid 
Date in relation to every Index forming part of the Basket of Indices has not 
occurred for a number of consecutive Scheduled Trading days equal to the 
Specified Maximum Days of Disruption immediately following the original date 
that, but for the occurrence of another Averaging Date or Disrupted Day, would 
have been the relevant Averaging Date, then (A) that last such consecutive 
Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the Averaging Date (irrespective 
of whether such Scheduled Trading Day is already an Averaging Date) in respect 
of every Index forming part of the Basket of Indices, and (B) the Calculation 
Agent shall determine the relevant level, price or amount for that Averaging Date 
in accordance with sub-paragraph (b) of the definition of Valuation Date below; 
and 
(iii) 
for the purposes of these Terms and Conditions "Valid Date" means a Scheduled 
Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day and on which another Averaging Date 
does not or is not deemed to occur. 
"Basket of Indices" means a basket composed of each Index specified in the Issue Terms subject 
to the Weightings. 
"Change of Law" means that, on or after the Trade Date (as specified in the Issue Terms) (i) due 
to the adoption of or any change in any applicable law or regulation (including, without limitation, 
any tax law), or (ii) due to the promulgation of or any change in the interpretation by any court, 
tribunal or regulatory authority with competent jurisdiction of any applicable law or regulation 
(including any action taken by a taxing authority), the Calculation Agent determines in its sole and 
absolute discretion that (A) it has become illegal to hold, acquire or dispose of any relevant hedge 
positions relating to an Index and/or (B) the Issuer will incur a materially increased cost in 
performing its obligations in relation to the Index Linked Notes (including, without limitation, due 
to any increase in tax liability, decrease in tax benefit or other adverse effect on the tax position of 
the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates). 
"Clearance System" means the principal domestic clearance system customarily used for settling 
trades in the relevant securities. 
"Clearance System Business Days" means, in respect of a Clearance System, any day on which 
such Clearance System is (or, but for the occurrence of an event results in the Clearance System 
being unable to clear the transfer of a relevant security would have been) open for the acceptance 
and execution of settlement instructions. 
"Component Security" means, in respect of a Composite Index, each component security of such 
Index. 
"Composite Index" means any Index specified as such in the Issue Terms, or if not specified, any 
Index the Calculation Agent determines as such. 
"Coupon Valuation Time" means the time specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Disrupted Day" means any day which is: 
(a) 
 
(i) 
in the case of a Composite Index, any Scheduled Trading Day on which: (x) the 
Index Sponsor fails to publish the level of the Index; (y) the Related Exchange 
fails to open for trading during its regular trading session; or (z) a Market 
Disruption Event has occurred; or 
(ii) 
in the case of any Index which is not a Composite Index, any Scheduled Trading 
Day on which (x) the relevant Exchange and/or any Related Exchange fails to 
open for trading during their regular trading session or (y) a Market Disruption 
Event has occurred; or

--- Page 172 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INDEX LINKED NOTES 
 
- 157 - 
 
 
(b) 
Where Exchange Business Day (Cross Asset Basis) and Scheduled Trading Day (Cross 
Asset Basis) are specified as applicable in the Issue Terms for (i) Index Linked Notes and 
(ii) Equity Linked Notes and/or Fund Linked Notes, a Disrupted Day occurs under and as 
defined in the Equity Linked Conditions and/or the Fund Linked Conditions. 
"Early Closure" means: 
(a) 
in the case of a Composite Index, the closure on any Exchange Business Day of the 
Exchange in respect of any Component Security or the Related Exchange prior to its 
Scheduled Closing Time unless such earlier closing is announced by such Exchange or 
Related Exchange (as the case may be) at least one hour prior to the earlier of (i) the actual 
closing time for the regular trading session on such Exchange or Related Exchange (as the 
case may be) on such Exchange Business Day and (ii) the submission deadline for orders 
to be entered into the Exchange or Related Exchange system for execution at the relevant 
Valuation Time on such Exchange Business Day; and 
(b) 
in the case of any Index which is not a Composite Index, the closure on any Exchange 
Business Day of any relevant Exchange(s) relating to securities that comprise 20% or more 
of the level of such Index or any Related Exchange(s) prior to its Scheduled Closing Time 
unless such earlier closing time is announced by such Exchange(s) or Related Exchange(s) 
at least one hour prior to the earlier of (i) the actual closing time for the regular trading 
session on such Exchange(s) or Related Exchange(s) on such Exchange Business Day and 
(ii) the submission deadline for orders to be entered into the Exchange or Related 
Exchange system for execution at the Valuation Time on such Exchange Business Day. 
"Exchange" means: 
(a) 
in the case of a Composite Index, in respect of each Component Security, the principal 
stock exchange on which such Component Security is principally traded, as determined 
by the Calculation Agent; and 
(b) 
in the case of any Index which is not a Composite Index, each exchange or quotation 
system specified as such for such Index in the Issue Terms, any successor to such exchange 
or quotation system or any substitute exchange or quotation system to which trading in the 
securities comprising such Index has temporarily relocated (provided that the Calculation 
Agent has determined that there is comparable liquidity relative to the securities 
comprising such Index on such temporary substitute exchange or quotation system as on 
the original Exchange). 
"Exchange Business Day" means either (i) in the case of a single Index, Exchange Business Day 
(Single Index Basis) or (ii) in the case of a basket of Indices or other assets, (a) Exchange Business 
Day (All Indices Basis) or (b) Exchange Business Day (Per Index Basis) or (c) Exchange Business 
Day (Cross Asset Basis), in each case as specified in the Issue Terms, provided that if no such 
specification is made in the Issue Terms, Exchange Business Day (All Indices Basis) shall apply. 
"Exchange Business Day (All Indices Basis)" means any Scheduled Trading Day on which (i) in 
respect of all Indices other than Composite Indices, each Exchange and each Related Exchange are 
open for trading during their respective regular trading sessions in respect of such Indices, 
notwithstanding any such Exchange or Related Exchange closing prior to its Scheduled Closing 
Time and (ii) in respect of all Composite Indices, (a) the Index Sponsor publishes the level of such 
Composite Indices and (b) each Related Exchange (if any) is open for trading during its regular 
trading session in respect of such Composite Indices, notwithstanding any such Related Exchange 
closing prior to its Scheduled Closing Time. 
"Exchange Business Day (Cross Asset Basis)" means, in respect of a basket of assets, any 
Scheduled Trading Day on which (i) in respect of all Indices other than Composite Indices, each 
relevant Exchange and each Related Exchange (if any) is open for trading during its regular trading 
session in respect of such Indices comprised in the basket (notwithstanding any such relevant 
Exchange or Related Exchange closing prior to its Scheduled Closing Time) and (ii) in respect of 
all Composite Indices, (a) the relevant Index Sponsor publishes the level of such Composite Indices 
and (b) each Related Exchange (if any) in respect of each Composite Index is open for trading

--- Page 173 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INDEX LINKED NOTES 
 
- 158 - 
 
 
during its regular trading session (notwithstanding any such Related Exchange closing prior to its 
Scheduled Closing Time) which, in each case, is also an Exchange Business Day under and as 
defined in the Equity Linked Conditions and/or the Fund Linked Conditions, as applicable. 
"Exchange Business Day (Per Index Basis)" means in respect of any Index: 
(a) 
in the case of any Composite Index, any Scheduled Trading Day on which (i) the Index 
Sponsor publishes the level of such Composite Index; and (ii) the Related Exchange is 
open for trading during its regular trading session, notwithstanding such Related Exchange 
closing prior to its Scheduled Closing Time; and 
(b) 
in any other case, any Scheduled Trading Day on which the relevant Exchange and Related 
Exchange in respect of such Index are open for trading during their respective regular 
trading session(s), notwithstanding any such Exchange or Related Exchange closing prior 
to their Scheduled Closing Time. 
"Exchange Business Day (Single Index Basis)" means any Scheduled Trading Day on which (i) 
in respect of all Indices other than a Composite Index, the relevant Exchange and the relevant 
Related Exchange, if any, are open for trading during their regular trading session(s), 
notwithstanding any such relevant Exchange or relevant Related Exchange closing prior to its 
Scheduled Closing Time and (ii) in respect of a Composite Index (a) the relevant Index Sponsor 
publishes the level of such Composite Index and (b) the relevant Related Exchange, if any, is open 
for trading during their regular trading session in respect of such Composite Index, notwithstanding 
such Related Exchange closing prior to its Scheduled Closing Time. 
"Exchange Disruption" means: 
(a) 
in the case of any Composite Index, any event (other than an Early Closure) that disrupts 
or impairs (as determined by the Calculation Agent) the ability of market participants in 
general to effect transactions in, or obtain market values for, (A) any Component Security 
on the Exchange in respect of such Component Security; or (B) in futures or options 
contracts relating to such Index on the Related Exchange; and 
(b) 
in the case of any Index which is not a Composite Index, any event (other than an Early 
Closure) that disrupts or impairs (as determined by the Calculation Agent) the ability of 
market participants in general (A) to effect transactions in, or obtain market values for on 
any relevant Exchange(s) in securities that comprise 20% or more of the level of the 
relevant Index, or (B) to effect transactions in, or obtain market values for, futures or 
options contracts relating to the relevant Index on any relevant Related Exchange. 
"Hedging Disruption" means that the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates is unable, after using 
commercially reasonable efforts, to (a) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind 
or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge the equity price risk or any 
other relevant price risk including but not limited to the currency risk of the Issuer, issuing and 
performing its obligations with respect to the Notes, or (b) freely realise, recover, remit, receive, 
repatriate or transfer the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s). 
"Hedging Shares" means the number of securities comprised in an Index that the Issuer and/or 
any of its Affiliates deems necessary to hedge the equity or other price risk of entering into and 
performing its obligations with respect to the Notes. 
"Increased Cost of Hedging" means that the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates would incur a 
materially increased (as compared with circumstances existing on the Trade Date) amount of tax, 
duty, expense or fee (other than brokerage commissions) (a) to acquire, establish, re-establish, 
substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge 
the market risk (including, without limitation, equity price risk, foreign exchange risk and interest 
rate risk) of the Issuer issuing and performing its obligations with respect to the Notes, or (b) to 
realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s), provided that any such 
materially increased amount that is incurred solely due to the deterioration of the creditworthiness 
of the Issuer, and/or any of its Affiliates shall not be deemed an Increased Cost of Hedging.

--- Page 174 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INDEX LINKED NOTES 
 
- 159 - 
 
 
"Increased Cost of Stock Borrow" means that the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates would incur 
a rate to borrow any security comprised in an Index that is greater than the Initial Stock Loan Rate. 
"Index" and "Indices" mean, subject to adjustment in accordance with these Index Linked 
Conditions, the index or indices specified in the Issue Terms and related expressions shall be 
construed accordingly. 
"Index Correction Period" means (a) the period specified in the Issue Terms, or (b) if none is so 
specified, one Settlement Cycle. 
"Index Sponsor" means, in relation to an Index, the corporation or other entity that (a) is 
responsible for setting and reviewing the rules and procedures and the methods of calculation and 
adjustments, if any, related to such Index and (b) announces (directly or through an agent) the level 
of such Index on a regular basis during each Scheduled Trading Day, which as of the Issue Date is 
the index sponsor specified for such Index in the Issue Terms. 
"Initial Stock Loan Rate" means, in respect of a security comprised in an Index, the initial stock 
loan rate specified in relation to such security in the Issue Terms. 
"Knock-in Determination Day" means the date(s) specified as such in the Issue Terms, or 
otherwise each Scheduled Trading Day during the Knock-in Determination Period. 
"Knock-in Determination Period" means the period which commences on, and includes, the 
Knock-in Period Beginning Date and ends on, and includes, the Knock-in Period Ending Date. 
"Knock-in Event" means the Knock-in Value is (A): 
(i) 
greater than; 
(ii) 
greater than or equal to; 
(iii) 
less than; or 
(iv) 
less than or equal to, 
the Knock-in Level or (B) within or outside the Knock-in Range (x) on a Knock-in Determination 
Day or (y) in respect of any Knock-in Determination Period, as specified in the Issue Terms, 
"Knock-in Level" means the level, amount, number or percentage specified as such in the Issue 
Terms, subject to adjustment from time to time in accordance with the provisions of these Index 
Linked Conditions. 
"Knock-in Period Beginning Date" means the date specified as such in the Issue Terms or, if the 
Knock-in Period Beginning Date Scheduled Trading Day Convention is specified as applicable in 
the Issue Terms and such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled 
Trading Day. 
"Knock-in Period Ending Date" means the date specified as such in the Issue Terms or, if the 
Knock-in Period Ending Date Scheduled Trading Day Convention is specified as applicable in the 
Issue Terms and such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading 
Day. 
"Knock-in Range" means the range of levels, amounts, numbers or percentages specified as such 
or otherwise determined in the applicable Issue Terms, subject to adjustment from time to time in 
accordance with the provisions of these Index Linked Conditions; 
"Knock-in Valuation Time" means the time or period of time on any Knock-in Determination 
Day specified as such in the Issue Terms or in the event that the Issue Terms do not specify a 
Knock-in Valuation Time, the Knock-in Valuation Time shall be the Valuation Time. 
"Knock-in Value" has the meaning given to it in the Issue Terms, being a term defined in Payout 
Condition 5.2.

--- Page 175 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INDEX LINKED NOTES 
 
- 160 - 
 
 
"Knock-out Determination Day" means the date(s) as specified in the Issue Terms, or otherwise 
each Scheduled Trading Day during the Knock-out Determination Period. 
"Knock-out Determination Period" means the period which commences on, and includes, the 
Knock-out Period Beginning Date and ends on, and includes, the Knock-out Period Ending Date. 
"Knock-out Event" means the Knock-out Value is (A): 
(i) 
greater than; 
(ii) 
greater than or equal to; 
(iii) 
less than; or 
(iv) 
less than or equal to, 
the Knock-out Level or (B) within or outside the Knock-out Range (x) on a Knock-in 
Determination Day or (y) in respect of any Knock-in Determination Period, as specified in the 
Issue Terms, 
"Knock-out Level" means the level, amount, number or percentage specified as such in the Issue 
Terms, subject to adjustment from time to time in accordance with the provisions of these Index 
Linked Conditions. 
"Knock-out Period Beginning Date" means the date specified as such in the Issue Terms or, if 
the Knock-out Period Beginning Date Scheduled Trading Day Convention is specified as 
applicable in the Issue Terms and such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following 
Scheduled Trading Day. 
"Knock-out Period Ending Date" means the date specified as such in the Issue Terms or, if the 
Knock-out Period Ending Date Scheduled Trading Day Convention is specified as applicable in 
the Issue Terms and such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled 
Trading Day. 
"Knock-out Range" means the range of levels, amounts, numbers or percentages specified as such 
or otherwise determined in the applicable Issue Terms, subject to adjustment from time to time in 
accordance with the provisions of these Index Linked Conditions. 
"Knock-out Valuation Time" means the time or period of time on any Knock-out Determination 
Day specified as such in the Issue Terms or in the event that the Issue Terms do not specify a 
Knock-out Valuation Time, the Knock-out Valuation Time shall be the Valuation Time. 
"Knock-out Value" has the meaning given to it in the Issue Terms, being a term defined in Payout 
Condition 5.2. 
"Loss of Stock Borrow" means that the Issuer and/or any Affiliate is unable, after using 
commercially reasonable efforts, to borrow (or maintain a borrowing of) any securities comprised 
in an Index in an amount equal to the Hedging Shares at a rate equal to or less than the Maximum 
Stock Loan Rate. 
"Market Disruption Event" means: 
(a) 
in respect of a Composite Index either: 
(i) 
 
(a) 
the occurrence or existence, in respect of any Component Security, of: 
(1) 
a Trading Disruption in respect of such Component Security, 
which the Calculation Agent determines is material, at any time 
during the one hour period that (a) for the purposes of the 
occurrence of a Knock-in Event or a Knock-out Event begins or 
ends at the time when the level of such Index would trigger

--- Page 176 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INDEX LINKED NOTES 
 
- 161 - 
 
 
respectively the Knock-in Event or the Knock-out Event or (b) 
in all other circumstances ends at the relevant Valuation Time in 
respect of the Exchange on which such Component Security is 
principally traded; 
(2) 
an Exchange Disruption in respect of such Component Security, 
which the Calculation Agent determines is material, at any time 
during the one hour period that (a) for the purposes of the 
occurrence of a Knock-in Event or a Knock-out Event begins or 
ends at the time when the level of such Index would trigger 
respectively the Knock-in Event or the Knock-out Event or (b) 
in all other circumstances ends at the relevant Valuation Time in 
respect of the Exchange on which such Component Security is 
principally traded; or 
(3) 
an Early Closure in respect of such Component Security; and 
(b) 
the aggregate of all Component Securities in respect of which a Trading 
Disruption, an Exchange Disruption or an Early Closure occurs or exists 
comprises 20% or more of the level of such Index; or 
(ii) 
the occurrence or existence, in respect of futures or options contracts relating to 
such Index, of: (1) a Trading Disruption; (2) an Exchange Disruption, which in 
either case the Calculation Agent determines is material, at any time during the 
one hour period that (a) for the purposes of the occurrence of a Knock-in Event 
or a Knock-out Event begins or ends at the time when the level of such Index 
would trigger respectively the Knock-in Event or the Knock-out Event or (b) in 
all other circumstances ends at the Valuation Time in respect of the Related 
Exchange; or (3) an Early Closure, in each case in respect of such futures or 
options contracts. 
For the purposes of determining whether a Market Disruption Event exists in respect of a 
Component Security at any time, if a Market Disruption Event occurs in respect of such 
Component Security at that time, then the relevant percentage contribution of that 
Component Security to the level of such Index shall be based on a comparison of (x) the 
portion of the level of the Index attributable to that Component Security to (y) the overall 
level of such Index, in each case using the official opening weightings as published by the 
Index Sponsor as part of the market opening data; and 
(b) 
in the case of Indices other than Composite Indices, the occurrence or existence of (i) a 
Trading Disruption, (ii) an Exchange Disruption, which in either case the Calculation 
Agent determines is material, at any time during the one hour period that (a) for the 
purposes of the occurrence of a Knock-in Event or a Knock-out Event begins or ends at 
the time when the level of such Index triggers respectively the Knock-in Level or the 
Knock-out Level or (b) in all other circumstances ends at the relevant Valuation Time, or 
(iii) an Early Closure. 
For the purposes of determining whether a Market Disruption Event in respect of such Index exists 
at any time, if a Market Disruption Event occurs in respect of a security included in such Index at 
any time, then the relevant percentage contribution of that security to the level of such Index shall 
be based on a comparison of (x) the portion of the level of such Index attributable to that security 
and (y) the overall level of the Index, in each case immediately before the occurrence of such 
Market Disruption Event. 
"Maximum Stock Loan Rate" means, in respect of a security comprised in an Index, the 
Maximum Stock Loan Rate specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Observation Date" means each date specified as an Observation Date in the Issue Terms, or if 
any such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the immediately following Scheduled Trading Day 
unless, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, any such day is a Disrupted Day. If any such day 
is a Disrupted Day, then the provisions relating to Omission, Postponement or Modified

--- Page 177 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INDEX LINKED NOTES 
 
- 162 - 
 
 
Postponement, as specified in the Issue Terms, contained in the definition of Averaging Date shall 
apply mutatis mutandis as if references in such provisions to Averaging Date were to Observation 
Date. 
"Observation Period" means the period specified as the Observation Period in the Issue Terms. 
"Related Exchange" means, in relation to an Index, each exchange or quotation system on which 
option contracts or futures contracts relating to such Index are traded, or each exchange or 
quotation system specified as such for such Index in the Issue Terms, any successor to such 
exchange or quotation system or any substitute exchange or quotation system to which trading in 
futures or options contracts relating to such Index has temporarily relocated (provided that the 
Calculation Agent has determined that there is comparable liquidity relative to the futures or 
options contracts relating to such Index on such temporary substitute exchange or quotation system 
as on the original Related Exchange), provided that where All Exchanges is specified as the 
Related Exchange in the Issue Terms, "Related Exchange" shall mean each exchange or quotation 
system where trading has a material effect (as determined by the Calculation Agent) on the overall 
market for futures or options contracts relating to such Index. 
"Relevant Level" means, subject as referred to in relation to Averaging Date, Observation Date, 
Valuation Date, Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date, Knock-in Determination Day or 
Knock-out Determination Day as the case may be in the case of an Index, an amount equal to the 
official closing level of the Index or, in relation to a Composite Index, the official closing level of 
such Index as published by the relevant Index Sponsor, in each case as determined by the 
Calculation Agent or, if so specified in the Issue Terms, the level of the Index determined by the 
Calculation Agent as set out in the Issue Terms at the Valuation Time on (i) if Averaging is not 
specified in the Issue Terms, the relevant Settlement Level Date, or (ii) if Averaging is specified 
in the Issue Terms, each Averaging Date. 
"Scheduled Closing Time" means, in respect of an Exchange or Related Exchange and a 
Scheduled Trading Day, the scheduled weekday closing time of such Exchange or Related 
Exchange on such Scheduled Trading Day, without regard to after hours or any other trading 
outside of the regular trading session hours subject as provided in Valuation Time below. 
"Scheduled Trading Day" means either (i) in the case of a single Index, Scheduled Trading Day 
(Single Index Basis) or (ii) in the case of a Basket of Indices, (a) Scheduled Trading Day (All 
Indices Basis) or (b) Scheduled Trading Day (Per Index Basis) or (c) Scheduled Trading Day 
(Cross Asset Basis), in each case as specified in the Issue Terms, provided that if no such 
specification is made in the Issue Terms, Scheduled Trading Day (All Indices Basis) shall apply. 
"Scheduled Trading Day (All Indices Basis)" means (i) in respect of each Index which is not a 
Composite Index, any day on which each Exchange and each Related Exchange in respect of each 
such Index are scheduled to be open for trading during their respective regular trading session(s), 
and (ii) in respect of each Composite Index, any day on which (a) the Index Sponsor is scheduled 
to publish the level of each such Composite Index and (b) each Related Exchange is scheduled to 
be open for trading during its regular trading session in respect of such Composite Index. 
"Scheduled Trading Day (Cross Asset Basis)" means, in respect of a basket of assets, any day 
on which (i) in respect of each Index which is not a Composite Index, each relevant Exchange and 
each Related Exchange (if any) in respect of each such Index is scheduled to be open for trading 
during its regular trading session, and (ii) in respect of each Composite Index, (a) the relevant Index 
Sponsor is scheduled to publish the level of each such Composite Index and (b) each Related 
Exchange (if any) in respect of such Composite Index is scheduled to be open for trading during 
its regular trading session which, in each case, is also a Scheduled Trading Day under and as 
defined in the Equity Linked Conditions and/or the Fund Linked Conditions, as applicable. 
"Scheduled Trading Day (Per Index Basis)" means: 
(a) 
in respect of an Index other than a Composite Index, any day on which the relevant 
Exchange and Related Exchange in respect of such Index are scheduled to be open for 
trading for their respective regular trading session(s); and

--- Page 178 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INDEX LINKED NOTES 
 
- 163 - 
 
 
(b) 
in respect of any Composite Index, any day on which (i) the Index Sponsor is scheduled 
to publish the level of such Index; and (ii) the Related Exchange is scheduled to be open 
for trading for its regular trading session. 
"Scheduled Trading Day (Single Index Basis)" means any day on which (i) in respect of an Index 
other than a Composite Index, the relevant Exchange and the relevant Related Exchange, if any, 
are scheduled to be open for trading during their respective regular trading session(s), and (ii) in 
respect of a Composite Index (a) the relevant Index Sponsor is scheduled to publish the level of 
such Composite Index and (b) the relevant Related Exchange, if any, is scheduled to be open for 
trading during its regular trading session in respect of such Composite Index. 
"Scheduled Valuation Date" means any original date that, but for the occurrence of an event 
causing a Disrupted Day, would have been a Valuation Date. 
"Screen Page" means the page specified in the Issue Terms, or any successor page or service 
thereto. 
"Settlement Cycle" means, in respect of an Index, the period of Clearance System Business Days 
following a trade in the securities comprising such Index on the Exchange in which settlement will 
customarily occur according to the rules of such Exchange. 
"Settlement Level" means, and subject as referred to in Automatic Early Redemption Valuation 
Date, Averaging Date, Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day, 
Observation Date or Valuation Date, as the case may be: 
(a) 
in the case of Index Linked Notes relating to a single Index, (i) if Averaging is not specified 
in the Issue Terms, the Relevant Level for the relevant Settlement Level Date, or (ii) if 
Averaging is specified in the Issue Terms, the arithmetic mean of the Relevant Levels of 
the Index on each Averaging Date, all as determined by or on behalf of the Calculation 
Agent in a commercially reasonable manner; and 
(b) 
in the case of Index Linked Notes relating to a Basket of Indices, (i) if Averaging is not 
specified in the Issue Terms, the Relevant Level for the relevant Settlement Level Date, 
or (ii) if Averaging is specified in the Issue Terms, the arithmetic mean of the Relevant 
Levels of the Basket of Indices on each Averaging Date, all as determined by or on behalf 
of the Calculation Agent in a commercially reasonable manner. 
"Settlement Level Date" means the Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date, Strike Date, 
Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day, an Observation Date or a 
Valuation Date, as the case may be. 
"Specified Maximum Days of Disruption" means five (5) Scheduled Trading Days or such other 
number of Scheduled Trading Days specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Strike Date" means the Strike Date specified in the Issue Terms as may be adjusted in accordance 
with the definition of "Valuation Date" below. 
"Strike Day" means each date specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Strike Period" means the period specified as the Strike Period in the Issue Terms. 
"Trading Disruption" means: 
(a) 
in the case of an Index which is not a Composite Index, any suspension of or limitation 
imposed on trading by the relevant Exchange or Related Exchange or otherwise and 
whether by reason of movements in price exceeding limits permitted by the relevant 
Exchange or Related Exchange or otherwise (a) relating to securities that comprise 20% 
or more of the level of such Index on any relevant Exchange(s) or (b) in futures or options 
contracts relating to such Index on any relevant Related Exchange; and 
(b) 
in the case of a Composite Index, any suspension of or limitation imposed on trading by 
the relevant Exchange or Related Exchange or otherwise and whether by reason of

--- Page 179 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INDEX LINKED NOTES 
 
- 164 - 
 
 
movements in price exceeding limits permitted by the relevant Exchange or Related 
Exchange or otherwise: (i) relating to any Component Security on the Exchange in respect 
of such Component Security; or (ii) in futures or options contracts relating to the Index on 
the Related Exchange. 
"Valuation Date" means the Coupon Valuation Date, Strike Date, the Automatic Early 
Redemption Valuation Date and/or the Redemption Valuation Date, as the case may be, specified 
in the Issue Terms or, if such day is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the immediately succeeding 
Scheduled Trading Day unless, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, such day is a Disrupted 
Day. If such day is a Disrupted Day, then: 
(a) 
in the case of Index Linked Notes relating to a single Index, the Valuation Date shall be 
the first succeeding Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day, unless each of the 
number of consecutive Scheduled Trading Days equal to the Specified Maximum Days of 
Disruption immediately following the Scheduled Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day. In 
that case, (i) the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the 
Valuation Date, notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day, and (ii) the 
Calculation Agent shall determine the Settlement Level by determining the level of the 
Index as of the Valuation Time on the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day in 
accordance with the formula for and method of calculating the Index last in effect prior to 
the occurrence of the first Disrupted Day using the Exchange traded or quoted level as of 
the Valuation Time on the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day of each security 
comprised in the Index (or, if an event giving rise to a Disrupted Day has occurred in 
respect of the relevant security on the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day, its 
good faith estimate of the value for the relevant security as of the Valuation Time on the 
last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day); or 
(b) 
in the case of Index Linked Notes relating to a Basket of Indices, the Valuation Date for 
each Index, shall be the first succeeding Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted 
Day in respect of any Index forming part of the Basket of Indices unless each of the 
number of consecutive Scheduled Trading Days equal to the Specified Maximum Days of 
Disruption immediately following the Scheduled Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day in 
respect of Index of the Basket of Indices. In that case, (i) the last such consecutive 
Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the Valuation Date for each Index of the 
Basket of Indices, notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day with respect 
to any Index, and (ii) the Calculation Agent shall determine the Settlement Level using 
the level of that Index as of the Valuation Time on the last such consecutive Scheduled 
Trading Day in accordance with the formula for and method of calculating that Index last 
in effect prior to the occurrence of the first Disrupted Day using the Exchange traded or 
quoted level as of the Valuation Time on the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day 
of each security comprised in that Index (or, if an event giving rise to a Disrupted Day has 
occurred in respect of the relevant security on the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading 
Day, its good faith estimate of the value for the relevant security as of the Valuation Time 
on the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day) and otherwise in accordance with 
the above provisions. 
"Valuation Time" means: 
(a) 
the Coupon Valuation Time or the Valuation Time, as the case may be, specified in the 
Issue Terms; or 
(b) 
if not specified in the Issue Terms: 
(i) 
in the case of a Composite Index, means in respect of such Index: (A) for the 
purposes of determining whether a Market Disruption Event has occurred: (x) in 
respect of any Component Security, the Scheduled Closing Time on the Exchange 
in respect of such Component Security, and (y) in respect of any options contracts 
or futures contracts on the Index, the close of trading on the Related Exchange; 
and (B) in all other circumstances, the time at which the official closing level of 
the Index is calculated and published by the Index Sponsor; or

--- Page 180 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INDEX LINKED NOTES 
 
- 165 - 
 
 
(ii) 
in the case of any Index which is not a Composite Index, means the Scheduled 
Closing Time on the Exchange on the relevant date. If the Exchange closes prior 
to its Scheduled Closing Time and the specified Coupon Valuation Time or 
Valuation Time, as the case may be, is after the actual closing time for its regular 
trading session, then the Coupon Valuation Time or Valuation Time, as the case 
may be, shall be such actual closing time. 
"Weighting" means the weighting to be applied to each item comprising the Basket of Indices as 
specified in the Issue Terms. 
8. 
Index Disclaimer 
The Index Linked Notes are not sponsored, endorsed, sold or promoted by any Index or any Index 
Sponsor and no Index Sponsor makes any representation whatsoever, whether express or implied, 
either as to the results to be obtained from the use of the Index and/or the levels at which the Index 
stands at any particular time on any particular date or otherwise. No Index or Index Sponsor shall 
be liable (whether in negligence or otherwise) to any person for any error in the Index and the 
Index Sponsor is under no obligation to advise any person of any error therein. No Index Sponsor 
is making any representation whatsoever, whether express or implied, as to the advisability of 
purchasing or assuming any risk in connection with the Index Linked Notes. The Issuer shall have 
no liability to the Noteholders for any act or failure to act by the Index Sponsor in connection with 
the calculation, adjustment or maintenance of the Index. Except as disclosed prior to the Issue Date, 
neither the Issuer nor its Affiliates has any affiliation with or control over the Index or Index 
Sponsor or any control over the computation, composition or dissemination of the Index. Although 
the Calculation Agent will obtain information concerning the Indices from publicly available 
sources it believes reliable, it will not independently verify this information. Accordingly, no 
representation, warranty or undertaking (express or implied) is made and no responsibility is 
accepted by the Issuer, its Affiliates or the Calculation Agent as to the accuracy, completeness and 
timeliness of information concerning the Index.

--- Page 181 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR EQUITY LINKED NOTES 
 
- 166 - 
 
 
ANNEX 3 
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR EQUITY LINKED NOTES 
If specified as applicable in the Issue Terms, the terms and conditions applicable to Equity Linked Notes 
shall comprise the General Conditions and the additional terms and conditions for Equity Linked Notes set 
out below (the "Equity Linked Conditions"), together with the terms and conditions as set out in each other 
Annex which is specified as applicable in the Issue Terms and subject to completion in the Issue Terms. In 
the event of any inconsistency between the General Conditions and the Equity Linked Conditions, the Equity 
Linked Conditions shall prevail. In the event of any inconsistency between the Equity Linked Conditions 
and the Payout Conditions, the Payout Conditions shall prevail. In the event of any inconsistency between 
(i) the General Conditions and/or the Equity Linked Conditions and (ii) the Issue Terms, the Issue Terms 
shall prevail. 
1. 
Disrupted Day 
The Calculation Agent shall give notice as soon as practicable to the Issuer, the relevant Paying 
Agent and the Noteholders in accordance with General Condition 12 of the occurrence of a 
Disrupted Day on any day that, but for the occurrence of a Disrupted Day, would have been an 
Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date, an Averaging Date, a Knock-in Determination Day 
or a Knock-out Determination Day, an Observation Date or a Valuation Date, as the case may be. 
2. 
Depositary Receipts 
(a) 
Application of Depositary Receipt provisions 
If "Depositary Receipt provisions" are specified as applicable in the Issue Terms, for the 
purposes of these Equity Linked Conditions in relation to each relevant Depositary 
Receipt: 
(i) 
references to "Share" or "Shares" shall be deemed to include an ordinary share 
or ordinary shares or other relevant equity securities, as the case may be, of the 
Share Company or Basket Company to which the relevant Depositary Receipts 
specified in the Issue Terms relate; 
(ii) 
references to "Exchange" shall, in the context of the ordinary shares or other 
relevant equity securities of the Share Company or Basket Company, be deemed 
to be references to the Share Exchange specified in the Issue Terms; 
(iii) 
references to "Share Company" or "Basket Company" shall, in the context of a 
Depositary Receipt, be deemed to include references to the issuer or obligor of 
the Depositary Receipts; 
(iv) 
with respect to Depositary Receipts only, the following additional event shall 
constitute a Potential Adjustment Event for the purposes of Equity Linked 
Condition 3; 
(v) 
"a distribution in respect of the Shares of property other than cash, shares or rights 
relating to any Shares to the holder(s) of the Shares"; and 
(vi) 
with respect to Depositary Receipts only, the following events shall constitute 
Additional Disruption Events for the purposes of Equity Linked Condition 5: 
(A) 
a Termination; and 
(B) 
an Adjustment Event. 
(b) 
Definitions specific to Depositary Receipts 
"Adjustment Event" means (a) the terms and conditions of the Depositary Receipts have 
been altered or any adjustment or modification has been made pursuant to such terms and 
conditions (in each case whether by the Share Company or Basket Company or any party 
having influence over such terms and conditions) or the Depositary Receipts are converted

--- Page 182 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR EQUITY LINKED NOTES 
 
- 167 - 
 
 
into other securities and/or (b) the aggregate amounts (or currency thereof) to which a 
holder is entitled under the Depositary Receipts are altered. 
"Depositary Receipt" means a depositary receipt relating to ordinary shares or other 
relevant equity securities issued by a Share Company or Basket Company, as specified in 
the Issue Terms, subject to adjustment pursuant to the provisions specified in Equity 
Linked Conditions 3 and 4. 
"Termination" means, in relation to an issue of Depositary Receipts, such issue has been 
terminated, cancelled or otherwise ceased to be outstanding for any reason. This shall 
include, without limitation, the termination of the deposit agreement in respect of the 
Shares and/or written instructions being given by the Share Company or Basket Company 
to the depositary of the Shares to withdraw or surrender the Shares. 
3. 
Potential Adjustment Events and Extraordinary Events 
(a) 
Potential Adjustment Events 
(i) 
"Potential Adjustment Event" means any of the following: 
(A) 
a subdivision, consolidation or reclassification of relevant Shares (unless 
resulting in a Merger Event) or a free distribution or dividend of any such 
Shares to existing holders by way of bonus, capitalisation or similar issue; 
(B) 
a distribution, issue or dividend to existing holders of the relevant Shares 
of (a) such Shares or (b) other share capital or securities granting the right 
to payment of dividends and/or the proceeds of liquidation of the Basket 
Company or Share Company, as the case may be, equally or 
proportionately with such payments to holders of such Shares or (c) share 
capital or other securities of another issuer acquired or owned (directly 
or indirectly) by the Basket Company or Share Company, as the case may 
be, as a result of a spin-off or other similar transaction or (d) any other 
type of securities, rights or warrants or other assets, in any case for 
payment (in cash or in other consideration) at less than the prevailing 
market price as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
(C) 
an extraordinary dividend as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
(D) 
a call by a Basket Company or Share Company, as the case may be, in 
respect of relevant Shares that are not fully paid; 
(E) 
a repurchase by the Basket Company or its subsidiaries or Share 
Company or its subsidiaries, as the case may be, of relevant Shares 
whether out of profits or capital and whether the consideration for such 
repurchase is cash, securities or otherwise; 
(F) 
in respect of a Basket Company or Share Company, as the case may be, 
an event that results in any shareholder rights being distributed or 
becoming separated from shares of common stock or other shares of the 
capital stock of such Basket Company or Share Company, as the case 
may be, pursuant to a shareholder rights plan or arrangement directed 
against hostile takeovers that provides upon the occurrence of certain 
events for a distribution of preferred stock, certificates, debt instruments 
or stock rights at a price below their market value as determined by the 
Calculation Agent; 
(G) 
any adjustment effected as a result of any shareholder rights plan or 
arrangement as described in 3(a)(i)(D) above; or 
(H) 
any other event having, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, a diluting 
or concentrative or other effect on the theoretical value of the relevant 
Shares.

--- Page 183 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR EQUITY LINKED NOTES 
 
- 168 - 
 
 
(ii) 
"Potential Adjustment Event Effective Date" means, in respect of a Potential 
Adjustment Event, the date on which such Potential Adjustment Event is 
announced by the relevant Basket Company or Share Company, as the case may 
be, as determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion. 
(iii) 
Following the declaration by the Basket Company or Share Company, as the case 
may be, of the terms of any Potential Adjustment Event, the Calculation Agent 
will, in its sole and absolute discretion, determine whether such Potential 
Adjustment Event has a diluting or concentrative effect on the theoretical value 
of the Shares and, if so, will (i) make the corresponding adjustment, if any, to any 
one or more of any Relevant Asset and/or the Entitlement (where the Notes are 
Physically Settled Notes) and/or the Weighting and/or any of the other terms of 
the General Conditions, these Equity Linked Conditions and/or the Issue Terms 
as the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion determines appropriate 
to account for that diluting or concentrative effect (provided that no adjustments 
will be made to account solely for changes in volatility, expected dividends, stock 
loan rate or liquidity relative to the relevant Share) and (ii) determine the effective 
date of that adjustment. The Calculation Agent may, but need not, determine the 
appropriate adjustment by reference to the adjustment in respect of such Potential 
Adjustment Event made by an options exchange ("Exchange Based 
Adjustment") to options on the Shares traded on that options exchange. 
(iv) 
Upon the making of any such adjustment by the Calculation Agent, the 
Calculation Agent shall, other than where Exchange Based Adjustment applies 
notify the Issuer as soon as practicable and the Issuer shall give notice as soon as 
practicable to the Noteholders in accordance with General Condition 12, stating 
the occurrence of the Potential Adjustment Event, giving details thereof and the 
adjustment to be taken in relation thereto, provided that any failure to give or 
non-receipt of such notice will not affect the validity of such Potential Adjustment 
Event or Potential Adjustment Event Effective Date or the adjustment in relation 
thereto. 
(b) 
Extraordinary Events 
The occurrence of any of De-Listing, Insolvency, Merger Event, Nationalisation, Tender 
Offer (unless Tender Offer is specified as not applicable in the Issue Terms), or, if 
specified as applicable in the Issue Terms, Illiquidity, Listing Change or Listing 
Suspension, as the case may be, shall be deemed to be an "Extraordinary Event", the 
consequences of which are set forth below: 
"De-Listing" means, in respect of any relevant Shares, that the Exchange announces 
pursuant to the rules of such Exchange, that such Shares cease (or will cease) to be listed, 
traded or publicly quoted on the Exchange for any reason (other than a Merger Event or 
Tender Offer) and are not immediately re-listed, re-traded or re-quoted on (i) where the 
Exchange is located in the United States, any of the New York Stock Exchange, the 
American Stock Exchange or the NASDAQ National Market System (or their respective 
successors) or (ii) a comparable exchange or quotation system located in the same country 
as the Exchange (or, where the Exchange is within the European Union, in a member state 
of the European Union). 
"Illiquidity" means, in respect of Equity Linked Notes that, in the determination of the 
Calculation Agent, during any period of five consecutive Scheduled Trading Days falling 
after the Issue Date (the "Relevant Period"), (a) the difference between the bid prices and 
the ask prices in respect of any relevant Share during the Relevant Period is greater than 
1% (on average), and/or (b) the average purchase price or the average selling price, (each 
of (a) and (b) determined by the Calculation Agent from the order book of the relevant 
Share on the relevant Exchange during the Relevant Period), in relation to the purchase or 
sale of Shares with a value equal to or greater than EUR 10,000.00 (or its equivalent in 
any other currency as determined by the Calculation Agent at such time and by reference 
to such sources as it determines appropriate), is greater than MID plus 1% of MID (in 
relation to a purchase of Shares) or lower than the MID minus 1% of MID (in relation to

--- Page 184 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR EQUITY LINKED NOTES 
 
- 169 - 
 
 
a sale of Shares). For these purposes, "MID" means an amount equal to (a) the sum of the 
bid price and the ask price, in each case for the relevant Share at the relevant time, (b) 
divided by two. 
"Insolvency" means that by reason of the voluntary or involuntary liquidation, 
bankruptcy, insolvency, dissolution or winding-up of or any analogous proceeding 
affecting a Basket Company or Share Company, as the case may be, (i) all the Shares of 
that Basket Company or Share Company, as the case may be, are required to be transferred 
to a trustee, liquidator or other similar official or (ii) holders of the Shares of that Basket 
Company or Share Company, as the case may be, become legally prohibited from 
transferring them. 
"Listing Change" means, in respect of any relevant Shares, that such Shares cease (or will 
cease) to be listed, traded or publicly quoted on the listing compartment or the relevant 
market of the Exchange on which such Shares were listed, traded or publicly quoted on 
the Issue Date, for any reason (other than a Merger Event or Tender Event or where this 
is a De-Listing). 
"Listing Suspension" means, in respect of any relevant Shares, that the listing of such 
Shares on the Exchange has been suspended (other than where this is a De-Listing). 
"Merger Event" means, in respect of any relevant Shares, any (i) reclassification or 
change of such Shares that results in a transfer of or an irrevocable commitment to transfer 
all of such Shares outstanding to another entity or person, (ii) consolidation, 
amalgamation, merger or binding share exchange of a Basket Company or Share 
Company, as the case may be, with or into another entity or person (other than a 
consolidation, amalgamation, merger or binding share exchange in which such Basket 
Company or Share Company, as the case may be, is the continuing entity and which does 
not result in a reclassification or change of all of such Shares outstanding), (iii) takeover 
offer, tender offer, exchange offer, solicitation, proposal or other event by any entity or 
person to purchase or otherwise obtain 100% of the outstanding Shares of the Basket 
Company or Share Company, as the case may be, that results in a transfer of or an 
irrevocable commitment to transfer all such Shares (other than such Shares owned or 
controlled by such other entity or person), or (iv) consolidation, amalgamation, merger or 
binding share exchange of the Basket Company or its subsidiaries or the Share Company 
or its subsidiaries, as the case may be, with or into another entity in which the Basket 
Company or Share Company, as the case may be, is the continuing entity and which does 
not result in a reclassification or change of all such Shares outstanding but results in the 
outstanding Shares (other than Shares owned or controlled by such other entity) 
immediately prior to such event collectively representing less than 50% of the outstanding 
Shares immediately following such event, in each case if the relevant Extraordinary Event 
Effective Date is on or before (a) in the case of Cash Settled Notes, the latest of the last 
occurring Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date, Knock-in Determination Day or 
Knock-out Determination Day, Observation Date or Valuation Date or, where Averaging 
is specified in the Issue Terms, the final Averaging Date or (b) in the case of Physically 
Settled Notes, the relevant Maturity Date. 
"Nationalisation" means that all the Shares or all or substantially all the assets of the 
Basket Company or Share Company, as the case may be, are nationalised, expropriated or 
are otherwise transferred to any governmental agency, authority, entity or instrumentality 
thereof. 
"Tender Offer" means a takeover offer, tender offer, exchange offer, solicitation, 
proposal or other event by any entity or person that results in such entity or person 
purchasing, or otherwise obtaining or having the right to obtain, by conversion or other 
means, greater than 30% and less than 100% (the "Percentage Range") of the outstanding 
voting shares of the Basket Company or Share Company, as the case may be, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent, based upon the making of filings with governmental 
or self-regulatory agencies or such other information as the Calculation Agent deems 
relevant.

--- Page 185 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR EQUITY LINKED NOTES 
 
- 170 - 
 
 
(c) 
Consequences of the occurrence of an Extraordinary Event: 
If an Extraordinary Event occurs in relation to a Share, the Issuer in its sole and absolute 
discretion may take the action described in (i), (ii), (iii), (iv) (if applicable), (v) or, in the 
case of Notes relating to a Basket of Shares only, (vi) below: 
(i) 
require the Calculation Agent to determine in its sole and absolute discretion the 
appropriate adjustment, if any, to be made to any one or more of any Relevant 
Asset and/or the Entitlement (in each case where the Notes are Physically Settled 
Notes) and/or the Weighting and/or any of the other terms of the General 
Conditions, these Equity Linked Conditions and/or the Issue Terms to account for 
the relevant Extraordinary Event, and determine the effective date of that 
adjustment. The relevant adjustments may include, without limitation, 
adjustments to account for changes in volatility, expected dividends, stock loan 
rate or liquidity relevant to the Shares or to the Notes. The Calculation Agent may 
(but need not) determine the appropriate adjustment by reference to the 
adjustment in respect of the relevant Extraordinary Event made by any options 
exchange to options on the Shares traded on that options exchange. In addition, 
in relation to a Basket of Shares, the Calculation Agent may adjust the Basket of 
Shares in accordance with the provisions of sub-paragraph (vi) below; 
(ii) 
in the case of Equity Linked Notes relating to a Basket of Shares, redeem the 
Notes in part by giving notice to Noteholders in accordance with General 
Condition 12. If the Notes are so redeemed in part the portion (the "Redeemed 
Amount") of each Note representing the affected Share(s) shall be redeemed and 
the Issuer will: 
pay to each Noteholder in respect of each Note held by him an amount equal to 
the fair market value of the Redeemed Amount, taking into account the relevant 
Extraordinary Event, less the cost to the Issuer and/or its Affiliates of unwinding 
any underlying related hedging arrangements, all as determined by the 
Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion; and 
require the Calculation Agent to determine in its sole and absolute discretion the 
appropriate adjustment, if any, to be made to any one or more of any Relevant 
Asset and/or the Entitlement (in each case where the Notes are Physically Settled 
Notes) and/or the Weighting and/or any of the other terms of the General 
Conditions, these Equity Linked Conditions and/or the Issue Terms to account for 
such redemption in part. For the avoidance of doubt the remaining part of each 
Note after such cancellation and adjustment shall remain outstanding with full 
force and effect. Payments will be made in such manner as shall be notified to the 
Noteholders in accordance with General Condition 12; 
(iii) 
unless Delayed Redemption on the Occurrence of an Extraordinary Event is 
specified as being applicable in the Issue Terms, on giving notice to Noteholders 
in accordance with General Condition 12, redeem all but not some only of the 
Notes, each Note being redeemed by payment of an amount equal to the fair 
market value of a Note taking into account the relevant Extraordinary Event, less 
the cost to the Issuer and/or its Affiliates of unwinding any underlying related 
hedging arrangements (the "Calculated Extraordinary Event Amount"), all as 
determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion. Payments 
will be made in such manner as shall be notified to the Noteholders in accordance 
with General Condition 12; 
(iv) 
if Delayed Redemption on the Occurrence of an Extraordinary Event is specified 
as being applicable in the Issue Terms, require the Calculation Agent to calculate 
the Calculated Extraordinary Event Amount as soon as practicable following the 
occurrence of the relevant Extraordinary Event (the "Calculated Extraordinary 
Event Amount Determination Date") and on the Maturity Date shall redeem 
each Note at an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent equal to (x) the 
Calculated Extraordinary Event Amount plus interest accrued on the Calculated

--- Page 186 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR EQUITY LINKED NOTES 
 
- 171 - 
 
 
Extraordinary Event Amount on a daily basis from and including the Calculated 
Extraordinary Event Amount Determination Date to but excluding the Maturity 
Date, each such daily accrual rate being at a rate equal to Issuer's funding cost on 
or about the relevant day or (y) if greater, its nominal amount; 
(v) 
following such adjustment to the settlement terms of options on the Shares traded 
on such exchange(s) or quotation system(s) as the Issuer in its sole discretion shall 
select (the "Options Exchange"), require the Calculation Agent to make a 
corresponding adjustment to any one or more of any Relevant Asset and/or the 
Entitlement (in each case where the Notes are Physically Notes) and/or the 
Weighting and/or any of the other terms of the General Conditions, these Equity 
Linked Conditions and/or the Issue Terms, which adjustment will be effective as 
of the date determined by the Calculation Agent to be the effective date of the 
corresponding adjustment made by the Options Exchange. If options on the 
Shares are not traded on the Options Exchange, the Calculation Agent will make 
such adjustment, if any, to any one or more of any Relevant Asset and/or the 
Entitlement (in each case where the Notes are Physically Settled Notes) and/or 
the Weighting and/or any of the other terms of the General Conditions, these 
Equity Linked Conditions and/or the Issue Terms as the Calculation Agent in its 
sole and absolute discretion determines appropriate, with reference to the rules 
and precedents (if any) set by the Options Exchange to account for the relevant 
Extraordinary Event, that in the determination of the Calculation Agent would 
have given rise to an adjustment by the Options Exchange if such options were 
so traded; or 
(vi) 
on or after the relevant Extraordinary Event Effective Date, require the 
Calculation Agent to adjust the Basket of Shares to include a Share selected by it 
in accordance with the criteria for Share selection set out below (each, a 
"Substitute Share") for each Share (each, an "Affected Share") of each Basket 
Company (each, an "Affected Basket Company") which is affected by such 
Extraordinary Event and the Substitute Share will be deemed to be a "Share", and 
the issuer of such shares a "Basket Company", for the purposes of the Notes, and 
the Calculation Agent will make such adjustment, if any, to any one or more of 
any Relevant Asset and/or the Entitlement (in each case where the Notes are 
Physically Settled Notes) and/or the Weighting and/or any of the other terms of 
the General Conditions, these Equity Linked Conditions and/or the Issue Terms 
as the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion determines appropriate, 
provided that in the event that any amount payable under the Notes was to be 
determined by reference to an initial price (the "Initial Price") of the Affected 
Share, the relevant Initial Price of each Substitute Share will be determined by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Initial Price ൌA ൈሺB/Cሻ 
where: 
"A" is the official closing price of the relevant Substitute Share on the relevant 
Exchange on the Substitution Date; 
"B" is the Initial Price of the relevant Affected Share; and 
"C" is the fair market value of the relevant Affected Share on the Substitution 
Date (which may, where available, be determined by reference to the official 
closing price of the Affected Share on the relevant Exchange and/or such other 
source(s) as the Calculation Agent determines appropriate). 
Such substitution and the relevant adjustment to the Basket of Shares will be 
deemed to be effective as of the date selected by the Calculation Agent (the 
"Substitution Date") in its sole and absolute discretion and specified in the notice 
referred to below which may, but need not, be the relevant Extraordinary Event 
Effective Date.

--- Page 187 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR EQUITY LINKED NOTES 
 
- 172 - 
 
 
The Weighting of each Substitute Share in the Basket of Shares will be equal to 
the Weighting of the relevant Affected Share. 
In order to be selected as a Substitute Share, the relevant share must satisfy the 
following criteria, in the sole and absolute discretion of the Calculation Agent: 
(A) 
where the relevant Extraordinary Event is a Merger Event or a Tender 
Offer and the relevant share is not already included in the Basket of 
Shares, the relevant share shall be an ordinary share of the entity or 
person (other than the Affected Basket Company) involved in the Merger 
Event or the making of the Tender Offer, that is, or that as of the relevant 
Extraordinary Event Effective Date (i) is promptly scheduled to be, 
publicly quoted, traded or listed on an exchange or quotation system 
located in the same country as the relevant Exchange (or, where the 
relevant Exchange is within the European Union, in any member state of 
the European Union) and (ii) is not subject to any currency exchange 
controls, trading restrictions or other trading limitations; or 
(B) 
where (A) above does not apply, including in the case of an Extraordinary 
Event other than a Merger Event or a Tender Offer: 
(1) 
the issuer of the share shall, to the extent possible, belong to the 
same economic sector as the Affected Basket Company and 
shall not already be included in the Basket of Shares; and 
(2) 
the issuer of the share shall, to the extent possible, have a 
comparable market capitalisation, international standing and 
exposure as the Affected Basket Company in respect of the 
Affected Share. 
Upon the occurrence of an Extraordinary Event, if the Calculation Agent determines that 
an adjustment in accordance with the above provisions is necessary it shall notify the 
Issuer thereof as soon as practicable, and the Issuer shall give notice as soon as practicable 
to the Noteholders in accordance with General Condition 12 stating the occurrence of the 
Extraordinary Event, giving details thereof and the action proposed to be taken in relation 
thereto, including, in the case of a Share Substitution, the identity of the Substitute Shares 
and the Substitution Date, provided that any failure to give, or non-receipt of, such notice 
will not affect the validity of any such Extraordinary Event or the proposed action. 
4. 
Correction of Share Price 
With the exception of any corrections published after the day which is three Exchange Business 
Days prior to the due date for any payment under the Notes calculated by reference to the price of 
a Share, if the relevant price of the relevant Share published on a given day and used or to be used 
by the Calculation Agent to make any determination under the Notes is subsequently corrected and 
the correction is published by the relevant Exchange within the number of days equal to the Share 
Correction Period of the original publication, the price to be used shall be the price of the relevant 
Share as so corrected. Corrections published after the day which is three Exchange Business Days 
prior to a due date for payment under the Notes calculated by reference to the price of a Share will 
be disregarded by the Calculation Agent for the purposes of determining the relevant amount to be 
paid. 
5. 
Additional Disruption Events 
(a) 
If an Additional Disruption Event occurs, the Issuer in its sole and absolute discretion may 
take the action described in (i), (ii) or if applicable (iii) or, in the case of Notes linked to a 
Basket of Shares only, (iv) below: 
(i) 
require the Calculation Agent to determine in its sole and absolute discretion the 
appropriate adjustment, if any, to be made to any one or more of any Relevant 
Asset and/or the Entitlement (in each case with respect to Physically Settled Notes) 
and/or the Weighting and/or any of the other terms of the General Conditions,

--- Page 188 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR EQUITY LINKED NOTES 
 
- 173 - 
 
 
these Equity Linked Conditions and/or the Issue Terms to account for the 
Additional Disruption Event and determine the effective date of that adjustment; 
or 
(ii) 
unless Delayed Redemption on Occurrence of Additional Disruption Event is 
specified as being applicable in the Issue Terms, redeem the Notes by giving 
notice to Noteholders in accordance with General Condition 12. If the Notes are 
so redeemed the Issuer will pay an amount to each Noteholder in respect of each 
Note held by him which amount shall be the fair market value of a Note taking 
into account the Additional Disruption Event less the cost to the Issuer and/or its 
Affiliates of unwinding any underlying related hedging arrangements (the 
"Calculated Additional Disruption Amount"), all as determined by the 
Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion. Payments will be made in 
such manner as shall be notified to the Noteholders in accordance with General 
Condition 12; or 
(iii) 
if Delayed Redemption on Occurrence of Additional Disruption Event is specified 
as being applicable in the Issue Terms, require the Calculation Agent to calculate 
the Calculated Additional Disruption Amount as soon as practicable following 
the occurrence of the Additional Disruption Event (the "Calculated Additional 
Disruption Amount Determination Date") and on the Maturity Date shall 
redeem each Note at an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent equal to (x) 
the Calculated Additional Disruption Amount plus interest accrued on the 
Calculated Additional Disruption Amount on a daily basis from and including the 
Calculated Additional Disruption Amount Determination Date to but excluding 
the Maturity Date, each such daily accrual being at a rate equal to Issuer's funding 
cost on or about the relevant day or (y) if greater its nominal amount; or 
(iv) 
in the case of Notes linked to a Basket of Shares, require Calculation Agent to 
adjust the Basket of Shares to include a Share selected by it in accordance with 
the criteria for Share selection set out below (each a "Substitute Share") for each 
Share (each an "Affected Share") which is affected by the Additional Disruption 
Event and the Substitute Share will be deemed to be a "Share" and the issuer of 
such shares a "Basket Company" for the purposes of the Notes, and the 
Calculation Agent will make such adjustment, if any, to any one or more of any 
Relevant Asset and/or the Entitlement (where the Notes are Physically Settled 
Notes) and/or the Weighting and/or any of the other terms of the General 
Conditions, these Equity Linked Conditions and/or the Issue Terms as the 
Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion determines appropriate, 
provided that in the event that any amount payable under the Notes was to be 
determined by reference to an initial price (the "Initial Price") of the Affected 
Share, the Initial Price of each Substitute Share will be determined by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Initial Price ൌA ൈሺB/Cሻ 
where: 
"A" is the official closing price of the relevant Substitute Share on the relevant 
Exchange on the Substitution Date; 
"B" is the Initial Price of the relevant Affected Share; and 
"C" is the fair market value of the relevant Affected Share on the Substitution 
Date (which may, where available, be determined by reference to the official 
closing price of the Affected Share on the relevant Exchange and/or such other 
source(s) as the Calculation Agent determines appropriate). 
Such substitution and the relevant adjustment to the Basket of Shares will be 
deemed to be effective as of the date selected by the Calculation Agent (the 
"Substitution Date") in its sole and absolute discretion and specified in the notice

--- Page 189 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR EQUITY LINKED NOTES 
 
- 174 - 
 
 
referred to below which may, but need not, be the relevant date of the Additional 
Disruption Event. 
The Weighting of each Substitute Share in the Basket of Shares will be equal to 
the Weighting of the relevant Affected Share. 
In order to be selected as a Substitute Share, the relevant share must be a share 
which, in the sole and absolute discretion of the Calculation Agent: 
(i) 
is not already included in the Basket of Shares; 
(ii) 
the Issuer of such share belongs to the same economic sector as the 
Basket Company in respect of the Affected Share; and 
(iii) 
the Issuer of such share has a comparable market capitalisation, 
international standing and exposure as the Basket Company in respect of 
the Affected Share. 
(b) 
Upon the occurrence of an Additional Disruption Event, if the Calculation Agent 
determines that an adjustment in accordance with the above provisions is necessary it shall 
notify the Issuer as soon as practicable and the Issuer shall give notice as soon as 
practicable to the Noteholders in accordance with General Condition 12 stating the 
occurrence of the Additional Disruption Event, giving details thereof and the action 
proposed to be taken in relation thereto, provided that any failure to give, or non-receipt 
of, such notice will not affect the validity of the Additional Disruption Event or the 
proposed action. 
6. 
Knock-in Event and Knock-out Event 
(a) 
This Equity Linked Condition 6 is applicable only if: 
(i) 
Knock-in Event is specified as applicable in the Issue Terms, in which case any 
payment under the Notes which is expressed to be subject to a Knock-in Event 
shall be conditional upon the occurrence of such Knock-in Event; or 
(ii) 
Knock-out Event is specified as applicable in the Issue Terms, in which case any 
payment under the relevant Notes which is expressed to be subject to a Knock-
out Event shall be conditional upon the occurrence of such Knock-out Event. 
(b) 
If the Knock-in Valuation Time or the Knock-out Valuation Time specified in the Issue 
Terms is the Valuation Time and if on any Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out 
Determination Day at any time during the one hour period that begins or ends at the 
Valuation Time a Knock-in Event or a Knock-out Event would otherwise have occurred 
and a Trading Disruption, Exchange Disruption or Early Closure occurs or exists, then the 
Knock-in Event or the Knock-out Event shall be deemed not to have occurred; provided 
that if, by operation of this provision, no Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out 
Determination Day would occur in the Knock-in Determination Period or Knock-out 
Determination Period, the Knock-in Period Ending Date or Knock-out Period Ending Date 
shall be treated as a Valuation Date and the Calculation Agent shall determine the price of 
each affected Share as at the Knock-in Valuation Time or Knock-out Valuation Time in 
accordance with the provisions contained in the definition of Valuation Date. 
(c) 
If the Knock-in Valuation Time or the Knock-out Valuation Time specified in the Issue 
Terms is any time or period of time other than the Valuation Time during the regular 
trading hours on the relevant Exchange and if on any Knock-in Determination Day or 
Knock-out Determination Day and at any time during the one hour period that begins or 
ends at the time at which the price of the Share would otherwise have triggered the Knock-
in Event or the Knock-out Event, a Trading Disruption, Exchange Disruption or Early 
Closure occurs or exists, then the Knock-in Event or the Knock-out Event shall be deemed 
not to have occurred, provided that if, by operation of this provision no Knock-in 
Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day would occur in the Knock-in 
Determination Period or Knock-out Determination period, the Knock-in Period Ending

--- Page 190 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR EQUITY LINKED NOTES 
 
- 175 - 
 
 
Date or Knock-out Period Ending Date shall be treated as a Valuation Date and the 
Calculation Agent shall determine the price of each affected Share as at the Knock-in 
Valuation Time or Knock-out Valuation Time in accordance with the provisions contained 
in the definition of Valuation Date. 
7. 
Automatic Early Redemption Event 
If "Automatic Early Redemption Event" is specified as applicable in the Issue Terms, then, 
unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, if (i) on any Automatic Early Redemption 
Valuation Date (ii) in respect of an Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Period if on any or all 
Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date(s), as specified in the Issue Terms, an Automatic 
Early Redemption Event occurs, the Notes will be automatically redeemed in whole, but not in 
part, on the Automatic Early Redemption Date immediately following such Automatic Early 
Redemption Valuation Date or Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Period, as applicable and 
the Issuer shall redeem each Note of a nominal amount equal to the Calculation Amount at an 
amount equal to the relevant Automatic Early Redemption Amount. 
8. 
Definitions 
"Additional Disruption Event" means any of Change of Law, Failure to Deliver, Hedging 
Disruption, Increased Cost of Hedging, Increased Cost of Stock Borrow, Insolvency Filing, Stop-
Loss Event and/or Loss of Stock Borrow, in each case if specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Affiliate" means in relation to any entity (the "First Entity"), any entity controlled, directly or 
indirectly, by the First Entity, any entity that controls, directly or indirectly, the First Entity or any 
entity directly or indirectly under common control with the First Entity. For these purposes control 
means ownership of a majority of the voting power of an entity. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Amount" an amount, in respect of each nominal amount of Notes 
equal to the Calculation Amount, being the Automatic Early Redemption Payout set out in the 
Issue Terms. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Date" means each date specified as such in the Issue Terms, or if 
such date is not a Business Day, the next following Business Day and no Noteholder shall be 
entitled to any interest or further payment in respect of any such delay. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Event" means the AER Value is (A): 
(i) 
greater than; 
(ii) 
greater than or equal to; 
(iii) 
less than; or 
(iv) 
less than or equal to, 
the Automatic Early Redemption Price, 
(i), (ii), (iii) or (iv) applying or (B) within or outside the Automatic Early Redemption Range, as 
specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Payout" is as specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Price" means the price, amount, percentage or number specified 
as such in the Issue Terms, subject to adjustment as provided in these Equity Linked Conditions. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Range" means the range of prices, amounts, percentages or 
numbers specified as such or otherwise determined in the applicable Issue Terms, subject to 
adjustment from time to time in accordance with the provisions set forth in these Equity Linked 
Conditions. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date" means each date specified as such in the Issue 
Terms or, if such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day

--- Page 191 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR EQUITY LINKED NOTES 
 
- 176 - 
 
 
unless, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, such day is a Disrupted Day. If any such day is a 
Disrupted Day, then the corresponding provisions in the definition of Valuation Date shall apply 
mutatis mutandis as if references in such provisions to Valuation Date were to Automatic Early 
Redemption Valuation Date. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Period" means each period specified as such in the 
Issue Terms. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Time" has the meaning given it in the Issue Terms. 
"AER Value" has the meaning given to it in the Issue Terms, being a term defined in Payout 
Condition 5.2. 
"Averaging Date" means each date specified as an Averaging Date in the Issue Terms or, if any 
such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the immediately following Scheduled Trading Day 
unless, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent any such day is a Disrupted Day. If any such day is 
a Disrupted Day, then: 
(a) 
If "Omission" is specified as applying in the Issue Terms, then such date will be deemed 
not to be an Averaging Date for the purposes of determining the relevant Settlement Price 
provided that if through the operation of this provision no Averaging Dates would occur, 
then the provisions of the definition of Valuation Date will apply for purposes of 
determining the relevant level, price or amount on the final Averaging Date as if such 
Averaging Date were a Valuation Date that was a Disrupted Day; or 
(b) 
if "Postponement" is specified as applying in the Issue Terms, then the provisions of the 
definition of Valuation Date will apply for the purposes of determining the relevant level, 
price or amount on that Averaging Date as if such Averaging Date were a Valuation Date 
that was a Disrupted Day irrespective of whether, pursuant to such determination, that 
deferred Averaging Date would fall on a day that already is or is deemed to be an 
Averaging Date; or 
(c) 
if "Modified Postponement" is specified as applying in the Issue Terms then: 
(i) 
where the Notes are Equity Linked Notes relating to a single share, the Averaging 
Date shall be the first succeeding Valid Date (as defined in (iii) below). If the first 
succeeding Valid Date has not occurred for a number of consecutive Scheduled 
Trading Days equal to the Specified Maximum Days of Disruption immediately 
following the original date that, but for the occurrence of another Averaging Date 
or Disrupted Day, would have been the relevant Averaging Date, then (A) that 
last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the Averaging 
Date (irrespective of whether such Scheduled Trading Day is already an 
Averaging Date), and (B) the Calculation Agent shall determine the relevant level 
or price for that Averaging Date in accordance with sub-paragraph (b) of the 
definition of Valuation Date below; 
(ii) 
where the Notes are Equity Linked Notes relating to a Basket of Shares, the 
Averaging Date for each Share shall be the first succeeding Valid Date in relation 
to every Share forming part of the Basket of Shares. If the first succeeding Valid 
Date in relation to every Share forming part of the Basket of Shares has not 
occurred for a number of consecutive Scheduled Trading Days equal to the 
Specified Maximum Days of Disruption immediately following the original date 
that, but for the occurrence of another Averaging Date or Disrupted Day, would 
have been the relevant Averaging Date, then (A) such Scheduled Trading Day 
shall be deemed to be the Averaging Date (irrespective of whether that last such 
consecutive Scheduled Trading Day is already an Averaging Date) in respect of 
every Share, and (B) the Calculation Agent shall determine the relevant level, 
price or amount for that Averaging Date in accordance with sub-paragraph (b) of 
the definition of Valuation Date below; and

--- Page 192 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR EQUITY LINKED NOTES 
 
- 177 - 
 
 
(iii) 
for the purposes of these Terms and Conditions, "Valid Date" means a Scheduled 
Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day and on which another Averaging Date 
does not occur. 
"Basket Company" means each company specified as such in the Issue Terms and 
"Basket Companies" means all such companies. 
"Basket of Shares" means (i) a basket composed of Shares of each Basket Company specified in 
the Issue Terms in the Weightings or numbers of Shares of each Basket Company specified in the 
Issue Terms. 
"Change of Law" means that, on or after the Trade Date (as specified in the Issue Terms) (i) due 
to the adoption of or any change in any applicable law or regulation (including, without limitation, 
any tax law), or (ii) due to the promulgation of or any change in the interpretation by any court, 
tribunal or regulatory authority with competent jurisdiction of any applicable law or regulation 
(including any action taken by a taxing authority), the Issuer determines in its sole and absolute 
discretion that (A) it has become illegal to hold, acquire or dispose of any relevant Share and/or 
(B) it will incur a materially increased cost in performing its obligations in relation to the Equity 
Linked Notes (including, without limitation, due to any increase in tax liability, decrease in tax 
benefit or other adverse effect on the tax position of the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates). 
"Clearance System" means the principal domestic clearance system customarily used for settling 
trades in the relevant Share. 
"Clearance System Business Days" means, in respect of a Clearance System, any day on which 
such Clearance System is (or, but for the occurrence of an event which results in the Clearance 
System being unable to clear the transfer of a relevant security would have been) open for the 
acceptance and execution of settlement instructions. 
"Coupon Valuation Time" means the time specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Disrupted Day" means any Scheduled Trading Day on which: 
(a) 
a relevant Exchange or any Related Exchange fails to open for trading during its regular 
trading session; 
(b) 
a Market Disruption Event has occurred; or 
(c) 
where Exchange Business Day (Cross Asset Basis) and Scheduled Trading Day (Cross 
Asset Basis) are specified as applicable in the Issue Terms for (i) Equity Linked Notes and 
(ii) Index Linked Notes and/or Fund Linked Notes, a Disrupted Day occurs under and as 
defined in the Index Linked Conditions and/or Fund Linked Conditions. 
"Early Closure" means the closure on any Exchange Business Day of relevant Exchange(s) or any 
Related Exchange(s) prior to its Scheduled Closing Time unless such earlier closing time is 
announced by such Exchange(s) or Related Exchange(s) at least one hour prior to the earlier of (i) 
the actual closing time for the regular trading session on such Exchange(s) or Related Exchange(s) 
on such Exchange Business Day and (ii) the submission deadline for orders to be entered into the 
Exchange or Related Exchange system for execution at the "Valuation Time" on such Exchange 
Business Day. 
"Exchange" means, in respect of a Share, each exchange or quotation system specified as such for 
such Share in the Issue Terms, any successor to such exchange or quotation system or any 
substitute exchange or quotation system to which trading in the Share has temporarily relocated 
(provided that the Calculation Agent has determined that there is comparable liquidity relative to 
such Share on such temporary substitute exchange or quotation system as on the original 
Exchange). 
"Exchange Business Day" means either (i) in the case of a single Share, Exchange Business Day 
(Single Share Basis) or (ii) in the case of a basket of Shares or other assets, (a) Exchange Business

--- Page 193 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR EQUITY LINKED NOTES 
 
- 178 - 
 
 
Day (All Shares Basis) or (b) Exchange Business Day (Per Share Basis) or (c) Exchange Business 
Day (Cross Asset Basis), in each case as specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Exchange Business Day (All Shares Basis)" means, in respect of a Basket of Shares, any 
Scheduled Trading Day on which each Exchange and each Related Exchange are open for trading 
in respect of all Shares comprised in the Basket of Shares during their respective regular trading 
sessions, notwithstanding any such Exchange or Related Exchange closing prior to its Scheduled 
Closing Time. 
"Exchange Business Day (Cross Asset Basis)" means, in respect of a basket of assets, any 
Scheduled Trading Day on which each relevant Exchange and each Related Exchange (if any) in 
respect of all Shares comprised in the basket of assets is open for trading during its regular trading 
session (notwithstanding any such relevant Exchange or Related Exchange closing prior to its 
Scheduled Closing Time) which is also an Exchange Business Day under and as defined in the 
Index Linked Conditions and/or the Fund Linked Conditions. 
"Exchange Business Day (Per Share Basis)" means, in respect of a Share, any Scheduled Trading 
Day on which the relevant Exchange and Related Exchange in respect of such Share is open for 
trading during its respective regular trading session, notwithstanding any such Related Exchange 
closing prior to its Scheduled Closing Time. 
"Exchange Business Day (Single Share Basis)" means any Scheduled Trading Day on which the 
relevant Exchange and the relevant Related Exchange, if any, are open for trading during their 
respective regular trading session(s), notwithstanding any such relevant Exchange or relevant 
Related Exchange closing prior to their Scheduled Closing Time. 
"Exchange Disruption" means, any event (other than an Early Closure) that disrupts or impairs 
(as determined by the Calculation Agent) the ability of market participants in general (i) to effect 
transactions in, or obtain market values for, the Shares on the relevant Exchange or (ii) to effect 
transactions in, or obtain market values for, futures or options contracts relating to the relevant 
Share on any relevant Related Exchange. 
"Extraordinary Event Effective Date" means, in respect of an Extraordinary Event, the date on 
which such Extraordinary Event occurs, as determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole and 
absolute discretion. 
"Failure to Deliver" means failure of the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates to deliver, when due, 
the Relevant Assets comprising the Entitlement, where such failure to deliver is due to illiquidity 
in the market for such Shares. 
"Hedging Disruption" means that the Issuer or any of its Affiliates is unable, after using 
commercially reasonable efforts, to (i) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind 
or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge the equity price risk or any 
other relevant price risk including but not limited to the currency risk of the Issuer issuing and 
performing its obligations with respect to the Notes, or (ii) freely realise, recover, remit, receive, 
repatriate or transfer the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s). 
"Hedging Shares" means the number of Shares that the Issuer or any of its Affiliates deems 
necessary to hedge the equity or other price risk of entering into and performing its obligations 
with respect to the Notes. 
"Increased Cost of Hedging" means that the Issuer or any of its Affiliates would incur a materially 
increased (as compared with circumstances existing on the Trade Date) amount of tax, duty, 
expense or fee (other than brokerage commissions) to (i) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, 
maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge the market 
risk (including, without limitation, equity price risk, foreign exchange risk and interest rate risk) 
of the Issuer, issuing and performing its obligations with respect to the Notes, or (ii) realise, recover 
or remit the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s), provided that any such materially 
increased amount that is incurred solely due to the deterioration of the creditworthiness of the 
Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates shall not be deemed an Increased Cost of Hedging.

--- Page 194 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR EQUITY LINKED NOTES 
 
- 179 - 
 
 
"Increased Cost of Stock Borrow" means that the Issuer or any of its Affiliates would incur a rate 
to borrow any Share that is greater than the Initial Stock Loan Rate. 
"Initial Stock Loan Rate" means, in respect of a Share, the initial stock loan rate specified in 
relation to such Share in the Issue Terms. 
"Insolvency Filing" means that a Share Company or Basket Company institutes or has instituted 
against it by a regulator, supervisor or any similar official with primary insolvency, rehabilitative 
or regulatory jurisdiction over it in the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organisation or the 
jurisdiction of its head or home office, or it consents to a proceeding seeking a judgment of 
insolvency or bankruptcy or any other relief under any bankruptcy or insolvency law or other 
similar law affecting creditors' rights, or a petition is presented for its winding-up or liquidation by 
it or such regulator, supervisor or similar official or it consents to such a petition, provided that 
proceedings instituted or petitions presented by creditors and not consented to by the Share 
Company or Basket Company shall not be deemed an Insolvency Filing. 
"Knock-in Determination Day" means the date(s) specified as such in the Issue Terms, or 
otherwise each Scheduled Trading Day during the Knock-in Determination Period. 
"Knock-in Determination Period" means the period which commences on, and includes, the 
Knock-in Period Beginning Date and ends on, and includes, the Knock-in Period Ending Date. 
"Knock-in Event" means the Knock-in Value is (A): 
(i) 
greater than; 
(ii) 
greater than or equal to; 
(iii) 
less than; or 
(iv) 
less than or equal to, 
the Knock-in Price or (B) within or outside the Knock-in Range (x) on a Knock-in Determination 
Day or (y) in respect of any Knock-in Determination Period, as specified in the Issue Terms, 
"Knock-in Period Beginning Date" means the date specified as such in the Issue Terms or, if the 
Knock-in Period Beginning Date Scheduled Trading Day Convention is specified as applicable in 
the Issue Terms and such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled 
Trading Day. 
"Knock-in Period Ending Date" means the date specified as such in the Issue Terms or, if the 
Knock-in Period Ending Date Scheduled Trading Day Convention is specified as applicable in the 
Issue Terms and such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading 
Day. 
"Knock-in Price" means the price, amount, percentage or number specified as such in the Issue 
Terms, subject to adjustment from time to time in accordance with the provisions of these Equity 
Linked Conditions. 
"Knock-in Range" means the range of prices, amounts, percentages or numbers specified as such 
or otherwise determined in the applicable Issue Terms, subject to adjustment from time to time in 
accordance with the provisions of these Equity Linked Conditions; 
"Knock-in Valuation Time" means the time or period of time on any Knock-in Determination 
Day specified as such in the Issue Terms or in the event that the Issue Terms do not specify a 
Knock-in Valuation Time, the Knock-in Valuation Time shall be the Valuation Time. 
"Knock-in Value" has the meaning given to it in the Issue Terms, being a term defined in Payout 
Condition 5.2. 
"Knock-out Determination Day" means the date(s) specified as such in the Issue Terms, or 
otherwise each Scheduled Trading Day during the Knock-out Determination Period.

--- Page 195 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR EQUITY LINKED NOTES 
 
- 180 - 
 
 
"Knock-out Determination Period" means the period which commences on, and includes, the 
Knock-out Period Beginning Date and ends on, and includes, the Knock-out Period Ending Date. 
"Knock-out Event" means the Knock-out Value is (A): 
(i) 
greater than; 
(ii) 
greater than or equal to; 
(iii) 
less than; or 
(iv) 
less than or equal to, 
the Knock-out Price or (B) within or outside the Knock-out Range (x) on a Knock-in Determination 
Day or (y) in respect of any Knock-in Determination Period, as specified in the Issue Terms, 
"Knock-out Period Beginning Date" means the date specified as such in the Issue Terms or, if 
the Knock-out Period Beginning Date Scheduled Trading Day Convention is specified as 
applicable in the Issue Terms and such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following 
Scheduled Trading Day. 
"Knock-out Period Ending Date" means the date specified as such in the Issue Terms or, if the 
Knock-out Period Ending Date Scheduled Trading Day Convention is specified as applicable in 
the Issue Terms and such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled 
Trading Day. 
"Knock-out Price" means the price, amount, percentage or number specified as such in the Issue 
Terms subject to adjustment from time to time in accordance with the provisions of these Equity 
Linked Conditions. 
"Knock-out Range" means the range of prices, amounts, percentages or numbers specified as such 
or otherwise determined in the applicable Issue Terms, subject to adjustment from time to time in 
accordance with the provisions of these Equity Linked Conditions. 
"Knock-out Value" has the meaning given to it in the Issue Terms, being a term defined in Payout 
Condition 5.2. 
"Knock-out Valuation Time" means the time or period of time on any Knock-out Determination 
Day specified as such in the Issue Terms or in the event that the Issue Terms do not specify a 
Knock-out Valuation Time, the Knock-out Valuation Time shall be the Valuation Time. 
"Loss of Stock Borrow" means that the Issuer and/or any Affiliate is unable, after using 
commercially reasonable efforts, to borrow (or maintain a borrowing of) any Share in an amount 
equal to the Hedging Shares at a rate equal to or less than the Maximum Stock Loan Rate. 
"Market Disruption Event" means, in relation to Equity Linked Notes relating to a single Share 
or a Basket of Shares, in respect of a Share, the occurrence or existence of (i) a Trading Disruption, 
(ii) an Exchange Disruption, which in either case the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute 
discretion, determines is material, at any time during the one hour period that (a) for the purposes 
of the occurrence of a Knock-in Event or a Knock-out Event, begins or ends at the time when the 
level of the relevant Share triggers respectively the occurrence of the Knock-in Event or the Knock-
out Event or (b) in all other circumstances that ends at the relevant Valuation Time, or (iii) an Early 
Closure. 
"Maximum Stock Loan Rate" means, in respect of a Share, the Maximum Stock Loan Rate 
specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Observation Date" means each date specified as an Observation Date in the Issue Terms, or if 
any such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the immediately following Scheduled Trading Day 
unless, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, any such day is a Disrupted Day. If any such day 
is a Disrupted Day, then the provisions relating to Omission, Postponement or Modified

--- Page 196 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR EQUITY LINKED NOTES 
 
- 181 - 
 
 
Postponement, as the case may be, contained in the definition of Averaging Date shall apply 
mutatis mutandis as if references in such provisions to Averaging Date were to Observation Date. 
"Observation Period" means the period specified as the Observation Period in the Issue Terms. 
"Related Exchange" means, in relation to a Share, each exchange or quotation system on which 
option contracts or futures contracts relating to such Share are traded, or each exchange or 
quotation system specified as such for such Share in the Issue Terms, any successor to such 
exchange or quotation system or any substitute exchange or quotation system to which trading in 
futures or options contracts relating to such Share has temporarily relocated (provided that the 
Calculation Agent has determined that there is comparable liquidity relative to the futures or 
options contracts relating to such Share on such temporary substitute exchange or quotation system 
as on the original Related Exchange), provided that where "All Exchanges" is specified as the 
Related Exchange in the Issue Terms, "Related Exchange" shall mean each exchange or quotation 
system where trading has a material effect (as determined by the Calculation Agent) on the overall 
market for futures or options contracts relating to such Share. 
"Relevant Price" means, subject as referred to in relation to any Automatic Early Redemption 
Valuation Date, Averaging Date, Knock-in Determination Day, Knock-out Determination Day, 
Observation Date or Valuation Date, as the case may be, in the case of a Share, an amount equal 
to the official closing price (or the price at the Valuation Time on the relevant Settlement Price 
Date or Averaging Date, as the case may be, if so specified in the Issue Terms) quoted on the 
relevant Exchange for such Share on (i) if Averaging is not specified in the Issue Terms, the 
relevant Settlement Price Date, or (ii) if Averaging is specified in the Issue Terms, the relevant 
Averaging Date or if, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, any such official closing price (or 
the price at the Valuation Time on the relevant Settlement Price Date or such Averaging Date, as 
the case may be, if so specified in the Issue Terms) cannot be so determined and the relevant 
Settlement Price Date or Averaging Date, as the case may be, is not a Disrupted Day, an amount 
determined by the Calculation Agent to be equal to the arithmetic mean of the closing fair market 
buying price (or the fair market buying price at the Valuation Time on the relevant Settlement Price 
Date or such Averaging Date, as the case may be, if so specified in the Issue Terms) and the closing 
fair market selling price (or the fair market selling price at the Valuation Time on the relevant 
Settlement Price Date or Averaging Date, as the case may be, if so specified in the Issue Terms) 
for the Share based, at the Calculation Agent's discretion, either on the arithmetic mean of the 
foregoing prices or middle market quotations provided to it by two or more financial institutions 
(as selected by the Calculation Agent) engaged in the trading of the Share or on such other factors 
as the Calculation Agent shall decide. 
"Scheduled Closing Time" means, in respect of an Exchange or Related Exchange and a 
Scheduled Trading Day, the scheduled weekday closing time of such Exchange or Related 
Exchange on such Scheduled Trading Day, without regard to after hours or any other trading 
outside of the regular trading session hours subject as provided in Valuation Time below. 
"Scheduled Trading Day" means either (i) in the case of a single Share, Scheduled Trading Day 
(Single Share Basis) or (ii) in the case of a Basket of Shares, (a) Scheduled Trading Day (All Shares 
Basis) or (b) Scheduled Trading Day (Per Share Basis) or (c) Scheduled Trading Day (Cross Asset 
Basis), in each case as specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Scheduled Trading Day (All Shares Basis)" means, in respect of a Basket of Shares, any day on 
which each Exchange and each Related Exchange are scheduled to be open for trading in respect 
of all Shares comprised in the Basket of Shares for their respective regular trading sessions. 
"Scheduled Trading Day (Cross Asset Basis)" means, in respect of a basket of assets, any day 
on which each Exchange and each Related Exchange (if any) in respect of all Shares comprised in 
the basket of assets is scheduled to be open for trading for its regular trading session which is also 
a Scheduled Trading Day for the purpose of the Index Linked Conditions and/or the Fund Linked 
Conditions, as applicable. 
"Scheduled Trading Day (Per Share Basis)" means in respect of a Basket of Shares, any day on 
which the relevant Exchange and Related Exchange in respect of such Share are scheduled to be 
open for trading for their respective regular trading sessions.

--- Page 197 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR EQUITY LINKED NOTES 
 
- 182 - 
 
 
"Scheduled Trading Day (Single Share Basis)" means any day on which the relevant Exchange 
and the relevant Related Exchange are scheduled to be open for trading during their respective 
regular trading session(s). 
"Scheduled Valuation Date" means, in respect of a Share, any original date that, but for the 
occurrence of an event causing a Disrupted Day, would have been a Valuation Date. 
"Screen Page" means the page specified in the Issue Terms, or any successor page or service 
thereto. 
"Settlement Cycle" means, in respect of a Share, the period of Clearance System Business Days 
following a trade in the Share on the Exchange in which settlement will customarily occur 
according to the rules of such Exchange. 
"Settlement Price" means, subject as referred to in relation to any Automatic Early Redemption 
Valuation Date, Averaging Date, Knock-in Determination Day, Knock-out Determination Day, 
Observation Date or Valuation Date, as the case may be: 
(a) 
in the case of Equity Linked Notes relating to a single Share, (A) if Averaging is not 
specified in the Issue Terms, the Relevant Price for the relevant Settlement Price Date, or 
(B) if Averaging is specified in the Issue Terms, the arithmetic mean of the Relevant Prices 
of the Share on each Averaging Date, all as determined by or on behalf of the Calculation 
Agent in a commercially reasonable manner; and 
(b) 
in the case of Equity Linked Notes relating to a Basket of Shares, (A) if Averaging is not 
specified in the Issue Terms, the Relevant Price for the relevant Settlement Price Date, or 
(ii) if Averaging is specified in the Issue Terms, the arithmetic mean of the Relevant Prices 
for each Share in the Basket of Shares on each Averaging Date, all as determined by or on 
behalf of the Calculation Agent in a commercially reasonable manner. 
"Settlement Price Date" means any Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date, Coupon 
Valuation Date, Strike Date, Knock-in Determination Day, Knock-out Determination Day, 
Observation Date or Valuation Date, as the case may be. 
"Shares" and "Share" mean in the case of an issue of Notes relating to a Basket of Shares, each 
share and, in the case of an issue of Notes relating to a single Share, the share specified in the Issue 
Terms and related expressions shall be construed accordingly. 
"Share Company" means, in the case of an issue of Notes relating to a single Share, the company 
that has issued such Share. 
"Share Correction Period" means (i) the period specified in the Issue Terms, or (ii) if none is so 
specified, one Settlement Cycle. 
"Specified Maximum Days of Disruption" means five (5) Scheduled Trading Days or such other 
number of Scheduled Trading Days specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Stop-Loss Event" means, in respect of a Share, the price of any Share as quoted on the relevant 
Exchange for such Share at any time or the Scheduled Closing Time, as specified in the Issue 
Terms, on any Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day in respect of such Share on or 
after the Trade Date or, if later the Strike Date, is less than 5%, or such percentage specified in the 
Issue Terms, of its Strike Price or, if no Strike Price is stipulated in the Issue Terms, the price given 
as the benchmark price for such Share in the Issue Terms, all as determined by the Calculation 
Agent. 
"Strike Date" means the Strike Date specified in the Issue Terms as may be adjusted in accordance 
with the definition of "Valuation Date" below. 
"Strike Day" means each date specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Strike Period" means the period specified as the Strike Period in the Issue Terms.

--- Page 198 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR EQUITY LINKED NOTES 
 
- 183 - 
 
 
"Trading Disruption" means, any suspension of or limitation imposed on trading by the relevant 
Exchange or Related Exchange or otherwise and whether by reason of movements in price 
exceeding limits permitted by the relevant Exchange or Related Exchange or otherwise (a) relating 
to the Share or (b) in futures or options contracts relating to such Share on any relevant Related 
Exchange. 
"Valuation Date" means the Coupon Valuation Date, Strike Date and/or Redemption Valuation 
Date, as the case may be, specified in the Issue Terms or, if such day is not a Scheduled Trading 
Day, the immediately succeeding Scheduled Trading Day unless, in the opinion of the Calculation 
Agent, such day is a Disrupted Day. If such day is a Disrupted Day, then: 
(a) 
in the case of Equity Linked Notes relating to a single Share, the Valuation Date shall be 
the first succeeding Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day, unless each of the 
number of consecutive Scheduled Trading Days equal to the Specified Maximum Days of 
Disruption immediately following the Scheduled Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day. In 
that case, (i) the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the 
Valuation Date, notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day, and (ii) the 
Calculation Agent shall determine the Settlement Price in the manner set out in the Issue 
Terms or, if not set out or if not practicable, determine the Settlement Price in accordance 
with its good faith estimate of the Settlement Price as of the Valuation Time on that the 
last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day; or 
(b) 
in the case of Equity Linked Notes relating to a Basket of Shares, the Valuation Date for 
each Share shall be the first succeeding Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted 
Day in respect of any Shares forming part of the Basket of Shares unless each of the 
number of consecutive Scheduled Trading Days equal to the Specified Maximum Days of 
Disruption immediately following the Scheduled Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day 
relating to any Share of the Basket of Shares. In that case, (i) the last such consecutive 
Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the Valuation Date for each Share of the 
Basket of Shares, notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day with respect 
to any Share, and (ii) the Calculation Agent shall determine the Settlement Price using, in 
relation to the relevant affected Share, the level or value as applicable, determined in the 
manner set out in the Issue Terms, and, in the case of a Share, a price determined in the 
manner set out in the Issue Terms or, if not set out or if not practicable, using its good faith 
estimate of the value for the affected Share as of the Valuation Time on the last such 
consecutive Scheduled Trading Day and otherwise in accordance with the above 
provisions. 
"Valuation Time" means Coupon Valuation Time or the Valuation Time, as the case may be, 
specified in the Issue Terms or, if no Valuation Time is specified, the Scheduled Closing Time on 
the relevant Exchange on the relevant Valuation Date or Averaging Date, as the case may be, in 
relation to each Share to be valued provided that if the relevant Exchange closes prior to its 
Scheduled Closing Time and the specified Valuation Time is after the actual closing time for its 
regular trading session, then the Coupon Valuation time or the Valuation Time, as the case may 
be, shall be such actual closing time. 
"Weighting" means the weighting to be applied to each item of the Basket of Shares as specified 
in the Issue Terms.

--- Page 199 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INFLATION LINKED NOTES 
 
- 184 - 
 
 
ANNEX 4 
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INFLATION LINKED NOTES 
If specified as applicable in the Issue Terms, the terms and conditions applicable to Inflation Linked Notes 
shall comprise the General Conditions and the additional terms and conditions for Inflation Linked Notes 
set out below (the "Inflation Linked Conditions"), together with the terms and conditions as set out in each 
other Annex which is specified as applicable in the Issue Terms and subject to completion in the Issue 
Terms. In the event of any inconsistency between the General Conditions and the Inflation Linked 
Conditions, the Inflation Linked Conditions shall prevail. In the event of any inconsistency between the 
Inflation Linked Conditions and the Payout Conditions, the Payout Conditions shall prevail. In the event 
of any inconsistency between (i) the General Conditions and/or the Inflation Linked Conditions and (ii) the 
Issue Terms, the Issue Terms shall prevail. In the event of any inconsistency in the provisions of Inflation 
Linked Condition 3 and the other provisions of these Inflation Linked Conditions, the provisions of Inflation 
Linked Condition 3 shall prevail. 
1. 
Delay in Publication 
If the Calculation Agent determines that a Delayed Index Level Event in respect of an Index has 
occurred, then the Relevant Level with respect to any Reference Month which is to be utilised in 
any calculation of any payment under the Notes and/or any other determination to be made in 
respect of the Notes (the "Substitute Inflation Index Level") shall be determined by the 
Calculation Agent (subject to Inflation Linked Condition 1(b) below), as follows: 
(a) 
if Related Bond is specified as applicable in the Issue Terms, the Calculation Agent shall 
determine the Substitute Inflation Index Level by reference to the corresponding index 
level determined under the terms and conditions of the relevant Related Bond; or 
(b) 
if (i) Related Bond is not specified as applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, or (ii) the 
Calculation Agent is not able to determine a Substitute Inflation Index Level under (a) 
above for any reason, then the Calculation Agent shall determine the Substitute Inflation 
Index Level by reference to the following formula: 
Substitute Inflation Index Level ൌBase Level ൈሺLatest Level/Reference Levelሻ, 
where: 
"Base Level" means the level of the Index (excluding any "flash" estimates) published or 
announced by the Index Sponsor in respect of the month which is 12 calendar months prior to the 
month for which the Substitute Inflation Index Level is being determined. 
"Latest Level" means the latest level of the Index (excluding any "flash" estimates) published or 
announced by the Index Sponsor prior to the month in respect of which the Substitute Inflation 
Index Level is being determined. 
"Reference Level" means the level of the Index (excluding any "flash" estimates) published or 
announced by the Index Sponsor in respect of the month that is 12 calendar months prior to the 
month referred to in "Latest Level" above. 
The Issuer shall promptly give notice to Noteholders in accordance with General Condition 12 of 
any Substitute Inflation Index Level calculated pursuant to this Inflation Linked Condition 1. 
If the Relevant Level is published or announced at any time on or after the relevant Cut-Off Date 
specified in the Issue Terms, then, subject as provided in Inflation Linked Condition 3 such 
Relevant Level will not be used in any calculations. The Substitute Inflation Index Level so 
determined pursuant to this Inflation Linked Condition 1 will be the definitive level for that 
Reference Month. 
2. 
Successor Index 
If the Calculation Agent determines that the level of an Index has not been published by the Index 
Sponsor for two consecutive months and/or the Index Sponsor announces that it will no longer 
continue to publish or announce the Index and/or the Index Sponsor cancels the Index then the

--- Page 200 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INFLATION LINKED NOTES 
 
- 185 - 
 
 
Calculation Agent shall determine a successor index (a "Successor Index") (in lieu of any 
previously applicable Index) for the purposes of the Notes as follows: 
(a) 
if Related Bond is specified as applicable in the Issue Terms, the Calculation Agent shall 
determine a Successor Index by reference to the corresponding successor index 
determined under the terms and conditions of the Related Bond; 
(b) 
if (x) Related Bond is not specified as applicable in the Issue Terms or (y) a Related Bond 
Redemption Event is specified as applying in the Issue Terms and has occurred and 
Fallback Bond is not specified as applicable in the Issue Terms, the Index Sponsor 
announces that it will no longer publish or announce the Index but that it will be 
superseded by a replacement index specified by the Index Sponsor, and the Calculation 
Agent determines that such replacement Index is calculated using the same or a 
substantially similar formula or method of calculation as used in the calculation of the 
previously applicable Index, such replacement index shall be deemed the Successor Index 
for the purposes of the Notes from the date that such replacement Index comes into effect; 
(c) 
if no Successor Index has been determined under paragraphs (a) or (b) above the 
Calculation Agent shall ask five leading independent dealers to state what the replacement 
index for the Index should be. If at least four responses are received, and of those responses, 
three or more leading independent dealers state the same index, such index will be deemed 
the Successor Index. If three responses are received, and two or more leading independent 
dealers state the same index, such index will be deemed the Successor Index. If fewer than 
three responses are received by the Cut-Off Date or no Successor Index is determined 
pursuant to this provision, the Calculation Agent will apply the provisions of paragraph 
(d) below; 
(d) 
if no Successor Index has been determined pursuant to paragraphs (a), (b) or (c) above, by 
the next occurring Cut-Off Date, subject as provided below, the Calculation Agent will 
determine an appropriate alternative index as of such Cut-Off Date for such affected 
Determination Date, and such index will be deemed a Successor Index for the purposes of 
the Notes; or 
(e) 
if the Calculation Agent cannot determine an appropriate alternative index pursuant to 
sub-paragraphs (a) to (d) above, there will be deemed to be no Successor Index and an 
Index Cancellation will be deemed to have occurred. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Calculation Agent shall determine the date on which the Successor 
Index shall be deemed to replace the Index for the purposes of the Notes. Notice of the 
determination of a Successor Index, the effective date of the Successor Index or the occurrence of 
an Index Cancellation will be given to Noteholders by the Issuer in accordance with General 
Condition 12. 
3. 
Adjustments 
(a) 
Successor Index 
If a Successor Index is determined in accordance with Inflation Linked Condition 2, the 
Calculation Agent may make any adjustment or adjustments (without limitation) to any 
amount payable under the Notes and/or any other relevant term of the Notes as the 
Calculation Agent deems necessary to account for this. The Issuer shall give notice to the 
Noteholders of any such adjustment in accordance with General Condition 12. 
(b) 
Substitute Inflation Index Level 
If the Calculation Agent determines a Substitute Inflation Index Level in accordance with 
Inflation Linked Condition 1, the Issuer may make any adjustment or adjustments (without 
limitation) to (x) the Substitute Inflation Index Level determined in accordance with Index 
Linked Condition 1 and/or (y) any amount payable under the Notes and/or any other 
relevant term of the Notes, in each case, as the Calculation Agent deems necessary. The 
Issuer shall give notice to the Noteholders of any such adjustment in accordance with 
General Condition 12.

--- Page 201 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INFLATION LINKED NOTES 
 
- 186 - 
 
 
(c) 
Index Level Adjustment Correction 
(i) 
The first publication or announcement of the Relevant Level (excluding any 
"flash" or other estimates) by the Index Sponsor for any Reference Month shall 
be final and conclusive and, subject to Inflation Linked Condition 3(c)(ii) and (iii) 
below, later revisions to the level for such Reference Month will not be used in 
any calculations, save that in respect of the EUR-All Items-Revised Consumer 
Price Index, the ESP National- Revised Consumer Price Index (CPI) and the ESP-
Harmonised-Revised Consumer Price Index HCPI, revisions to the Relevant 
Level which are published or announced up to and including the day that is two 
Business Days prior to any relevant Determination Date will be valid and the 
revised Relevant Level for the relevant Reference Month will be deemed to be 
the final and conclusive Relevant Level for such Reference Month. The Issuer 
shall give notice to the Noteholders of any valid revision in accordance with 
General Condition 12. 
(ii) 
If, within 30 days of publication or at any time prior to a Determination Date in 
respect of which a Relevant Level will be used in any calculation or determination 
in respect of such Determination Date, the Calculation Agent determines that the 
Index Sponsor has corrected the Relevant Level to correct a manifest error, the 
Calculation Agent may make any adjustment to any amount payable under the 
Notes and/or any other relevant term of the Notes as the Calculation Agent deems 
appropriate as a result of such correction and/or determine the amount (if any) 
that is payable as a result of that correction. The Issuer shall give notice to the 
Noteholders of any such adjustment and/or amount in accordance with General 
Condition 12. 
(iii) 
If a Relevant Level is published or announced at any time after the Cut-Off Date 
in respect of a Determination Date in respect of which a Substitute Inflation Index 
Level was determined, the Calculation Agent may either (A) determine that such 
Relevant Level shall not be used in any calculation or determination under the 
Notes and that the Substitute Inflation Index Level shall be deemed to be the 
definitive Relevant Level for the relevant Reference Month, or (B) request the 
Issuer to make any adjustment to any amount payable under the Notes and/or any 
other relevant term of the Notes as it deems appropriate as a result of the 
announcement or publication of the Relevant Level and/or determine the amount 
(if any) that is payable as a result of such publication or announcement. The Issuer 
shall give notice to the Noteholders of any determination in respect of (A) or (B), 
together with any adjustment or amount in respect thereof, in accordance with 
General Condition 12. 
(d) 
Currency 
If the Calculation Agent determines that any event occurs affecting the Specified Notes 
Currency (whether relating to its convertibility; into other currencies or otherwise) which 
the Calculation Agent determines necessitates an adjustment or adjustments to any amount 
payable under the Notes, and/or any other relevant term of the Notes (including the date 
on which any amount is payable by the Issuer), the Issuer may make such adjustment or 
adjustments to such amount and/or any other relevant term of the Notes as the Calculation 
Agent deems necessary. The Calculation Agent shall give notice to the Noteholders of any 
such adjustment in accordance with General Condition 12. 
(e) 
Rebasing 
If the Calculation Agent determines that the Index has been or will be rebased at any time, 
the Index as so rebased (the "Rebased Index") will be used for purposes of determining 
the Relevant Level from the date of such rebasing; provided, however, that the 
Calculation Agent may make (A) if Related Bond is specified as applicable in the Issue 
Terms, any adjustments as are made pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Related 
Bond, if any, to the levels of the Rebased Index so that the Rebased Index levels reflect 
the same rate of inflation as before the rebasing, and/or (B) if Related Bond is not specified

--- Page 202 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INFLATION LINKED NOTES 
 
- 187 - 
 
 
as applicable in the Issue Terms or a Related Bond Redemption Event has occurred, the 
Calculation Agent may make adjustments to the levels of the Rebased Index so that the 
Rebased Index levels reflect the same rate of inflation as the Index before it was rebased 
and in each case the Issuer may make any adjustment(s) to any amount payable under the 
Notes and/or any other term of the Notes as the Calculation Agent may deem necessary. 
If the Calculation Agent determines that neither (A) nor (B) above would produce a 
commercially reasonable result, the Calculation Agent may redeem each Note on a date 
notified by the Issuer to Noteholders in accordance with General Condition 12 at its fair 
market value, as determined by the Calculation Agent as at the date of redemption taking 
into account the rebasing less the cost to the Issuer and/or its Affiliates of unwinding or 
amending any related underlying hedging arrangements. Notice of any adjustment, 
redemption of the Notes or determination pursuant to this paragraph shall be given to 
Noteholders in accordance with General Condition 12. 
(f) 
Index Modification 
(i) 
If on or prior to the Cut-Off Date in respect of any Determination Date, the 
Calculation Agent determines that an Index Modification has occurred the 
Calculation Agent may (A) if Related Bond is specified as applicable in the Issue 
Terms, make any adjustments to any Relevant Level and/or any other relevant 
term of the Notes (including, without limitation, any amount payable under the 
Notes), consistent with any adjustments made to the Related Bond as the 
Calculation Agent deems necessary, or (B) if Related Bond is not specified as 
applicable in the Issue Terms or a Related Bond Redemption Event has occurred 
make only those adjustments to the Index, any Relevant Level and/or any other 
term of the Notes (including, without limitation, any amount payable under the 
Notes), as the Calculation Agent deems necessary for the modified Index to 
continue as the Index and to account for the economic effect of the Index 
Modification. 
(ii) 
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Index Modification has occurred at 
any time after the Cut-Off Date in respect of any Determination Date, the 
Calculation Agent may determine either to ignore such Index Modification for 
the purposes of any calculation or determination made by the Calculation Agent 
with respect to such Determination Date, in which case the relevant Index 
Modification will be deemed to have occurred with respect to the immediately 
succeeding Determination Date such that the provisions of sub-paragraph (i) 
above will apply, or, notwithstanding that the Index Modification has occurred 
following the Cut-Off Date, to make any adjustments as the Calculation Agent 
deems fit in accordance with sub-paragraph (i) above. 
(g) 
Consequences of an Additional Disruption Event 
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Additional Disruption Event has occurred, the 
Issuer may make any adjustments to any Relevant Level and/or any other relevant term of 
the Notes (including, without limitation, any amount payable under the Notes to account 
therefor or may redeem each Note on the date notified by the Issuer to Noteholders in 
accordance with General Condition 12 at its fair market value (as determined by the 
Calculation Agent) as at the date of redemption, taking into account the relevant 
Additional Disruption Event, less the cost to the Issuer and/or its Affiliates of unwinding 
or amending any related underlying hedging arrangements. Notice of any redemption of 
the Notes shall be given to Noteholders in accordance with General Condition 12. 
(h) 
Index Cancellation 
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Index Cancellation has occurred, the Issuer 
may make any adjustments to any Relevant Level and/or any other relevant term of the 
Notes (including, without limitation, any amount payable under the Notes to account 
therefore) or may redeem each Note on the date notified by the Issuer to Noteholders in 
accordance with General Condition 12 at its fair market value (as determined by the 
Calculation Agent) as at the date of redemption, taking into account the Index

--- Page 203 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INFLATION LINKED NOTES 
 
- 188 - 
 
 
Cancellation, less the cost to the Issuer and/or any Affiliates of unwinding or amending 
any related underlying hedging arrangements. Notice of any redemption of the Notes 
pursuant to this paragraph shall be given to Noteholders in accordance with General 
Condition 12. 
4. 
Definitions 
"Additional Disruption Event" means any of Change in Law, Hedging Disruption or Increased 
Cost of Hedging, in each case if specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Change in Law" means that, on or after the Trade Date (as specified in the Issue Terms) (A) due 
to the adoption of or any change in any applicable law or regulation (including, without limitation, 
any tax law), or (B) due to the promulgation of or any change in the interpretation by any court, 
tribunal or regulatory authority with competent jurisdiction of any applicable law or regulation 
(including any action taken by a taxing authority), the Calculation Agent determines in its sole and 
absolute discretion that it has become illegal for the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates to hold, 
acquire or dispose of any relevant hedge positions in respect of the Index for purposes of the Notes. 
"Cut-Off Date" means, in respect of a Determination Date, five Business Days prior to such 
Determination Date, unless otherwise stated in the Issue Terms. 
"Delayed Index Level Event" means, in respect of any Determination Date, that the Index Sponsor 
fails to publish or announce the level of the Index (the "Relevant Level") in respect of any 
Reference Month which is relevant to the calculation of any payment under the Notes and/or any 
other determination in respect of the Notes, in each case by the related Cut-Off Date. 
"Determination Date" means in respect of an Index and/or Index Level(s) or value(s) as the case 
may be, each date specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Fallback Bond" means a bond selected by the Calculation Agent and issued by the government 
of the country to whose level of inflation the Index relates and which pays a coupon or redemption 
amount which is calculated by reference to the Index, with a maturity date which falls on (a) the 
same day as the Maturity Date, (b) the next longest maturity after the Maturity Date if there is no 
such bond maturing on the Maturity Date, or (c) the next shortest maturity before the Maturity Date 
if no bond defined in (a) or (b) is selected by the Calculation Agent. If the Index relates to the level 
of inflation across the European Monetary Union, the Calculation Agent will select an inflation-
linked bond that is a debt obligation of one of the governments (but not any government agency) 
of France, Italy, Germany or Spain and which pays a coupon or redemption amount which is 
calculated by reference to the level of inflation in the European Monetary Union. In each case, the 
Calculation Agent will select the Fallback Bond from those inflation-linked bonds issued on or 
before the Issue Date and, if there is more than one inflation-linked bond maturing on the same 
date, the Fallback Bond shall be selected by the Calculation Agent from those bonds in its 
discretion. If the Fallback Bond redeems the Calculation Agent will select a new Fallback Bond 
on the same basis, but selected from all eligible bonds in issue at the time the original Fallback 
Bond redeems (including any bond for which the redeemed bond is exchanged). 
"Hedging Disruption" means that the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates is unable, after using 
commercially reasonable efforts, to (a) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind 
or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge any relevant price risk of 
the Issuer issuing and performing its obligations with respect to the Notes, or (b) freely realise, 
recover, remit, receive, repatriate or transfer the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s). 
"Increased Cost of Hedging" means that the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates would incur a 
materially increased (as compared with circumstances existing on the Trade Date) amount of tax, 
duty, expense or fee (other than brokerage commissions) to (a) acquire, establish, re-establish, 
substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge 
the market risk (including, without limitation, equity price risk, foreign exchange risk and interest 
rate risk) of the Issuer issuing and performing its obligations with respect to the Notes, or (b) 
realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s), provided that any such 
materially increased amount that is incurred solely due to the deterioration of the creditworthiness 
of the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates shall not be deemed an Increased Cost of Hedging.

--- Page 204 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INFLATION LINKED NOTES 
 
- 189 - 
 
 
"Index" means the index or indices specified in the Issue Terms or any Successor Index as 
determined by the Calculation Agent pursuant to Inflation Linked Condition 2 and related 
expressions shall be construed accordingly. 
"Index Cancellation" means a level for the Index has not been published or announced for two 
consecutive months and/or the Index Sponsor cancels the Index and/or the Index Sponsor 
announces that it will no longer continue to publish or announce the Index and no Successor Index 
exists. 
"Index Modification" means the Index Sponsor announces that it will make (in the opinion of the 
Calculation Agent) a material change in the formula for or the method of calculating the Index or 
in any other way materially modifies the Index. 
"Index Sponsor" means the entity that publishes or announces (directly or through an agent) the 
level of the relevant Index which as of the Issue Date of the Notes is the Index Sponsor specified 
in the Issue Terms in relation to the relevant Index. 
"Rebased Index" has the meaning given to it under Inflation Linked Condition 3 above. 
"Reference Month" means the calendar month for which the level of the Index was reported, 
regardless of when this information is published or announced. If the period for which the Relevant 
Level was reported is a period other than a month, the Reference Month shall be the period for 
which the Relevant Level was reported. 
"Related Bond" means the bond (if any) specified as such in the Issue Terms. If the Related Bond 
specified in the Issue Terms is Fallback Bond, then for any Related Bond determination, the 
Calculation Agent shall use the Fallback Bond. If no bond is specified in the Issue Terms as the 
Related Bond and "Fallback Bond Not applicable" is specified in the Issue Terms there will be no 
Related Bond. If a bond is selected as the Related Bond in the Issue Terms and that bond redeems 
or matures before the relevant Determination Date, unless "Fallback Bond Not applicable" is 
specified in the Issue Terms, the Calculation Agent shall use the Fallback Bond for any Related 
Bond determination. 
"Related Bond Redemption Event" means, if specified as applicable in the Issue Terms, at any 
time prior to the Maturity Date, (a) the Related Bond is redeemed, repurchased or cancelled, (b) 
the Related Bond becomes repayable prior to its stated date of maturity for whatever reason, or (c) 
the issuer of the Related Bond announces that the Related Bond will be redeemed, repurchased or 
cancelled prior to its stated date of maturity. 
"Relevant Level" has the meaning given to it in the definition of Delayed Index Level Event. 
"Strike Date" means each date specified as a Strike Date in the Issue Terms, subject to adjustment 
in accordance with these Inflation Linked Conditions. 
"Strike Day" means each date specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Strike Period" means the period specified as the Strike Period in the Issue Terms. 
"Successor Index" has the meaning given to it in under Inflation Linked Condition 2. 
"Substitute Inflation Index Level" has the meaning given in Inflation Linked Condition 1.

--- Page 205 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FUND LINKED NOTES 
 
- 190 - 
 
 
ANNEX 5 
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FUND LINKED NOTES 
If specified as applicable in the Issue Terms, the terms and conditions applicable to Fund Linked Notes 
shall comprise the General Conditions and the additional terms and conditions for Fund Linked Notes set 
out below (the "Fund Linked Conditions"), together with the terms and conditions as set out in each other 
Annex which is specified as applicable in the Issue Terms and subject to completion in the Issue Terms. In 
the event of any inconsistency between the General Conditions and the Fund Linked Conditions, the Fund 
Linked Conditions shall prevail. In the event of any inconsistency between the Fund Linked Conditions and 
the Payout Conditions, the Payout Conditions shall prevail. In the event of any inconsistency between (i) 
the General Conditions and/or the Fund Linked Conditions and (ii) the Issue Terms, the Issue Terms shall 
prevail. 
1. 
Disrupted Day in respect of Notes linked to one or more ETFs 
The Calculation Agent shall give notice as soon as practicable to the Holders in accordance with 
General Condition 12 of the occurrence of a Disrupted Day on any day that, but for the occurrence 
of a Disrupted Day, would have been an Averaging Date, a Valuation Date, an Automatic Early 
Redemption Valuation Date or any Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day, 
as the case may be. 
2. 
Knock-in Event and Knock-out Event 
(a) 
This Fund Linked Condition 2 is applicable only if: 
(i) 
Knock-in Event is specified as applicable in the Issue Terms, then any payment 
under the Notes which is expressed to be subject to a Knock-in Event shall be 
conditional upon the occurrence of such Knock-in Event; or 
(ii) 
If Knock-out Event is specified as applicable in the Issue Terms, then in which 
case any payment under the relevant Notes which is expressed to be subject to a 
Knock-out Event shall be conditional upon the occurrence of such Knock-out 
Event. 
(b) 
If the Fund is an ETF and: 
(i) 
if the Knock-in Valuation Time or the Knock-out Valuation Time specified in the 
Issue Terms is the Valuation Time and if on any Knock-in Determination Day or 
Knock-out Determination Day at any time during the one hour period that begins 
or ends at the Valuation Time a Knock-in Event or a Knock-out Event would 
otherwise have occurred and a Trading Disruption, Exchange Disruption or Early 
Closure occurs or exists, then the Knock-in Event or the Knock-out Event shall 
be deemed not to have occurred, provided that if, by operation of this provision, 
no Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day would occur 
in the Knock-in Determination Period or Knock-out Determination Period, the 
Knock-in Period Ending Date or Knock-out Period Ending Date shall be treated 
as a Valuation Date and the Calculation Agent shall determine the price of each 
affected Fund Share as at the Knock-in Valuation Time or Knock-out Valuation 
Time in accordance with the provisions contained in the definition of Valuation 
Date; and 
(ii) 
if the Knock-in Valuation Time or the Knock-out Valuation Time specified in the 
Issue Terms is any time/or period of time during the regular trading hours on the 
relevant Exchange other than the Valuation Time and if on any Knock-in 
Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day at any time during the one 
hour period that begins or ends at the Knock-in Valuation Time or Knock-out 
Valuation Time a Knock-in Event or a Knock-out Event would otherwise have 
occurred and a Trading Disruption, Exchange Disruption or Early Closure occurs 
or exists, then, the Knock-in Event or the Knock-out Event shall be deemed not 
to have occurred, provided that if, by operation of this provision, no Knock-in 
Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day would occur in the Knock-

--- Page 206 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FUND LINKED NOTES 
 
- 191 - 
 
 
in Determination Period or Knock-out Determination Period, the Knock-in Period 
Ending Date or Knock-out Period Ending Date shall be treated as a Valuation 
Date and the Calculation Agent shall determine the price of each affected Fund 
Share as at the Knock-in Valuation Time or Knock-out Valuation Time in 
accordance with the provisions contained in the definition of Valuation Date. 
3. 
Automatic Early Redemption 
If the Fund is an ETF and Automatic Early Redemption Event is specified as applicable in the Issue 
Terms, then unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, if (i) on any Automatic Early 
Redemption Valuation Date or (ii) in respect of an Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Period 
if on any or all Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date(s), as specified in the Issue Terms, 
an Automatic Early Redemption Event occurs, then the Notes will, subject as provided in Fund 
Linked Condition 6, be automatically redeemed in whole, but not in part, on the Automatic Early 
Redemption Date immediately following such Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date or 
Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Period and the Issuer shall redeem each Note at an amount 
equal to the relevant Automatic Early Redemption Amount. 
4. 
Extraordinary Fund Events 
"Extraordinary Fund Event" means, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, the 
occurrence at any time on or after the Issue Date of any of the following events and any applicable 
Additional Extraordinary Fund Event: 
(a) 
the Fund or any Fund Service Provider (iv) is dissolved or has a resolution passed for its 
dissolution, winding-up, official liquidation (other than pursuant to a consolidation, 
amalgamation or merger), (v) makes a general assignment or arrangement with or for the 
benefit of its creditors; (vi) (i) institutes or has instituted against it, by a regulator, 
supervisor or any similar official with primary insolvency, rehabilitative or regulatory 
jurisdiction over it in the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organisation or the jurisdiction 
of its head or home office, a proceeding seeking a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy 
or any other relief under any bankruptcy or insolvency law or other similar law affecting 
creditors' rights, or a petition is presented for its winding-up or liquidation by it or such 
regulator, supervisor or similar official, or (2) has instituted against it a proceeding seeking 
a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or any other relief under any bankruptcy or 
insolvency law or other similar law affecting creditors' rights, or a petition is presented. 
for its winding-up or liquidation, and such proceeding or petition is instituted or presented 
by a person or entity not described in sub-clause (iii)(l) above and either (x) results in a 
judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or the entry of an order for relief or the making of 
an order for its winding-up or liquidation or (y) is not immediately dismissed, discharged, 
stayed or restrained; (vii) seeks or becomes subject to the appointment of an administrator, 
provisional liquidator, conservator, receiver, trustee, custodian or other similar official for 
it or for all or substantially all its assets; (viii) has a secured party take possession of all or 
substantially all its assets or has a distress, execution, attachment, sequestration or other 
legal process levied, enforced or sued on or against all or substantially all its assets and 
such secured party maintains possession, or any such process is not immediately dismissed, 
discharged, stayed or restrained; or (ix) causes or is subject to any event with respect to it 
which, under the applicable laws of any jurisdiction, has an effect analogous to any of the 
events specified in sub-clauses (iv) to (viii) above; 
(b) 
the commencement of any investigative, judicial, administrative or other civil or criminal 
proceedings against the Fund, any Fund Service Provider or any key personnel of such 
entities, if such proceedings could (in the opinion of the Calculation Agent) have an 
adverse impact on a Hedge Provider's rights or obligations in relation to hedging activities 
in respect of the Notes; 
(c) 
any Fund Service Provider or other agent or entity fulfilling such role, howsoever 
described in the Fund Documents as at the Issue Date, ceases to act in such capacity in 
relation to the Fund and is not immediately replaced in such capacity by a successor 
acceptable to the Calculation Agent;

--- Page 207 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FUND LINKED NOTES 
 
- 192 - 
 
 
(d) 
(i) any of the investment objectives, investment restrictions or investment process 
(howsoever described) of the Fund are modified from that set out in the Fund Documents 
except where such change is of a formal, minor or technical nature or (ii) a material 
modification of the type of assets in which the Fund invests (including but not limited to 
a material deviation from the investment objectives, investment restrictions or investment 
process (howsoever described) set out in the Fund Documents); 
(e) 
a material modification of the Fund (including but not limited to a modification of the 
Fund Documents) or a material modification of the method of calculating the NAV per 
Fund Share, or any change in the period or timing of the calculation or the publication of 
the NAV per Fund Share or the occurrence of any event which in the determination of the 
Calculation Agent has or may have an adverse impact on the Fund or investors in the Fund 
(including, without limitation, the suspension of the NAV per Fund Share), in each case 
other than a modification or event which does not affect the Fund Shares or the Fund or 
any portfolio of assets to which the Fund Share relate (either alone or in common with 
other Fund Shares issued by the Fund); 
(f) 
any Fund Service Provider fails to provide the Calculation Agent, within a reasonable time, 
with any information that the Calculation Agent has reasonably requested regarding the 
investment portfolio of the Fund; 
(g) 
(i) the occurrence of any event affecting a Fund Share that, in the determination of the 
Calculation Agent, would make it impossible or impracticable for the Calculation Agent 
to determine the value of the relevant Fund Share; (ii) any failure of the Fund, or its 
authorised representative, to deliver, or cause to be delivered, (1) information that the Fund 
has agreed to deliver, or cause to be delivered to the Calculation Agent or Hedge Provider, 
or (2) information that has been previously delivered to any Hedge Provider or the 
Calculation Agent, as applicable, in accordance with the Fund's, or its authorised 
representative's, normal practice and that any Hedge Provider deems necessary for it or 
the Calculation Agent, as applicable, to monitor such Fund's compliance with any 
investment guidelines, asset allocation methodologies or any other similar policies relating 
to the relevant Fund Share; 
(h) 
any of the Fund, the Fund Service Providers, howsoever described in the Fund Documents, 
or any other party acting on behalf of the Fund fails for any reason to calculate and publish 
the NAV per Fund Share within the Number of NAV Publication Days following any date 
scheduled for the determination of the valuation of the Fund Shares unless the cause of 
such failure to publish is of a technical nature and outside the control of the entity 
responsible for such publication; 
(i) 
(i) any relevant activities of or in relation to the Fund or the Fund Service Providers are or 
become unlawful, illegal or otherwise prohibited in whole or in part as a result of 
compliance with any present or future law, regulation, judgment, order or directive of any 
governmental, administrative, legislative or judicial authority or power, or in the 
interpretation thereof, (ii) a relevant authorisation or licence is revoked or is under review 
by a competent authority in respect of the Fund Service Providers, (iii) the Fund is required 
by a competent authority to redeem any Fund Shares and/or (iv) the Issuer and/or any 
Hedge Provider is required by a competent authority, the Fund or any other relevant entity 
to dispose of or compulsorily redeem any Fund Shares held in connection with any 
hedging arrangements relating to the Notes; 
(j) 
(i) the non-execution or partial-execution by the Fund for any reason of a subscription or 
redemption order in respect of any Fund Shares (including, for the avoidance of any doubt, 
any non-execution by the Fund pending completion of its fiscal audit), if such non-
execution or partial execution could in the sole determination of any Hedge Provider have 
an adverse impact on any Hedge Provider's rights or obligations in relation to its hedging 
activities in relation to the Notes, (ii) the Fund otherwise suspends or refuses transfers of 
any of its Fund Shares as described in the Fund Documents, (iii) if applicable, the Fund 
ceases to be an undertaking for collective investments under the relevant jurisdiction's 
legislation, (iv) the Fund otherwise suspends or refuses redemptions of any of its Fund 
Shares (including, without limitation, if the Fund applies any gating, deferral, suspension

--- Page 208 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FUND LINKED NOTES 
 
- 193 - 
 
 
or other similar provisions permitting the Fund to delay or refuse redemption or transfer 
of Fund Shares) as described in the Fund Documents, (v) the Fund imposes in whole or in 
part any restriction (including, without limitation, any redemption in specie), charge or fee 
in respect of a redemption or subscription of its Fund Shares by the Issuer or any Hedge 
Provider or exercises its right to claw back the proceeds already paid on redeemed Fund 
Shares, if in any case it could in the sole determination of any Hedge Provider have an 
adverse impact on any Hedge Provider's rights or obligations in relation to its hedging 
activities in relation to the Notes, (vi) a mandatory redemption, in whole or in part, of the 
Fund Shares is imposed by the Fund on any one or more holders of Fund Shares at any 
time for any reason or (vii) the Issuer, any Hedge Provider, or any Affiliate thereof, is 
required by the Fund or Fund Service Provider to redeem any Fund Shares for any reason; 
(k) 
the aggregate net asset value of the Fund falls below the level of the NAV Barrier; 
(l) 
a NAV Trigger Event occurs; 
(m) 
any proposal to wind up the Fund or the Fund ceases to exist or there exists any litigation 
against the Fund or a Fund Service Provider which in the determination of the Calculation 
Agent could materially affect the value of the Fund Shares; 
(n) 
the currency or denomination of the Fund Share is amended from that set out in the Fund 
Documents so that the net asset value per Fund Share is no longer calculated in the same 
currency as at the Trade Date; 
(o) 
one or more of the key individuals involved with, or having supervision over, the Fund 
ceases to act in such capacity, and the Fund or relevant Fund Service Provider fails to 
appoint a replacement having similar qualifications to those of the key individual or 
individuals ceasing to act; 
(p) 
following the issue by a Fund of a new class or series (howsoever described in the Fund 
Documents) of shares, the Calculation Agent, determines that such new class or series of 
shares has or may have an adverse effect on the hedging activities of the Hedge Provider 
in relation to the Notes; 
(q) 
where the Notes are linked to a Fund Basket, a Basket Trigger Event; 
(r) 
there is a change in or in the official interpretation or administration of any laws or 
regulations relating to taxation that has or is likely to have a material adverse effect on any 
hedging arrangements entered into by any Hedge Provider in respect of the Notes (a "Tax 
Event") and, subject as provided below, the Issuer or the Hedge Provider has, for a period 
of one calendar month following the day the relevant Tax Event became known to it, used 
reasonable efforts to mitigate the material adverse effect of the Tax Event by seeking to 
transfer such hedging arrangements to any of its Affiliates, provided that the Issuer or 
the Hedge Provider shall not under any circumstances be obliged to take any steps which 
would result in sustaining a loss or expense of any kind and the period set out above for 
such mitigation shall be deemed satisfied on any date the Calculation Agent determines 
that there is no reasonable means of mitigating the Tax Event as provided above; 
(s) 
in connection with any hedging activities in relation to the Notes, as a result of any 
adoption of, or any change in, any law, order, regulation, decree or notice, howsoever 
described, after the Issue Date, or issuance of any directive or promulgation of, or any 
change in the interpretation, whether formal or informal, by any court, tribunal, regulatory 
authority or similar administrative or judicial body of any law, order, regulation, decree 
or notice, howsoever described, after such date or as a result of any other relevant event 
(each a "Relevant Event") (i) it would become unlawful or impractical for the Issuer or 
the Hedge Provider to hold (including, without limitation, circumstances requiring the 
Hedge Provider or the Issuer to adversely modify any reserve, special deposit, or similar 
requirement or that would adversely affect the amount of regulatory capital that would 
have to be maintained in respect of any holding of Fund Shares or that would subject a 
holder of the Fund Shares or the Issuer to any loss), purchase or sell any Fund Shares of 
the Fund or for the Issuer or the Hedge Provider to maintain such hedging arrangements,

--- Page 209 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FUND LINKED NOTES 
 
- 194 - 
 
 
(ii) the cost to the Issuer or the Hedge Provider of such hedging activities would be 
materially increased for any reason or (iii) the Issuer and/or the Hedge Provider would be 
subject to a material loss and, subject as provided below, the Issuer or the Hedge Provider 
has, for a period of one calendar week following the day the Relevant Event became 
known to it, used reasonable efforts to mitigate the effect of the Relevant Event by seeking 
to transfer such hedging arrangements to any of its Affiliates, provided that the Issuer or 
the Hedge Provider shall not under any circumstances be obliged to take any steps which 
would result in sustaining a loss or expense of any kind and the period of one calendar 
week set out above shall be deemed satisfied on any date the Calculation Agent determines 
that that there is no means of mitigating the Relevant Event as provided above; 
(t) 
in connection with the hedging activities in relation to the Notes, if the cost to the Issuer 
or the Hedge Provider in relation to the Notes would be materially increased or the Issuer 
and/or the Hedge Provider would be subject to a material loss; or 
(u) 
in the case of a Fund which is an ETF, the relevant Exchange announces that pursuant to 
the rules of such Exchange, the relevant Fund Shares cease (or will cease) to be listed, 
traded or publicly quoted on the Exchange for any reason and are not immediately re-
listed, re-traded or re-quoted on (i) where the Exchange is located in the United States, 
any of the New York Stock Exchange or the NASDAQ National Market System (or their 
respective successors) or otherwise (ii) a comparable exchange or quotation system 
located in the same country as the Exchange (or, where the Exchange is within the 
European Union, in a member state of the European Union). 
5. 
Consequences of an Extraordinary Fund Event 
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Extraordinary Fund Event has occurred, including any 
Additional Extraordinary Fund Event specified in the Issue Terms, other than in the case of an 
Exchange Based Adjustment, the Calculation shall notify the Issuer and the Issuer shall give notice 
(an "Extraordinary Event Notice") to the Noteholders in accordance with General Condition 13 
(Notices) of the occurrence of such Extraordinary Fund Event (the date on which an Extraordinary 
Fund Event is gives, an "Extraordinary Fund Event Notification Date"), giving details of the 
Extraordinary Fund Event and the action to be taken in respect thereof. 
If an Extraordinary Fund Event occurs, the Issuer in its sole and absolute discretion may take any 
of the actions (each an "Extraordinary Fund Event Action") described in subparagraphs (a) to 
(c) inclusive below. Subject as provided in Fund Linked Condition 6 below, if it is impossible or 
not reasonably practicable to effect a Substitution, or a Termination Event has occurred, the Issuer 
may redeem the Notes by payment of the Termination Amount on the Termination Date. 
(a) 
Adjustment 
If the Issuer, in its sole and absolute discretion, determines that the action to be taken in 
respect of the Extraordinary Fund Event is to be "Adjustment", then the Calculation Agent 
may determine, in its sole and absolute discretion, the appropriate adjustment(s), if any, to 
be made to any one or more Fund, Fund Share and/or the Weighting and/or any of the 
other terms of these Terms and Conditions and/or the applicable Issue Terms to take 
account of the Extraordinary Fund Event and determine the effective date of such 
adjustment, provided that, where the Fund is an ETF, if there are any options or futures 
contracts on the ETF traded on the Related Exchange, the Calculation Agent may instead, 
in its sole and absolute discretion, make the corresponding adjustments made by any 
Related Exchange (an "Exchange Based Adjustment"). 
(b) 
Substitution 
A "Substitution Event" may be deemed to have occurred if the Calculation Agent 
determines that any of the Extraordinary Fund Events set out in sub-paragraphs (a) to (p) 
(inclusive) of Fund Linked Condition 4 or any Additional Extraordinary Fund Event 
specified in the Issue Terms as being a Substitution Event occurs. Following the 
occurrence of a Substitution Event in respect of any Fund Store, the Calculation Agent 
shall:

--- Page 210 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FUND LINKED NOTES 
 
- 195 - 
 
 
(i) 
determine the weighted average price at which an investor can redeem the 
affected Fund Shares in the relevant Fund in such number as determined by the 
Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion as soon as it is reasonably 
practicable after its determination of the Substitution Event; 
(ii) 
for a period of not longer than 14 calendar days after the date of its determination 
of the Substitution Event, use reasonable efforts to substitute the relevant Fund 
Shares with shares, units or other similar interests in an alternative fund which, in 
the determination of the Calculation Agent, has similar characteristics to the 
relevant Fund, including but not limited to, comparable investment objectives, 
investment restrictions and investment processes and has service providers 
acceptable to the Calculation Agent; 
(iii) 
if no alternative fund can be determined pursuant to the preceding sub- paragraph 
(ii) above, use reasonable efforts to substitute the relevant Fund with an index (or 
a fund tracking an index) selected by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute 
discretion; and 
(iv) 
following any substitution in accordance with sub-paragraph (ii) or (iii) above (a 
"Substitution"), in its sole and absolute discretion amend such of the General 
Conditions, these Fund Linked Conditions and/or the Issue Terms as it determines 
to be appropriate to take account of such Substitution, including to ensure the 
weighted average price referred to in (i) above (and any consequent rise or fall in 
value of the affected Fund Shares since the Issue Date) is reflected in the terms of 
the Substitution. 
(c) 
Termination 
A "Termination Event" may be deemed to have occurred in respect to any Fund or Fund 
Share, if the Calculation Agent determines that any of the Extraordinary Fund Events set 
out in sub-paragraphs (q) to (u) (inclusive) of Fund Linked Condition 4 or any Additional 
Extraordinary Fund Event specified in the Issue Terms and specified as being a 
Termination Event occurs. Upon the occurrence of a Termination Event the Issuer shall 
redeem all but not some only of the Notes on the Termination Date by payment to each 
Noteholder of the Termination Amount. 
6. 
Redemption / Termination Date Extension 
In the case of Cash Settled Notes, if on the Scheduled Maturity Date, Automatic Early Redemption 
Date or Termination Date, as the case may be, the Hedge Provider has not, (or is deemed to have 
not), after having placed one or more redemption orders in respect of its holding of Fund Shares in 
accordance with the terms of the relevant Fund Documents, received redemption proceeds in full 
in respect of all Fund Shares (the "Redemption Proceeds"), the Calculation Agent may notify the 
Holders in accordance with General Condition 12 that the Scheduled Maturity Date, the Automatic 
Early Redemption Date or the Termination Date, as the case may be, has been postponed. As soon 
as practicable following receipt (or deemed receipt) by the Hedge Provider of the Redemption 
Proceeds the Calculation Agent shall give notice to Holders in accordance with General Condition 
12 (such notice the "Delayed Payment Notice") and redeem the Notes on the date falling not more 
than five Business Days following the receipt of the Delayed Payment Notice (such date, the 
"Postponed Redemption Date") by payment to each Holder of the Final Redemption Amount, 
the Automatic Early Redemption Amount or the Termination Amount, as the case may be, 
provided that, if the Hedge Provider does not receive the Redemption Proceeds within the period 
ending on the date (the "Delayed Payment Cut-off Date") specified in the Issue Terms or, if not 
so specified, the second anniversary of the Scheduled Maturity Date, the Automatic Early 
Redemption Date or the Termination Date, as the case may be, the Postponed Redemption Date 
shall be the Delayed Cut-off Date. 
In the case of interest bearing Notes, the Issuer shall be obliged to pay interest calculated as 
provided in General Condition 3 accruing from (and including) the Interest Period End Date 
immediately preceding the Scheduled Maturity Date, the Automatic Early Redemption Date or the 
Termination Date, as the case may be, (or, if none, the Interest Commencement Date) to (but

--- Page 211 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FUND LINKED NOTES 
 
- 196 - 
 
 
excluding) the Scheduled Maturity Date, the Automatic Early Redemption Date or the Termination 
Date, as the case may be, but shall only be obliged to make such payment of interest on the 
Postponed Redemption Date and no further or other amount in respect of interest shall be payable 
and no additional amount shall be payable in respect of such delay. 
7. 
Definitions 
"Additional Extraordinary Fund Event" means any of Change in Law, Failure to Deliver, 
Hedging Disruption and Increased Cost of Hedging, as specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Amount" means an amount, in respect of each nominal amount 
of Notes equal to the Calculation Amount, being the Automatic Early Redemption Payout set out 
in the Issue Terms. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Date" means each date specified as such in the Issue Terms, or if 
such date is not a Business Day, the immediately succeeding Business Day, provided that no 
additional amount shall be payable to Holders as a result of such delay. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Event" means the AER Value is (A): 
(i) 
greater than; 
(ii) 
greater than or equal to; 
(iii) 
less than; or 
(iv) 
less than or equal to, 
the Automatic Early Redemption Price, 
(i), (ii), (iii) or (iv) applying or (B) within or outside the Automatic Early Redemption Range, as 
specified in the Issue Terms, 
"Automatic Early Redemption Payout" is as specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Price" means the price, amount, percentage or number specified 
as such in the Issue Terms, subject to adjustment as provided in Fund Linked Condition 4 above. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Range" means the range of prices, amounts, percentages or 
numbers specified as such or otherwise determined in the applicable Issue Terms, subject to 
adjustment from time to time in accordance with the provisions set forth in these Fund Linked 
Conditions. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date" means (A) in respect of a Fund other than an 
ETF each date specified as such in the Issue Terms and if such a date is not a Fund Business Day, 
the immediately following Fund Business Day and (B) each date as specified as such in the Issue 
Terms or, if such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day 
unless, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, any such day is a Disrupted Day. If any such day 
is a Disrupted Day, then the corresponding provisions in the definition of Valuation Date shall 
apply mutatis mutandis as if references in such provisions to Valuation Date were to Automatic 
Early Redemption Valuation Date. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Period" means each period specified as such in the 
Issue Terms; 
"Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Time" has the meaning given it in the Issue Terms. 
"AER Value" has the meaning given to it in the Issue Terms, being a term defined in Payout 
Condition 5.2 (Value Definitions). 
"Averaging Date" means (A) in respect of a Fund other than an ETF each date specified as an 
Averaging Date in the Issue Terms or if any such date is not a Fund Valuation Date, the 
immediately following Fund Valuation Date, unless such immediately following day is not a Fund

--- Page 212 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FUND LINKED NOTES 
 
- 197 - 
 
 
Valuation Date and (B), in the case of an ETF, each date specified as an Averaging Date in the 
Issue Terms or, if any such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the immediately following 
Scheduled Trading Day unless, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent any such day is a Disrupted 
Day. If any such day is a Disrupted Day; 
If any such day is (i) not a Fund Valuation Date pursuant to (A) above (a "Fund Non-Valuation 
Date") or (ii) a Disrupted Day pursuant to (B) above, then: 
(a) 
If "Omission" is specified as applying in the Issue Terms, then such date will be deemed 
not to be an Averaging Date for the purposes of determining the relevant Settlement Price 
or NAV per Fund Share as applicable provided that if through the operation of this 
provision no Averaging Date would occur, then (i) in respect of ETFs, the provisions of 
the definition of Valuation Date will apply for purposes of determining the relevant level, 
price or amount on the final Averaging Date as if such Averaging Date were a Valuation 
Date or (ii) in respect of Funds, the Calculation Agent may, in its sole and absolute 
direction, take any of the Extraordinary Fund Event Actions; or 
(b) 
if "Postponement" is specified as applying in the Issue Terms, then in respect of ETFs 
the provisions of the definition of Valuation Date will apply for the purposes of 
determining the relevant level, price or amount on that Averaging Date as if such 
Averaging Date were a Valuation Date irrespective of whether, pursuant to such 
determination, that deferred Averaging Date would fall on a day that already is or is 
deemed to be an Averaging Date, or 
(c) 
if "Modified Postponement" is specified as applying in the Issue Terms then: 
(i) 
where the Notes are Fund Linked Notes relating to a single Fund, the Averaging 
Date shall be the first succeeding Valid Date (as defined below). (A) In the case 
of an ETF, if the first succeeding Valid Date has not occurred for a number of 
consecutive Scheduled Trading Days equal to the Specified Maximum Days of 
Disruption immediately following the original date that, but for the occurrence of 
another Averaging Date or Disrupted Day, would have been the relevant 
Averaging Date, then (A) that last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall 
be deemed to be the Averaging Date (irrespective of whether such Scheduled 
Trading Day is already an Averaging Date), and (B) the Calculation Agent shall 
determine the relevant level or price for that Averaging Date in accordance with 
sub-paragraph (a)(ii) of the definition of Valuation Date below and (B) in the case 
of a Fund that is not an ETF, if the first succeeding Valid Date has not occurred 
for a number of consecutive Fund Business Days equal to the Number of NAV 
Publication Days immediately following the original date that, but for the 
occurrence of such date being a Fund Non-Valuation Date or another Averaging 
Date, would have been the relevant Averaging Date, then, then (A) that last such 
consecutive Fund Business Day shall be deemed to be the Averaging Date 
(irrespective of whether such Fund Business Day is already an Averaging Date), 
and (B) the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute direction, take any of the 
Extraordinary Fund Event Actions; 
(ii) 
where the Notes are Fund Linked Notes relating to a Fund Basket of ETFs, the 
Averaging Date for each Fund Share not affected by the occurrence of a Disrupted 
Day shall be the originally designated Averaging Date (the "Scheduled 
Averaging Date") and the Averaging Date for each Fund Share affected by the 
occurrence of a Disrupted Day shall be the first succeeding Valid Date (as defined 
below) in relation to such Fund Share, If the first succeeding Valid Date in relation 
to such Fund Share has not occurred for a number of consecutive Scheduled 
Trading Days equal to the Specified Maximum Days of Disruption immediately 
following the original date that, but for the occurrence of another Averaging Date 
or Disrupted Day, would have been the relevant Averaging Date, then (A) that 
Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the Averaging Date (irrespective 
of whether that last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day is already an 
Averaging Date) in respect of such Fund Share, and (B) the Calculation Agent 
shall determine the relevant level, price or amount for that Averaging Date in

--- Page 213 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FUND LINKED NOTES 
 
- 198 - 
 
 
accordance with sub-paragraph (b)(ii) of the definition of Valuation Date below; 
and 
(iii) 
where the Notes are Fund Linked Notes relating to a Fund Basket of Funds that 
are not ETFs, the Averaging Date for each Fund Share not affected by the 
occurrence of a Fund Non-Valuation Date shall be the originally designated 
Averaging Date (the "Scheduled Averaging Date") and the Averaging Date for 
each Fund Share affected by the occurrence of a Fund Non-Valuation Date shall 
be the first succeeding Valid Date (as defined below) in relation to such Fund 
Share. If the first succeeding Valid Date has not occurred for a number of 
consecutive Fund Business Days equal to the Number of NAV Publication Days 
immediately following the Scheduled Valuation Date that, but for the occurrence 
of such date being a Fund Non-Valuation Date or another Averaging Date, would 
have been the relevant Averaging Date, then (A) that last such consecutive Fund 
Business Day shall be deemed to be the Averaging Date (irrespective of whether 
such Fund Business Day is already an Averaging Date), and (B) the Calculation 
Agent in its sole and absolute direction, take any of the Extraordinary Fund Event 
Actions; and 
(iv) 
for the purposes of these Fund Linked Conditions, "Valid Date" means (i) in 
respect of an ETF, a Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day and on 
which another Averaging Date does not or is not deemed to occur, or in respect 
of a Fund that is not an ETF, a Fund Valuation Date. 
"Basket Price" means, in respect of any Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date, an amount 
determined by the Calculation Agent equal to the sum of, in respect of each Fund Share, the product 
of (i) the ETF Price or NAV per Fund Share as applicable in respect of such Fund Share on such 
Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date and (ii) the relevant Weighting. 
"Basket Trigger Event" means that a Substitution Event occurs in respect of one or more Funds 
comprising the Fund Basket which has or, in the event that a Substitution Event has occurred in 
respect of more than one Fund, together have, a Weighting in the Fund Basket equal to or greater 
than the Basket Trigger Level. 
"Basket Trigger Level" has the meaning given to it in the Issue Terms or if not so specified, 50% 
"Calculation Date" means (A) in the case of a Fund other than an ETF, each day(s) specified in 
the Issue Terms, or if not so specified, each day which is a Fund Business Day and (B) in the case 
of an ETF, each day(s) specified in the Issue Terms, or if not so specified, each day which is an 
Exchange Business Day. 
"Change in Law" means that, on or after the Trade Date (as specified in the Issue Terms) (i) due 
to the adoption of or any change in any applicable law or regulation (including, without limitation, 
any tax law), or (ii) due to the promulgation of or any change in the interpretation by any court, 
tribunal or regulatory authority with competent jurisdiction of any applicable law or regulation 
(including any action taken by a taxing authority), the Issuer determines in its sole and absolute 
discretion that (A) it has become illegal to hold, acquire or dispose of any relevant Fund Share 
and/or (B) it will incur a materially increased cost in performing its obligations in relation to the 
Fund Linked Notes (including, without limitation, due to any increase in tax liability, decrease in 
tax benefit or other adverse effect on the tax position of the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates). 
"Delta-1 Termination Amount" means, in the case of Exempt Notes only, an amount determined 
in accordance with the provisions specified in the Pricing Supplement. 
"Disrupted Day" means, in the case of an ETF, any Scheduled Trading Day on which: 
(a) 
a relevant Exchange or any Related Exchange fails to open for trading during its regular 
trading session; 
(b) 
a Market Disruption Event has occurred; or

--- Page 214 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FUND LINKED NOTES 
 
- 199 - 
 
 
(c) 
where Exchange Business Day (Cross Asset Basis) and Scheduled Trading Day (Cross 
Asset Basis) are specified as applicable in the Issue Terms for (i) Fund Linked Note and 
(ii) Index Linked Notes and/or Equity Linked Notes, a Disrupted Day occurs under and as 
defined in the Index Linked Conditions and/or Equity Linked Conditions. 
"Early Closure" means, in the case of an ETF, the closure on any Exchange Business Day of the 
relevant Exchange(s) or any Related Exchange(s) prior to its Scheduled Closing Time unless such 
earlier closing time is announced by such Exchange(s) or such Related Exchange(s), as the case 
may be, at least one hour prior to the earlier of (i) the actual closing time for the regular trading 
session on such Exchange(s) or such Related Exchange(s) on such Exchange Business Day and (ii) 
the submission deadline for orders to be entered into the Exchange or Related Exchange system 
for execution at the Valuation Time on such Exchange Business Day. 
"ETF" means any Fund specified as being an Exchange Traded Fund in the Issue Terms, or if not 
so specified, any Fund which the Calculation Agent determines to be an exchange traded fund. 
"ETF Price" means, in respect of any Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date, the price per 
Fund Share as determined by the Calculation Agent as of the Valuation Time on the relevant 
Exchange on such Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date. 
"Exchange" means, in the case of an ETF and in relation to a Fund Share, each exchange or 
quotation system specified as such for such Fund Share in the Issue Terms, any successor to such 
exchange or quotation system or any substitute exchange or quotation system to which trading in 
the Fund Share has temporarily relocated (provided that the Calculation Agent has determined 
that there is comparable liquidity relative to such Fund Share on such temporary substitute 
exchange or quotation system as on the original Exchange). 
"Exchange Business Day" means in the case of an ETF, either (i) in the case of a single Fund 
Share, Exchange Business Day (Single Fund Share Basis) or (ii) in the case of a basket of Funds 
or other assets, (a) Exchange Business Day (All Fund Shares Basis) or (b) Exchange Business Day 
(Per Fund Share Basis) or (c) Exchange Business Day (Cross Asset Basis), in each case as specified 
in the Issue Terms, provided that, if no such specification is made in the Issue Terms, Exchange 
Business Day (Per Fund Share Basis) shall apply. 
"Exchange Business Day (All Fund Shares Basis)" means any Scheduled Trading Day on which 
each Exchange and each Related Exchange are open for trading during their respective regular 
trading session(s) notwithstanding any such Exchange or Related Exchange closing prior to its 
(their) Scheduled Closing Time. 
"Exchange Business Day (Cross Asset Basis)" means, in respect of a basket of assets, any 
Scheduled Trading Day on which each relevant Exchange and each Related Exchange (if any) in 
respect of all Funds comprised in the basket of assets is open for trading during its regular trading 
session(s) (notwithstanding any such Exchange or Related Exchange closing prior to its Scheduled 
Closing Time) which is also an Exchange Business Day under and as defined in the Index Linked 
Conditions and/or Equity Linked Conditions, as applicable. 
"Exchange Business Day (Per Fund Share Basis)" means, in respect of a Fund Share, any 
Scheduled Trading Day on which the relevant Exchange and the relevant Related Exchange, if any, 
in respect of such Fund Share are open for trading during their respective regular trading session(s), 
notwithstanding any such relevant Exchange or relevant Related Exchange closing prior to its 
(their) Scheduled Closing Time. 
"Exchange Business Day (Single Fund Share Basis)" means, in respect of a Fund Share, any 
Scheduled Trading Day on which the relevant Exchange and the relevant Related Exchange are 
open for trading during their respective regular trading session(s), notwithstanding any such 
relevant Exchange or relevant Related Exchange closing prior to its (their) Scheduled Closing 
Time. 
"Exchange Disruption" means, in the case of an ETF, any event (other than an Early Closure) that 
disrupts or impairs (as determined by the Calculation Agent) the ability of market participants in 
general (i) to effect transactions in, or obtain market values for, the Fund Share on the Exchange

--- Page 215 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FUND LINKED NOTES 
 
- 200 - 
 
 
or (ii) to effect transactions in, or obtain market values for, futures or options contracts on or 
relating to the Fund Share on any relevant Related Exchange. 
"Exchange Rate", in relation to a Fund Share, shall have the meaning given in the Issue Terms. 
"Extraordinary Fund Event Effective Date" means, in respect of an Extraordinary Fund Event, 
the date on which such Extraordinary Fund Event occurs, or has occurred, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion. 
"Failure to Deliver" means failure of the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates to deliver, when due, 
the Relevant Assets comprising the Entitlement, where such failure to deliver is due to illiquidity 
in the market for such Shares. 
"Final Calculation Date" means the date specified as such in the Issue Terms or, if such day is 
not a Fund Business Day, the immediately succeeding Fund Business Day. 
"Fund" means Fund(s), or sub-Fund(s) or ETF(s) specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Fund Basket" means a Basket comprising the Fund Shares (including, if applicable, Fund Shares 
in one or more ETFs) specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Fund Business Day" has the meaning specified in the Issue Terms, or, if not so specified, (i) in 
respect of a single Fund other than an ETF (Single Fund Share Basis), a date (i) that is a Fund 
Valuation Date and (ii) on which the Hedging Provider has, or could have a subscription or 
redemption order for the Fund Shares executed at the NAV per Fund Share published by the Fund 
(or the Fund Service Provider that generally published or reports that value) in respect of such 
Fund Valuation Date; (ii) in respect of an ETF, each Scheduled Trading Day; (iii) in respect of a 
Fund Basket not comprised of Fund Shares of ETFs, either Fund Business Day (All Fund Shares 
Basis) or Fund Business Day (Per Fund Share Basis) as specified in the Issue Terms, provided 
that, if no such specification is made in the Issue Terms, Fund Business Day (Per Fund Share 
Basis) shall apply; and (iv) in respect of a Fund Basket comprised of ETFs, a day which is a 
Scheduled Trading Day in respect of each Fund Share comprising the Fund Basket. 
"Fund Business Day (All Fund Shares Basis)" means with respect to a Fund Basket, a date (i) 
that is a Fund Valuation Date for all Fund Shares comprising the Fund Basket and (ii) on which 
the Hedging Provider has, or could have a subscription or redemption order for the Fund Shares 
executed at the NAV per Fund Share published by the Fund (or the Fund Service Provider that 
generally published or reports that value) in respect of such Fund Valuation Date. 
"Fund Business Day (Per Fund Share Basis)" means with respect to a Fund Share, a date (i) that 
is a Fund Valuation Date in respect of such Fund Share and (ii) on which the Hedging Provider 
has, or could have a subscription or redemption order for the Fund Shares executed at the NAV 
per Fund Share published by the Fund (or the Fund Service Provider that generally published or 
reports that value) in respect of such Fund Valuation Date. 
"Fund Documents" means, with respect to any Fund Share, the constitutive and governing 
documents, subscription agreements and other agreements of the Fund specifying the terms and 
conditions relating to such Fund Shares specified in the Issue Terms as at the Issue Date. 
"Fund Service Provider" means, in respect of any Fund, any person who is appointed to provide 
services, directly or indirectly, for such Fund, whether or not specified in the Fund Documents, 
including any investment advisor or manager, fund adviser, fund administrator, operator, 
management company, depository, custodian, sub-custodian, prime broker, administrator, trustee, 
registrar and transfer agent, domiciliary agent and any other person specified as such in the Issue 
Terms. 
"Fund Share(s)" means an ownership interest issued to or held by an investor in a fund, pooled 
investment vehicle or any other interest specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
"Fund Valuation Date" means any date as of which, in accordance with the Fund Documents, the 
Fund (or the Fund Service Provider that generally determines such value) is but for the occurrence 
of an Extraordinary Fund Event would have been scheduled to determine the NAV per Fund Share.

--- Page 216 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FUND LINKED NOTES 
 
- 201 - 
 
 
"Hedge Provider" means the party (being, inter alia, the Issuer, the Calculation Agent, an Affiliate 
or any third party) from time to time who hedges the Issuer's obligations in respect of the Notes or 
where no such party actually hedges such obligations, a hypothetical investor, who shall be deemed 
to enter into transactions as if hedging such obligations. The Hedge Provider will hold or be 
deemed to hold such number of Fund Shares, or enter or be deemed to enter into any agreement to 
purchase or deliver, or pay an amount linked to the performance of, such number of Fund Shares 
as it (or in the case of a hypothetical investor, the Calculation Agent) considers would be held by 
a prudent issuer as a hedge for its exposure under the relevant Notes. 
"Hedging Disruption" means that the Issuer or any of its Affiliates is unable, after using 
commercially reasonable efforts, to (i) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind 
or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge the fund price risk or any 
other relevant price risk including but not limited to the currency risk of the Issuer, issuing and 
performing its obligations with respect to the Notes, or (ii) freely realise, recover, remit, receive, 
repatriate or transfer the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s). 
"Implied Embedded Option Value" means an amount (which may never be less than zero) equal 
to the present value as of the Implied Embedded Option Value Determination Date of any 
scheduled but unpaid payments under the Notes in respect of the period from (and including) the 
Extraordinary Fund Event Effective Date to (and including) the Exercise Date or Expiration Date, 
as the case may be, as determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion but, 
notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, taking into account, without limitation, 
such factors as the net proceeds actually received from the redemption or sale of any Fund Shares 
by the Hedge Provider, the volatility of the Fund Shares and any transaction costs. 
"Implied Embedded Option Value Determination Date" means the date determined by the 
Calculation Agent to be the earlier of (i) the date on which the Hedge Provider receives redemption 
proceeds in full in respect of its holding of Fund Shares or (ii) the Delayed Payment Cut-off Date. 
"Increased Cost of Hedging" means that the Issuer or any of their respective Affiliates would 
incur a materially increased (as compared with circumstances existing on the Trade Date) amount 
of tax, duty, expense or fee (other than brokerage commissions) to (i) acquire, establish, re-
establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems 
necessary to hedge the market risk (including, without limitation, fund price risk, foreign exchange 
risk and interest rate risk) of the Issuer, issuing and performing its obligations with respect to the 
Notes, or (ii) realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s), provided 
that any such materially increased amount that is incurred solely due to the deterioration of the 
creditworthiness of the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates shall not be deemed an Increased Cost of 
Hedging. 
"Initial Calculation Date" means the date specified as such in the Issue Terms, or if such day is 
not a Fund Business Day, the immediately succeeding Fund Business Day. 
"Knock-in Determination Day" means the date(s) specified as such in the Issue Terms, or 
otherwise each Fund Business Day during the Knock-in Determination Period. 
"Knock-in Determination Period" means the period which commences on, and includes, the 
Knock-in Period Beginning Date and ends on, and includes, the Knock-in Period Ending Date. 
"Knock-in Event" means the Knock-in Value is (A): 
(i) 
greater than; 
(ii) 
greater than or equal to; 
(iii) 
less than; or 
(iv) 
less than or equal to, 
the Knock-in Price or (B) within or outside the Knock-in Range (x) on a Knock-in Determination 
Day or (y) in respect of any Knock-in Determination Period, as specified in the Issue Terms,

--- Page 217 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FUND LINKED NOTES 
 
- 202 - 
 
 
"Knock-in Period Beginning Date" means the date specified as such in the Issue Terms or, if the 
Knock-in Period Beginning Date Scheduled Trading Day Convention is specified as applicable in 
the Issue Terms and such date is not a Fund Business Day, the next following Fund Business Day. 
"Knock-in Period Ending Date" means the date specified as such in the Issue Terms or, if the 
Knock-in Period Ending Date Scheduled Trading Day Convention is specified as applicable in the 
Issue Terms and such date is not a Fund Business Day, the next following Fund Business Day. 
"Knock-in Price" means the price, amount, percentage or number specified as such in the Issue 
Terms, subject to adjustment from time to time in accordance with the provisions set forth in these 
Fund Linked Condition. 
"Knock-in Range" means the range of prices, amounts, percentages or numbers specified as such 
or otherwise determined in the applicable Issue Terms, subject to adjustment from time to time in 
accordance with the provisions set forth in these Fund Linked Conditions 
"Knock-in Valuation Time" means the time or period of time on any Knock-in Determination 
Day specified as such in the Issue Terms or in the event that the Issue Terms do not specify a 
Knock-in Valuation Time, the Knock-in Valuation Time shall be the Valuation Time. 
"Knock-in Value" has the meaning given to it in the Issue Terms, being a term defined in Payout 
Condition 5.2. 
"Knock-out Determination Day" means the date(s) specified as such in the Issue Terms, or 
otherwise each Fund Business Day during the Knock-out Determination Period. 
"Knock-out Determination Period" means the period which commences on, and includes, the 
Knock-out Period Beginning Date and ends on, and includes, the Knock-out Period Ending Date. 
"Knock-out Event" means the Knock-out Value is (A): 
(i) 
greater than, 
(ii) 
greater than or equal to, 
(iii) 
less than or 
(iv) 
less than or equal to 
the Knock-out Price or (B) within or outside the Knock-out Range (x) on a Knock-out 
Determination Day or (y) in respect of any Knock-out Determination Period, as specified in the 
Issue Terms. 
"Knock-out Period Beginning Date" means the date specified as such in the Issue Terms or, if 
the Knock-out Period Beginning Date Scheduled Trading Day Convention is specified as 
applicable in the Issue Terms and such date is not a Fund Business Day, the next following Fund 
Business Day. 
"Knock-out Period Ending Date" means the date specified as such in the Issue Terms or, if the 
Knock-out Period Ending Date Scheduled Trading Day Convention is specified as applicable in 
the Issue Terms and such date is not a Fund Business Day, the next following Fund Business Day. 
"Knock-out Price" means the price, amount, percentage or number specified as such in the 
applicable Issue Terms, subject to adjustment from time to time in accordance with this Fund 
Linked Condition 2. 
"Knock-out Value" has the meaning given to it in the Issue Terms, being a term defined in the 
Payout Condition 5.2. 
"Knock-out Range" means the range of prices, amounts, percentages or numbers specified as such 
or otherwise determined in the applicable Issue Terms, subject to adjustment from time to time in 
accordance with the provisions set forth in Fund Linked Condition 1 (Disrupted Day in respect of 
Notes linked to one or more ETFs) and Fund Linked Condition 4 (Extraordinary Fund Events)]

--- Page 218 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FUND LINKED NOTES 
 
- 203 - 
 
 
"Knock-out Valuation Time" means the time or period of time on any Knock-out Determination 
Day specified as such in the Issue Terms or, in the event that the Issue Terms do not specify a 
Knock-out Valuation Time, the Knock-out Valuation Time shall be the Valuation Time. 
"London Business Day" means a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets 
are generally open to settle payments and are open for general business (including dealing in 
foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in London. 
"Market Disruption Event" means, if the Fund is an ETF, in respect of a Fund Share the 
occurrence or existence of (i) a Trading Disruption, (ii) an Exchange Disruption, which in either 
case the Calculation Agent determines is material, at any time during the one hour period that (a) 
for the purposes of the occurrence of a Knock-in Event or a Knock-out Event, begins or ends at the 
time when the level of the relevant Fund Share triggers, respectively, the occurrence of the Knock-
in Event or Knock-out Event or (b) in all other circumstances that ends at the relevant Valuation 
Time, or (iii) an Early Closure. 
"NAV Barrier" has the meaning given to it in the Issue Terms. 
"NAV Trigger Event" means, in respect of any Fund Shares, that (i) the NAV per Fund Share has 
decreased by an amount equal to, or greater than, the NAV Trigger Percentage(s) at any time during 
the related NAV Trigger Period; or (ii) the Fund has violated any leverage restriction that is 
applicable to, or affecting, such Fund or its assets by operation of any law, any order or judgment 
of any court or other agency of government applicable to it or any of its assets, the Fund Documents 
or any other contractual restriction binding on or affecting the Fund or any of its assets. 
"NAV Trigger Percentage" means the percentage specified in the Issue Terms or, if not so 
specified, 50% 
"NAV Trigger Period" means the period specified in the Issue Terms, or if not so specified the 
period from and including the Initial Calculation Date to and including the Final Calculation Date. 
"NAV per Fund Share" means, subject as referred to in Averaging Date, with respect to the 
relevant Fund Share and a Fund Valuation Date: 
(a) 
in respect of a single Fund, (i) if Averaging is not specified in the Issue Terms, (A) (i) the 
net asset value per Fund Share of such Fund Shares as of the relevant Fund Valuation Date, 
or (B), if the Fund Service Provider of the Fund publishes or reports only the aggregate 
net asset value of the Fund Shares, the net asset value per Fund Share relating to such 
number of Fund Shares as of the relevant Calculation Date as calculated by the Calculation 
Agent on the basis of such aggregate net asset value of the Fund Shares divided by the 
relevant number of Fund Shares issued and outstanding on the related Fund Valuation 
Date, each of (A) or (B) as reported by the Fund Service Provider that generally publishes 
or reports such value on behalf of the Fund to its investors or a publishing service; or (ii) 
if Averaging is specified in the Issue Terms, the arithmetic mean of the net asset values 
per Fund Share, (determined in accordance with either (A) or (B) of the foregoing sentence) 
of such Fund Shares on each Averaging Date; and 
(b) 
in respect of a Fund Basket, (i) if Averaging is not specified in the Issue Terms, (A) the 
net asset value per Fund Share for each Fund Share in the Fund Basket as of the relevant 
Fund Valuation Date, or (B), if the Fund Service Provider of the Fund in relation to a Fund 
in the Fund Basket publishes or reports only the aggregate net asset value of the Fund 
Shares, the net asset value per Fund Share relating to such number of Fund Shares as of 
the relevant Calculation Date for such Fund as calculated by the Calculation Agent on the 
basis of such aggregate net asset value of the Fund Shares for such Fund divided by the 
relevant number of Fund Shares issued by such Fund and outstanding on the related Fund 
Valuation Date, or (ii) if Averaging is specified in the Issue Terms, the arithmetic mean, 
for each Fund Share in the Fund Basket of the net asset values per Fund Share for each 
Fund in the Fund Basket (determined in accordance with either (A) or (B) of the foregoing 
sentence) relating to such Fund Shares on each Averaging Date.

--- Page 219 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FUND LINKED NOTES 
 
- 204 - 
 
 
"Non-Principal Protected Termination Amount" means, in respect of each nominal amount of 
Notes equal to the Calculation Amount, an amount determined by the sum of: 
(a) 
the Implied Embedded Option Value; and 
(b) 
if Delayed Redemption on Occurrence of an Extraordinary Fund Event is specified as 
being applicable in the Issue Terms, the Simple Interest or otherwise zero. 
"Number of NAV Publication Days" means the number of calendar days specified in the Issue 
Terms, being the maximum number of days after the due date for publication or reporting of the 
NAV per Fund Share after which the Fund Service Provider or any entity fulfilling such role, 
howsoever described in the Fund Documents, or any other party acting on behalf of the Fund, may 
remedy any failure to publish or report the NAV per Fund Share before the Calculation Agent may 
determine that an Extraordinary Fund Event has occurred. 
"Observation Date" means either (i) in the case of a Fund Share other than ETF each date specified 
as an Observation Date in the Issue Terms, or if any such date is not a Fund Business Day, the 
immediately following Fund Business Day and (ii) in the case of a ETF, each date specified as an 
Observation Date in the Issue Terms, or if any such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the 
immediately following Scheduled Trading Day unless, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, 
any such day is a Disrupted Day. If any such day is a Disrupted Day, then the provisions relating 
to "Omission", "Postponement" or "Modified Postponement", as the case may be, contained in the 
definition of "Averaging Date" shall apply mutatis mutandis as if references in such provisions to 
"Averaging Date" were to "Observation Date". 
"Observation Period" means the period specified as the Observation Period in the Issue Terms. 
"Principal Protected Termination Amount" means, in respect of each nominal amount of Notes 
equal to the Calculation Amount, an amount determined by the sum of: 
(a) 
the Protected Amount; 
(b) 
the Implied Embedded Option Value; and 
(c) 
if Delayed Redemption on Occurrence of an Extraordinary Fund Event is specified as 
being applicable in the Issue Terms, the Simple Interest. 
"Protected Amount" means the amount specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
"Related Exchange" means, in the case of an ETF and in relation to a Fund Share, each exchange 
or quotation system specified as such for such Fund Share in the Issue Terms, any successor to 
such exchange or quotation system or any substitute exchange or quotation system to which trading 
in futures or options contracts relating to such Fund Share has temporarily relocated (provided 
that the Calculation Agent has determined that there is comparable liquidity relative to the futures 
or options contracts relating to such Fund Share on such temporary substitute exchange or 
quotation system as on the original Related Exchange), provided that where All Exchanges is 
specified as the Related Exchange in the Issue Terms, Related Exchange shall mean each exchange 
or quotation system where trading has a material effect (as determined by the Calculation Agent) 
on the overall market for futures or options contracts relating to such Fund Share. 
"Scheduled Trading Day" means either (i) in the case of a single ETF and in relation to a Fund 
Share, Scheduled Trading Day (Single Fund Share Basis) or (ii) in the case of a basket of Funds 
which are ETFs or other assets, (a) Scheduled Trading Day (All Fund Shares Basis) or (b) 
Scheduled Trading Day (Per Fund Share Basis) or (c) Scheduled Trading Day (Cross Asset Basis), 
in each case as specified in the Issue Terms, provided that, if no such specification is made in the 
Issue Terms, Exchange Business Day (Per Fund Share Basis) shall apply. 
"Scheduled Trading Day (All Fund Share Basis)" means any day on which each Exchange and 
each Related Exchange are scheduled to be open for trading during their respective regular trading 
session(s).

--- Page 220 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FUND LINKED NOTES 
 
- 205 - 
 
 
"Scheduled Trading Day (Cross Asset Basis)" means, in respect of a basket of assets, any day 
on which each Exchange and each Related Exchange (if any) in respect of all Funds comprised in 
the basket of assets is scheduled to be open for trading during its regular trading session which is 
also a Scheduled Trading Day for the purpose of the Index Linked Conditions and/or the Equity 
Linked Conditions, as applicable. 
"Scheduled Trading Day (Per Fund Share Basis)" means, in respect of a Fund Share, any day 
on which the relevant Exchange and the relevant Related Exchange in respect of such Fund Share 
are scheduled to be open for trading during their respective regular trading session(s). 
"Scheduled Trading Day (Single Fund Share Basis)" means any day on which the relevant 
Exchange and the relevant Related Exchange are scheduled to be open for trading during their 
respective regular trading session(s). 
"Scheduled Valuation Date" means any day which but for the occurrence of a Disrupted Day 
would have been a Valuation Date. 
"Settlement Price" means, subject as referred to in relation to any Valuation Date or Averaging 
Date, Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date, Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out 
Determination Day, as the case may be in the case of an ETF, an amount equal to the official 
closing price (or the price at the Valuation Time or Knock-in Valuation Time or Knock-out 
Valuation Time, as the case may be, on the Valuation Date, Automatic Early Redemption 
Valuation Date, Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day or an Averaging 
Date, as the case may be, if so specified in the Issue Terms) quoted on the relevant Exchange for 
such Fund Share on (a) if Averaging is not specified in the Issue Terms, the Valuation Date, 
Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date, Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out 
Determination Day or (b) if Averaging is specified in the Issue Terms, an Averaging Date (or if, 
in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, any such official closing price (or the price at the Valuation 
Time or Knock-in Valuation Time or Knock-out Valuation Time, as the case may be, on the 
Valuation Date, Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date, Knock-in Determination Day or 
Knock-out Determination Day or such Averaging Date, as the case may be, if so specified in the 
Issue Terms) cannot be so determined and the Valuation Date, Automatic Early Redemption 
Valuation Date, Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day or Averaging Date, 
as the case may be, is not a Disrupted Day, an amount determined by the Calculation Agent to be 
equal to the arithmetic mean of the closing fair market buying price (or the fair market buying price 
at the Valuation Time or Knock-in Valuation Time or Knock-out Valuation Time, as the case may 
be, on the Valuation Date, Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date, Knock-in Determination 
Day or Knock-out Determination Day or such Averaging Date, as the case may be, if so specified 
in the Issue Terms) and the closing fair market selling price (or the fair market selling price at the 
Valuation Time or Knock-in Valuation Time or Knock-out Valuation Time, as the case may be, 
on the Valuation Date, Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date, Knock-in Determination Day 
or Knock-out Determination Day or such Averaging Date, as the case may be, if so specified in the 
Issue Terms) for the Fund Share based, at the Calculation Agent's discretion, either on the 
arithmetic mean of the foregoing prices or middle market quotations provided to it by two or more 
financial institutions (as selected by the Calculation Agent) engaged in the trading of such Fund 
Share or on such other factors as the Calculation Agent shall decide). 
"Settlement Price Date" means any Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date, Coupon 
Valuation Date, Strike Date, Knock-in Determination Day, Knock-out Determination Day, 
Observation Date or Valuation Date, as the case may be. 
"Simple Interest" means an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent equal to the amount of 
interest that would accrue on the Implied Embedded Option Value during the period from (and 
including) the Implied Embedded Option Value Determination Date to (and including) the Final 
Calculation Date calculated on the basis that such interest were payable by the Floating Rate Payer 
under an interest rate swap transaction incorporating the 2006 ISDA Definitions published by the 
International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. under which: 
(a) 
the Effective Date is the Implied Embedded Option Value Determination Date; 
(b) 
the Termination Date is the Termination Date;

--- Page 221 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FUND LINKED NOTES 
 
- 206 - 
 
 
(c) 
the Floating Rate Payer Payment Date is the Termination Date; 
(d) 
the Floating Rate Option is EUR-EURIBOR-Reuters (if the Specified Notes Currency is 
EUR) or ICE LIBOR (if the Specified Notes Currency is USD); 
(e) 
the Designated Maturity is 3 months; 
(f) 
the Simple Interest Spread is as specified in the Issue Terms, or if not so specified minus 
0.125%; 
(g) 
the Floating Rate Day Count Fraction is Actual/360; 
(h) 
the Reset Date is the Implied Embedded Option Value Determination Date and each date 
falling three calendar months after the previous Reset Date; and 
(i) 
Compounding is Inapplicable, provided that if the final Compounding Period is less than 
3 months Linear Interpolation applies. 
"Specified Maximum Days of Disruption" means five (5) Scheduled Trading Days or such other 
number of Scheduled Trading Days specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Spread" is as specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Strike Date" means (i) in the case of a Fund other than an ETF, the Strike Date or Initial 
Calculation Date specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms or, if such day is not a Fund 
Business Day, the immediately succeeding Fund Business Day and (ii) in the case of a ETF the 
Strike Date specified in the Issue Terms, as may be adjusted in accordance with the definition of 
"Valuation Date" below. 
"Strike Day" means each date specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Strike Period" means the period specified as the Strike Period in the Issue Terms. 
"Termination Amount" means (i) in the case of Exempt Notes only, the Delta-1 Termination 
Amount; (ii) the Principal Protected Termination Amount or (iii) the Non-Principal Protected 
Termination Amount as specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Termination Date" means (i) the date determined by the Issuer and specified in the notice given 
to the Noteholders in accordance with these Fund Linked Conditions. 
"Trading Disruption" means, in the case of an ETF and in relation to a Fund Share, any suspension 
of or limitation imposed on trading by the relevant Exchange or Related Exchange or otherwise 
and whether by reason of movements in price exceeding limits permitted by the relevant Exchange 
or any Related Exchange or otherwise (i) relating to the Fund Share on the Exchange; or (ii) in 
futures or options contracts relating to the Fund Share on any relevant Related Exchange. 
"Valuation Date" means, in the case of Fund Linked Notes relating to one or more ETF, the 
Coupon Valuation Date, Strike Date and/or Redemption Valuation Date, as the case may be, 
specified in the Issue Terms or, if such day is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the immediately 
succeeding Scheduled Trading Day unless, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, such day is a 
Disrupted Day. If such day is a Disrupted Day, then: 
(a) 
in the case of Fund Linked Notes relating to a single Fund Share of an ETF, the Valuation 
Date shall be the first succeeding Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day, 
unless each of the number of consecutive Scheduled Trading Days equal to the Specified 
Maximum Days of Disruption immediately following the Scheduled Valuation Date is a 
Disrupted Day. In that case, (i) the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be 
deemed to be the Valuation Date, notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted 
Day, and (ii) the Calculation Agent shall determine the Settlement Price in accordance 
with its good faith estimate of the Settlement Price as of the Valuation Time on that the 
last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day; or

--- Page 222 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FUND LINKED NOTES 
 
- 207 - 
 
 
(b) 
in the case of Fund Linked Notes relating to a basket of Fund Shares of one or more ETFs, 
the Valuation Date for each Fund Share not affected by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day 
shall be the Scheduled Valuation Date, and the Valuation Date for each Fund Share 
affected (each an "Affected Item") by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day shall be the first 
succeeding Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day relating to the Affected 
Item unless each of the number of consecutive Scheduled Trading Days equal to the 
Specified Maximum Days of Disruption immediately following the Scheduled Valuation 
Date is a Disrupted Day relating to the Affected Item. In that case, (i) the last such 
consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the Valuation Date for the 
Affected Item, notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day, and (ii) the 
Calculation Agent shall determine the Settlement Price using its good faith estimate of the 
value for the Affected Item as of the Valuation Time on the last such consecutive 
Scheduled Trading Day and otherwise in accordance with the above provisions. 
"Valuation Time" in the case of an ETF and in relation to a Fund Share means either (i) the close 
of trading on the Exchange or (ii) as otherwise specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Weighting", in relation to a Fund Share, has the meaning given in the Issue Terms.

--- Page 223 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FOREIGN EXCHANGE (FX) RATE LINKED NOTES 
 
- 208 - 
 
 
ANNEX 6 
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FOREIGN EXCHANGE (FX) RATE LINKED 
NOTES 
If specified as applicable in the Issue Terms, the terms and conditions applicable to Foreign Exchange (FX) 
Rate Linked Notes shall comprise the General Conditions and the additional terms and conditions for 
Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Notes set out below (the "Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Note 
Conditions"), together with the terms and conditions as set out in each other Annex which is specified as 
applicable in the Issue Terms and subject to completion in the Issue Terms. In the event of any inconsistency 
between the General Conditions and the Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Note Conditions, the Foreign 
Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Note Conditions shall prevail. In the event of any inconsistency between the 
Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Conditions and the Payout Conditions, the Payout Conditions shall 
prevail. In the event of any inconsistency between (i) the General Conditions and/or the Foreign Exchange 
(FX) Rate Linked Note Conditions and (ii) the Issue Terms, the Issue Terms, shall prevail. 
1. 
Non-EM Valuation and Disruption Provisions 
The provisions of this Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Condition 1 apply unless EM Foreign 
Exchange (FX) Rate Provisions are specified as applicable in respect of a Subject Currency in the 
Issue Terms. 
(a) 
Disruption Events 
The occurrence of any of the following events, in respect of any Base Currency, Subject 
Currency and/or Subject Currencies, shall be a "Disruption Event": 
(i) 
Price Source Disruption; 
(ii) 
Illiquidity Disruption; 
(iii) 
Dual Exchange Rate; 
(iv) 
General Inconvertibility; 
(v) 
General Non-Transferability; 
(vi) 
Material Change in Circumstance; 
(vii) 
Nationalisation; or 
any other event that, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, is analogous to any of (i) to 
(vii) above (inclusive). 
(b) 
Consequences of a Disruption Event 
Upon a Disruption Event occurring or continuing on any Averaging Date, Settlement Price 
Date, Knock-In Determination Day or Knock-Out Determination Day (or, if different, the 
day on which prices for that date would, in the ordinary course, be published by the 
relevant Price Source) as determined by the Calculation Agent, the Calculation Agent shall 
apply the applicable Disruption Fallback in determining the consequences of the 
Disruption Event. 
"Disruption Fallback" means a source or method that may give rise to an alternative basis 
for determining the Settlement Price when a Disruption Event occurs or exists on a day 
that is an Averaging Date, Settlement Price Date, Knock-In Determination Day or Knock-
Out Determination Day (or, if different, the day on which prices for that date would, in 
the ordinary course, be published or announced by the Price Source). The Calculation 
Agent shall take the relevant actions specified in either (i), (ii) or (iii) below. 
(i) 
if an Averaging Date, Settlement Price Date, Knock-In Determination Day or 
Knock-Out Determination Day is a Disrupted Day, the Calculation Agent will 
determine that the relevant Averaging Date or Settlement Price Date, as the case

--- Page 224 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FOREIGN EXCHANGE (FX) RATE LINKED NOTES 
 
- 209 - 
 
 
may be, shall be the first succeeding Scheduled Trading Day that is not a 
Disrupted Day (in the case of the Strike Date or Valuation Date) or Valid Date 
(in the case of an Averaging Date, Observation Date, Knock-In Determination 
Day or Knock-Out Determination Day) unless each of the number of consecutive 
Scheduled Trading Days equal to the Specified Maximum Days of Disruption 
immediately following the originally scheduled Averaging Date, Settlement Price 
Date, Knock-In Determination Day or Knock-Out Determination Day, as the case 
may be, is a Disrupted Day in which case the Calculation Agent may determine 
that the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the 
Averaging Date, Settlement Price Date, Knock-In Determination Day or Knock-
Out Determination Day, as the case may be (irrespective, in the case of an 
Averaging Date, Observation Date, Knock-In Determination Day or Knock-Out 
Determination Day, of whether that last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day is 
already an Averaging Date, Observation Date, Knock-In Determination Day or 
Knock-Out Determination Day, as the case may be) and may determine the 
Settlement Price by using commercially reasonable efforts to determine a 
Settlement Price as of the Valuation Time on the last such consecutive Scheduled 
Trading Day taking into consideration all available information that in good faith 
it deems relevant; or 
(ii) 
if an Averaging Date, Settlement Price Date, Knock-In Determination Day or 
Knock-Out Determination Day is a Disrupted Day but is not the Redemption 
Valuation Date, if Delayed Redemption on the Occurrence of a Disruption Event 
is specified as being not applicable in the Issue Terms, on giving notice to 
Noteholders in accordance with General Condition 12, the Issuer shall redeem all 
but not some only of the Notes, each Note being redeemed by payment of an 
amount equal to the fair market value of such Note, less the cost to the Issuer 
and/or its Affiliates of unwinding any underlying related hedging arrangements, 
all as determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion. 
Payment shall be made in such manner as shall be notified to the Noteholders in 
accordance with General Condition 12; or 
(iii) 
if an Averaging Date, any Settlement Price Date, Knock-In Determination Day or 
Knock-Out Determination Day is a Disrupted Day but is not the Redemption 
Valuation Date, if Delayed Redemption on the Occurrence of a Disruption Event 
is specified as being applicable in the Issue Terms, the Calculation Agent shall 
calculate the fair market value of each Note less the cost to the Issuer and/or its 
Affiliates of unwinding any underlying related hedging arrangements (the 
"Calculated Foreign Exchange (FX) Disruption Amount") as soon as 
practicable following the occurrence of the Disruption Event (the "Calculated 
Foreign Exchange (FX) Disruption Amount Determination Date") and on the 
Maturity Date shall redeem each Note at an amount calculated by the Calculation 
Agent equal to (x) the Calculated Foreign Exchange (FX) Disruption Amount 
plus interest accrued on the Calculated Foreign Exchange (FX) Disruption 
Amount on a daily basis from and including the Calculated Foreign Exchange 
(FX) Disruption Amount Determination Date to but excluding the Maturity Date, 
each such daily accrual rate being at a rate equal to Issuer's funding cost on or 
about the relevant day or (y) if greater, its nominal amount. 
2. 
EM Currency Valuation and Disruption Provisions 
The provisions of this Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Condition (b) apply where EM Foreign 
Exchange (FX) Rate Provisions are specified as applicable in respect of a Subject Currency in the 
Issue Terms. 
(a) 
EM Disruption Events 
If so specified in the Issue Terms, the occurrence of any of the following events, in respect 
of any Base Currency, Subject Currency and/or Subject Currencies, shall be an "EM 
Disruption Event":

--- Page 225 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FOREIGN EXCHANGE (FX) RATE LINKED NOTES 
 
- 210 - 
 
 
(i) 
Price Source Disruption; 
(ii) 
Illiquidity Disruption; 
(iii) 
Dual Exchange Rate; 
(iv) 
General Inconvertibility; 
(v) 
General Non-Transferability; 
(vi) 
Material Change in Circumstance; 
(vii) 
Nationalisation; 
(viii) 
Price Materiality; and/or 
any other event that, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, is analogous to any of (i) to 
(viii) above (inclusive). 
The Calculation Agent shall give notice as soon as practicable to Noteholders in 
accordance with General Condition 12 of the occurrence of a Disrupted Day on any day 
that but for the occurrence of the Disrupted Day would have been an Averaging Date, 
Settlement Price Date, Knock-In Determination Day or Knock-Out Determination Day, as 
the case may be. 
(b) 
Consequences of an EM Disruption Event 
Upon an EM Disruption Event occurring or continuing on any Averaging Date, Settlement 
Price Date, Knock-In Determination Day or Knock-Out Determination Day, as the case 
may be (or, if different, the day on which prices for that date would, in the ordinary course, 
be published by the relevant EM FX Price Source) as determined by the Calculation Agent, 
the Calculation Agent shall apply in determining the consequences of the EM Disruption 
Event: (a) EM Calculation Agent Determination where the applicable EM Disruption 
Event is other than Price Source Disruption or Price Materiality; and (b) the applicable 
EM Disruption Fallback where the applicable EM Disruption Event is a Price Source 
Disruption or Price Materiality. 
(c) 
Unscheduled Holiday 
If the Calculation Agent determines that a date that would otherwise have been a 
Settlement Price Date, Averaging Date, Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out 
Determination Day is an Unscheduled Holiday in respect of a Subject Currency, then such 
date shall be the immediately succeeding Scheduled Trading Day after the occurrence of 
the Unscheduled Holiday, subject as provided above, and Provided that if such 
Settlement Price Date, Averaging Date, Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out 
Determination Day, as the case may be, has not occurred on or before the EM Maximum 
Days of Postponement then the next Scheduled Trading Day after such period that would 
have been a Scheduled Trading Day but for the Unscheduled Holiday shall be deemed to 
be the relevant date for valuation and the Settlement Price shall be determined by the 
Calculation Agent on such day in its sole discretion acting in good faith having taken into 
account relevant market practice and by reference to such additional source(s) as it deems 
appropriate. 
(d) 
Cumulative Events 
If "Cumulative Events" is specified as applicable in the Issue Terms in respect of a 
Settlement Currency then, in no event shall the total number of consecutive calendar days 
during which a Settlement Price Date, Averaging Date, Knock-in Determination Day or 
Knock-out Determination Day is deferred due to either (i) an Unscheduled Holiday or (ii) 
an EM Valuation Postponement (or a combination of both (i) and (ii)) exceed the EM 
Maximum Cumulative Days of Postponement in the aggregate. If a Settlement Price Date, 
Averaging Date, Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day, as the

--- Page 226 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FOREIGN EXCHANGE (FX) RATE LINKED NOTES 
 
- 211 - 
 
 
case may be, is postponed by the number of calendar days equal to the EM Maximum 
Cumulative Days of Postponement and at the end of such period (i) an Unscheduled 
Holiday shall have occurred or be continuing on the day immediately following such 
period (the "Final Day"), then such Final Day shall be deemed to be the Settlement Price 
Date, Averaging Date, Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day, as 
the case may be, and (ii) if a Price Source Disruption shall have occurred or be continuing 
on the Final Day, then Valuation Postponement shall not apply and the Settlement Price 
shall be determined in accordance with the next applicable EM Disruption Fallback. 
(e) 
Postponement of payment or settlement days 
Where any Settlement Price Date, Averaging Date, Knock-In Determination Day or 
Knock-Out Determination Day is postponed as a consequence of the provisions of this 
Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Condition 2, then the corresponding date for payment 
or delivery of any assets shall fall on the later of (a) in the case of Exempt Notes only, the 
date for such payment or delivery otherwise determined in accordance with the Pricing 
Supplement and (b) the day falling the EM Number of Postponement Settlement Days 
specified in the Issue Terms (or, if none are so specified, two Business Days) after the last 
occurring Settlement Price Date, Averaging Date, Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-
out Determination Day, as the case may be. 
3. 
Knock-in Event and Knock-out Event 
(a) 
This Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Condition 3 is applicable only: 
(i) 
If "Knock-in Event" is specified as applicable in the Issue Terms, in which case 
any payment under the Notes which is expressed in the Conditions to be subject 
to a Knock-in Event shall be conditional upon the occurrence of such Knock-in 
Event; or 
(ii) 
If "Knock-out Event" is specified as applicable in the Issue Terms, in which case 
any payment under the Notes which is expressed in the Conditions to be subject 
to a Knock-out Event, shall be conditional upon the occurrence of such Knock-
out Event. 
(b) 
If the Knock-in Valuation Time or the Knock-out Valuation Time specified in the Issue 
Terms is the Valuation Time or, as the case may be, EM Valuation Time and if a 
Disruption Event or an EM Disruption Event would otherwise have occurred on any 
Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day, then, unless otherwise 
specified in the Issue Terms, such Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out 
Determination Day will be deemed not to be a Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out 
Determination Day for the purposes of determining the occurrence of a Knock-in Event 
or a Knock-out Event. 
(c) 
If the Knock-in Valuation Time or the Knock-out Valuation Time specified in the Issue 
Terms is any time or period of time other than the Valuation Time or, as the case may be, 
EM Valuation Time during the regular trading hours for the Base Currency, Subject 
Currency and/or Subject Currencies and if on any Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-
out Determination Day and at any time during the one-hour period that begins or ends at 
the time at which a Knock-in Event or Knock-out Event would otherwise have occurred, 
a Disruption Event or an EM Disruption Event occurs or exists, then, unless otherwise 
specified in the Issue Terms, the Knock-in Event or the Knock-out Event shall be deemed 
not to have occurred. 
4. 
Automatic Early Redemption Event 
If "Automatic Early Redemption Event" is specified as applicable in the Issue Terms, then, unless 
previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, if (i) on any Automatic Early Redemption 
Valuation Date (ii) in respect of an Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Period if on any or all 
Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date(s), as specified in the Issue Terms, an Automatic 
Early Redemption Event occurs, all but not some only of the Notes will be automatically redeemed

--- Page 227 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FOREIGN EXCHANGE (FX) RATE LINKED NOTES 
 
- 212 - 
 
 
on the Automatic Early Redemption Date immediately following such Automatic Early 
Redemption Valuation Date or Automatic Early Redemption Period, as applicable, and the Issuer 
shall redeem each Note at an amount equal to the relevant Automatic Early Redemption Amount. 
5. 
Consequences of an Additional Disruption Event 
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Additional Disruption Event has occurred, the Issuer 
may redeem the Notes by giving notice to Noteholders in accordance with General Condition 12. 
If the Notes are so redeemed the Issuer will pay an amount to each Noteholder in respect of each 
Note held by him which amount shall be the fair market value of a Note, taking into account the 
Additional Disruption Event, less the cost to the Issuer and/or its Affiliates of unwinding any 
underlying related hedging arrangements all as determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole and 
absolute discretion. Payments will be made in such manner as shall be notified to the Noteholders 
in accordance with General Condition 12. 
6. 
Definitions 
"Additional Disruption Event" means any of Change in Law, Hedging Disruption or Increased 
Cost of Hedging, in each case if specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Amount" means, in respect of each nominal amount of Notes 
equal to the Calculation Amount, an amount equal to the Automatic Early Redemption Payout set 
out in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Date" means each date specified as such in the Issue Terms, or if 
such date is not a Business Day, the next following Business Day and no Noteholder shall be 
entitled to any interest or further payment in respect of any such delay. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Event" means the AER Value is (A): 
(i) 
greater than; 
(ii) 
greater than or equal to; 
(iii) 
less than; or 
(iv) 
less than or equal to, 
the Automatic Early Redemption Level, (i), (ii), (iii) or (iv) applying or (B) within or outside the 
Automatic Early Redemption Range, as specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Level" means the price, level, amount, percentage or value 
specified as such or otherwise determined in the Issue Terms, subject to adjustment in accordance 
with the provisions set forth in Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Condition 1 and Foreign 
Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Condition 2. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Payout" is as specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Range" means the range of levels, prices, amounts, percentages 
or values specified as such or otherwise determined in the applicable Issue Terms, subject to 
adjustment from time to time in accordance with the provisions set forth in Foreign Exchange (FX) 
Linked Condition 1. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date" means each date specified as such in the Issue 
Terms or, if such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, (a) unless EM Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate 
Provisions are specified as applicable in respect of the relevant Subject Currency in the Issue 
Terms, the next following Scheduled Trading Day unless, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, 
any such day is a Disrupted Day; or (b) where EM Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Provisions are 
specified as applicable in respect of the relevant Subject Currency in the Issue Terms, the 
immediately preceding Scheduled Trading Day for such Subject Currency and, in the event of an 
Unscheduled Holiday, subject to adjustment as set out in Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Note 
Condition 2(c) above, unless, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, the resultant day determined

--- Page 228 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FOREIGN EXCHANGE (FX) RATE LINKED NOTES 
 
- 213 - 
 
 
in accordance with this sub-paragraph (b) is a Disrupted Day. If any such day is a Disrupted Day, 
then the Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date shall be delayed in accordance with the 
corresponding provisions of the definition of Valuation Date which shall apply mutatis mutandis 
as if references in such provisions to Valuation Date were to Automatic Early Redemption 
Valuation Date. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Period" means the period specified as such in the 
applicable Issue Terms. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Time" has the meaning given it in the applicable Issue 
Terms. 
"AER Value" has the meaning given to it in the Issue Terms, being a term defined in Payout 
Condition 5.1. 
"Averaging Date" means the dates specified as such in the Issue Terms or, if any such day is not 
a Scheduled Trading Day, (a) unless EM Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Provisions are specified as 
applicable in respect of the relevant Subject Currency in the Issue Terms, the immediately 
succeeding Scheduled Trading Day unless, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, any such day 
is a Disrupted Day, in which case the provisions of Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Note 
Condition 1(b) shall apply; or (b) where EM Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Provisions are specified 
as applicable in respect of the relevant Subject Currency in the Issue Terms, the immediately 
preceding Scheduled Trading Day for such Subject Currency and, in the event of an Unscheduled 
Holiday, subject to adjustment as set out in Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Note Condition 
2(c) above, unless, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, the resultant day determined in 
accordance with this sub-paragraph (b) is a Disrupted Day, in which case the provisions of Foreign 
Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Note Condition 2(b) shall apply. 
"Base Currency" means the currency specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
"Change in Law" means that, on or after the Trade Date (as specified in the Issue Terms) (A) due 
to the adoption of or any change in any applicable law or regulation (including, without limitation, 
any tax law), or (B) due to the promulgation of or any change in the interpretation by any court, 
tribunal or regulatory authority with competent jurisdiction of any applicable law or regulation 
(including any action taken by a taxing authority), the Issuer determines in its sole and absolute 
discretion that it is unable to perform its obligations in respect of the Notes or it has become illegal 
to hold, acquire or dispose of any relevant hedge positions in respect of the Notes. 
"Dual Exchange Rate" means that any of the Base Currency, Subject Currency and/or Subject 
Currencies, splits into dual or multiple currency exchange rates. 
"Disrupted Day" means any Scheduled Trading Day on which the Calculation Agent determines 
that a Disruption Event or EM Disruption Event has occurred. 
"EM Disruption Fallback" means a source or method that may give rise to an alternative basis 
for determining the Settlement Price when an EM Disruption Event occurs or exists on a day that 
is an Averaging Date, Settlement Price Date, Knock-In Determination Day or Knock-Out 
Determination Day (or, if different, the day on which prices for that date would, in the ordinary 
course, be published or announced by the EM FX Price Source) being, in respect of a Subject 
Currency, any of EM Calculation Agent Determination, EM First Fallback Reference Price, EM 
Second Fallback Reference Price and EM Valuation Postponement, as so specified in the Issue 
Terms for such Subject Currency. Where more than one EM Disruption Fallback is so specified 
then such EM Disruption Fallbacks shall apply in the order in which they are specified in the Issue 
Terms until the Settlement Price can be determined for such exchange rate relating to that 
Settlement Currency for such Averaging Date, Settlement Price Date, Knock-In Determination 
Day or Knock-Out Determination Day. 
Where: 
(a) 
"EM Calculation Agent Determination" means that the Calculation Agent shall 
determine the Settlement Price taking into consideration all information that it deems 
relevant.

--- Page 229 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FOREIGN EXCHANGE (FX) RATE LINKED NOTES 
 
- 214 - 
 
 
(b) 
"EM First Fallback Reference Price" means that the Calculation Agent shall determine 
the Settlement Price by reference to the applicable First Fallback Reference Price and, for 
which purpose, references in the definition of Settlement Price to "EM FX Price Source", 
"EM Valuation Time" and "EM Number of Settlement Days" shall be construed, 
respectively, to be to "First Fallback EM FX Price Source", "First Fallback Valuation 
Time" and "First Fallback EM Number of Settlement Days" (in each case, where such 
terms shall have the meanings given to them in the Issue Terms). 
(c) 
"EM Second Fallback Reference Price" means that the Calculation Agent shall 
determine the Settlement Price by reference to the applicable Second Fallback Reference 
Price and, for which purpose, references in the definition of Settlement Price to "EM FX 
Price Source", "EM Valuation Time" and "EM Number of Settlement Days" shall be 
construed, respectively, to be to "Second Fallback EM FX Price Source", "Second 
Fallback Valuation Time" and "Second Fallback EM Number of Settlement Days" (in each 
case, where such terms shall have the meanings given to them in the Issue Terms). 
(d) 
"EM Valuation Postponement" means that the Settlement Price shall be determined on 
the immediately succeeding Scheduled Trading Day which is not a Disrupted Day unless 
the Calculation Agent determines that no such Scheduled Trading Day which is not a 
Disrupted Day has occurred on or before the day falling the EM Maximum Days of 
Postponement following the originally designated Averaging Date, Valuation Date, 
Knock-In Determination Day or Knock-Out Determination Day, as the case may be. In 
such event, the Settlement Price shall be determined on the next Scheduled Trading Day 
after the EM Maximum Days of Postponement (notwithstanding the fact that day may be 
a Disrupted Day) in accordance with the next applicable EM Disruption Fallback. 
"EM FX Price Source" means, in respect of a Subject Currency, the price source(s) specified as 
such in the Issue Terms (or any successor to such price source(s) as determined by the Calculation 
Agent). 
"EM Maximum Cumulative Days of Postponement" means the number of days specified as 
such in the Issue Terms or, if no such number is specified, 30 calendar days. 
"EM Maximum Days of Postponement" means the number of days specified as such in the Issue 
Terms or, if no such number is specified, 30 calendar days. 
"EM Number of Settlement Days" means, in respect of a Subject Currency, the number of days 
on which commercial banks are open (or, but for the occurrence of an EM Disruption Event would 
have been open) for business (including dealings in foreign exchange in accordance with the 
market practice of the foreign exchange market) in the or each Settlement Day Centre specified as 
such in the Issue Terms (each, an "EM Settlement Day"). Where no such number or zero is so 
specified, then such rate shall be for settlement on the same day. 
"EM Price Materiality Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the Issue Terms 
or, if no such percentage is specified, 3% 
"EM Primary Rate" means, in respect of a Subject Currency, the rate specified as such for such 
Subject Currency in the Issue Terms. 
"EM Secondary Rate" means, in respect of a Subject Currency, the rate specified as such for such 
Subject Currency in the Issue Terms. 
"EM Valuation Time" means, unless otherwise specified in the Issue Terms, the time at which 
the EM FX Price Source publishes the relevant rate or rates from which the Settlement Price is 
calculated. 
"General Inconvertibility" means the occurrence of any event that generally makes it impossible 
to convert a Subject Currency into the Base Currency in a Subject Currency Jurisdiction through 
customary legal channels. 
"General Non-Transferability" means the occurrence of any event that generally makes it 
impossible to deliver (A) the Base Currency from accounts inside a Subject Currency Jurisdiction

--- Page 230 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FOREIGN EXCHANGE (FX) RATE LINKED NOTES 
 
- 215 - 
 
 
to accounts outside a Subject Currency Jurisdiction or (B) the Subject Currency between accounts 
inside a Subject Currency Jurisdiction or to a party that is a non-resident of a Subject Currency 
Jurisdiction. 
"Governmental Authority" means (i) any de facto or de jure government (or any agency, 
instrumentality, ministry or department thereof), court, tribunal, administrative or other 
governmental authority or (ii) any other entity (private or public) charged with the regulation of 
the financial markets (including the central bank), in each case in any relevant jurisdiction. 
"Hedging Disruption" means that the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates is unable, after using 
commercially reasonable efforts, to (A) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, 
unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge any relevant price 
risk of the Issuer issuing and performing its obligations with respect to the Notes, or (B) freely 
realise, recover, remit, receive, repatriate or transfer the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or 
asset(s). 
"Illiquidity Disruption" means the occurrence of any event in respect of any of the Base Currency, 
Subject Currency and/or Subject Currencies whereby it becomes impossible for the Calculation 
Agent to obtain a firm quote for such currency in an amount deemed necessary by the Calculation 
Agent to hedge its obligations under the Notes (in one or more transaction(s)) on the relevant 
Averaging Date, Settlement Price Date, Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out Determination 
Day (or, if different, the day on which rates for such Averaging Date, Settlement Price Date, 
Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day would, in the ordinary course, be 
published or announced by the relevant Price Source or EM FX Price Source). 
"Increased Cost of Hedging" means that the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates would incur a 
materially increased (as compared with circumstances existing on the Trade Date) amount of tax, 
duty, expense or fee (other than brokerage commissions) to (A) acquire, establish, re-establish, 
substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge 
the market risk (including, without limitation foreign exchange risk and interest rate risk) of the 
Issuer issuing and performing its obligations with respect to the Notes, or (B) realise, recover or 
remit the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s), provided that any such materially 
increased amount that is incurred solely due to the deterioration of the creditworthiness of the 
Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates shall not be deemed an Increased Cost of Hedging. 
"Knock-in Determination Day" means the date(s) specified as such in the Issue Terms, or 
otherwise each Scheduled Trading Day during the Knock-In Determination Period. 
"Knock-in Determination Period" means the period which commences on, and includes, the 
Knock-in Period Beginning Date and ends on, and includes, the Knock-in Period Ending Date. 
"Knock-in Event" means the Knock-in Value is (A): 
(i) 
greater than; 
(ii) 
greater than or equal to; 
(iii) 
less than; or 
(iv) 
less than or equal to, 
the Knock-in Level (x) or (B) within or outside the Knock-in Range on a Knock-in Determination 
Day or (y) in respect of any Knock-in Determination Period, as specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Knock-in Level" means the FX Knock-in Level or the price, level, amount, percentage or value 
specified as such or otherwise determined in the applicable Issue Terms, subject to adjustment in 
accordance with the provisions set forth in Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Condition 1(a) and 
Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Condition 1(b). 
"Knock-in Period Beginning Date" means the date specified as such in the Issue Terms or, if the 
Knock-In Period Beginning Date Scheduled Trading Day Convention is specified as applicable in

--- Page 231 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FOREIGN EXCHANGE (FX) RATE LINKED NOTES 
 
- 216 - 
 
 
the Issue Terms and such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled 
Trading Day. 
"Knock-in Period Ending Date" means the date specified as such in the Issue Terms or, if the 
Knock-In Period Ending Date Scheduled Trading Day Convention is specified as applicable in the 
Issue Terms and such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading 
Day. 
"Knock-in Range" means the range of levels, prices, amounts, percentages or values specified as 
such or otherwise determined in the applicable Issue Terms, subject to adjustment from time to 
time in accordance with the provisions set forth in Foreign Exchange (FX) Linked Condition 1 
(Non-EM Valuation and Disruption Provisions) or, as the case may be, Foreign Exchange (FX) 
Linked Condition 2 (EM Currency Valuation and Disruption Provisions). 
"Knock-in Valuation Time" means the time or period of time on any Knock-in Determination 
Day specified as such in the Issue Terms or in the event that the Issue Terms do not specify a 
Knock-in Valuation Time, the Knock-in Valuation Time shall be the Valuation Time or, as the 
case may be, EM Valuation Time. 
"Knock-in Value" has the meaning given to it in the Issue Terms, being a term defined in Payout 
Condition 5.2. 
"Knock-out Determination Day" means the date(s) specified as such in the Issue Terms, or 
otherwise each Scheduled Trading Day during the Knock-Out Determination Period. 
"Knock-out Determination Period" means the period which commences on, and includes, the 
Knock-out Period Beginning Date and ends on, and includes, the Knock-out Period Ending Date. 
"Knock-out Event" means the Knock-out Value is (A): 
(i) 
greater than, 
(ii) 
greater than or equal to, 
(iii) 
less than or 
(iv) 
less than or equal to, 
the Knock-out Level or (B) within or outside the Knock-out Range, (x) on a Knock-out 
Determination Day or (y) in respect of any Knock-out Determination Period, as specified in the 
Issue Terms. 
"Knock-out Level" means the price, level, amount, percentage or value specified as such or 
otherwise determined in the Issue Terms, subject to adjustment in accordance with Foreign 
Exchange (FX) Linked Rate Condition 1(a) and Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Condition 
1(b). 
"Knock-out Period Beginning Date" means the date specified as such in the Issue Terms or, if 
the Knock-Out Period Beginning Date Scheduled Trading Day Convention is specified as 
applicable in the Issue Terms and such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following 
Scheduled Trading Day. 
"Knock-out Period Ending Date" means the date specified as such in the Issue Terms or, if the 
Knock-Out Period Ending Date Scheduled Trading Day Convention is specified as applicable in 
the Issue Terms and such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled 
Trading Day. 
"Knock-out Range" means the range of levels, prices, amounts, percentages or values specified 
as such or otherwise determined in the applicable Issue Terms, subject to adjustment from time to 
time in accordance with the provisions set forth in Foreign Exchange (FX) Linked Condition 1 
(Non-EM Valuation and Disruption Provisions) or, as the case may be, Foreign Exchange (FX) 
Linked Condition 2 (EM Currency Valuation and Disruption Provisions).

--- Page 232 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FOREIGN EXCHANGE (FX) RATE LINKED NOTES 
 
- 217 - 
 
 
"Knock-out Valuation Time" means the time or period of time on any Knock-out Determination 
Day specified as such in the Issue Terms or in the event that the Issue Terms do not specify a 
Knock-out Valuation Time, the Knock-out Valuation Time shall be the Valuation Time or, as the 
case may be, EM Valuation Time. 
"Knock-out Value" has the meaning given to it in the Issue Terms, being a term defined in Payout 
Condition 5.2. 
"Material Change in Circumstance" means the occurrence of any event (other than those events 
specified as Disruption Events or, as the case may be, EM Disruption Events) in the Subject 
Currency Jurisdiction beyond the control of the parties to a hedging arrangement in respect of the 
Notes which makes it impossible (A) for a party to fulfil its obligations under the hedging 
arrangement or (B) generally to fulfil obligations similar to such party's obligations under that 
hedging arrangement. 
"Nationalisation" means any expropriation, confiscation, requisition, nationalisation or other 
action by any Governmental Authority which deprives a party to a hedging arrangement in respect 
of the Notes of all or substantially all of its assets in the Subject Currency Jurisdiction. 
"Observation Date" means the dates specified as such in the Issue Terms or, if any such day is 
not a Scheduled Trading Day, (a) unless EM Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Provisions are specified 
as applicable in respect of the relevant Subject Currency in the Issue Terms, the immediately 
following Scheduled Trading Day unless, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, any such day is 
the Disrupted Day, in which case the provisions of Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Note 
Condition 1(b) shall apply; or (b) where EM Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Provisions are specified 
as applicable in respect of the relevant Subject Currency in the Issue Terms, the immediately 
preceding Scheduled Trading Day for such Subject Currency and, in the event of an Unscheduled 
Holiday, subject to adjustment as set out in Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Note Condition 
2(c) above, unless, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, the resultant day determined in 
accordance with this sub-paragraph (b) is a Disrupted Day, in which case the provisions of Foreign 
Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Note Condition 2(b) shall apply. 
"Price Materiality" means that, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, the EM Primary 
Rate differs from any EM Secondary Rate by at least the EM Price Materiality Percentage or if 
there are insufficient responses on the relevant Settlement Price Date, Averaging Date, Knock-In 
Determination Day or Knock-Out Determination Day to any survey used to calculate any such rate, 
then the EM Price Materiality Percentage will be deemed to be met. 
"Price Source" means the published source, information vendor or provider containing or 
reporting the rate or rates from which the Settlement Price is calculated as specified in the Issue 
Terms. 
"Price Source Disruption" means that it becomes impossible to obtain the rate or rates from which 
the Settlement Price is calculated. 
"Relevant Screen Page" means the relevant page specified as such in the Issue Terms or any 
successor to such page or service acceptable to the Calculation Agent. 
"Scheduled Trading Day" means: 
(a) 
where EM Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Provisions are specified as not applicable in 
respect of a Subject Currency, a day on which commercial banks are open (or, but for the 
occurrence of a Disruption Event would have been open) for business (including dealings 
in foreign exchange in accordance with the market practice of the foreign exchange market) 
in the principal financial centre of each of the Base Currency and the Subject Currency or 
Subject Currencies. In the case of euro, for these purposes, the principal financial centre 
shall be deemed to mean each of Frankfurt and Brussels; and 
(b) 
where EM Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Provisions are specified as applicable in respect 
of a Subject Currency, a day on which commercial banks are open (or, but for the 
occurrence of an EM Disruption Event would have been open) for business (including 
dealings in foreign exchange in accordance with the market practice of the foreign

--- Page 233 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FOREIGN EXCHANGE (FX) RATE LINKED NOTES 
 
- 218 - 
 
 
exchange market) in the or each EM Scheduled Trading Day Jurisdiction specified in the 
Issue Terms Provided that where the Subject Currency is BRL, then notwithstanding the 
foregoing, if the Settlement Price Date, Averaging Date, Knock-In Determination Day or 
Knock-Out Determination Day falls on a date that, as the Trade Date, is not a scheduled 
day on which commercial banks are open (or, but for the occurrence of an EM Disruption 
Event would have been open) for business (including dealings in foreign exchange in 
accordance with the market practice of the foreign exchange market) in New York City 
(an "NYC Business Day"), then no adjustment to such date shall be made on account of 
the fact that such date is not an NYC Business Day. 
"Settlement Price" means, subject as referred to in Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Notes 
Condition 1 or Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Notes Condition 1(b) above, as the case may 
be: 
(a) 
in the case of Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Notes relating to a basket of Subject 
Currencies and in respect of a Subject Currency: 
(i) 
unless EM Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Provisions are specified as applicable in 
respect of such Subject Currency in the Issue Terms, the spot rate of exchange 
appearing on the Relevant Screen Page at the Valuation Time or Knock-in 
Valuation Time or Knock-out Valuation Time, as applicable, on (a) if Averaging 
is not specified in the Issue Terms, the relevant Settlement Price Date, Knock-In 
Determination Day or Knock-Out Determination Day or (b) if Averaging is 
specified in the Issue Terms, an Averaging Date, for the exchange of such Subject 
Currency into the Base Currency (expressed as the number of units (or part units) 
of such Subject Currency for which one unit of the Base Currency can be 
exchanged) or, if such rate is not available, the arithmetic mean (rounded, if 
necessary, to four decimal places (with 0.00005 being rounded upwards)) as 
determined by or on behalf of the Calculation Agent of the bid and offer Subject 
Currency/Base Currency exchange rates (expressed as aforesaid) at the Valuation 
Time or Knock-in Valuation Time or Knock-out Valuation Time, as applicable, 
on the relevant Settlement Price Date, Averaging Date, Knock-In Determination 
Day or Knock-Out Determination Day, as the case may be, of two or more leading 
dealers (as selected by the Calculation Agent) on a foreign exchange market (as 
selected by the Calculation Agent), multiplied by the relevant Weighting; or 
(ii) 
where EM Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Provisions are specified as applicable in 
respect of such Subject Currency in the Issue Terms, the rate of exchange 
appearing on the EM FX Price Source at the EM Valuation Time or Knock-in 
Valuation Time or Knock-out Valuation Time, as applicable, on (a) if Averaging 
is not specified in the Issue Terms, the relevant Settlement Price Date, Knock-in 
Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day or (b) if Averaging is 
specified in the Issue Terms, an Averaging Date, for the exchange of such Subject 
Currency per one unit of the Base Currency for settlement on the EM Number of 
Settlement Days, multiplied by the relevant Weighting; and 
(b) 
in the case of Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Notes relating to a single Subject 
Currency: 
(i) 
unless EM Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Provisions are specified as applicable in 
respect of such Subject Currency in the Issue Terms, an amount equal to the spot 
rate of exchange appearing on the Relevant Screen Page at the Valuation Time or 
Knock-in Valuation Time or Knock-out Valuation Time, as applicable, on (a) if 
Averaging is not specified in the Issue Terms, the relevant Settlement Price Date, 
Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day or (b) if 
Averaging is specified in the Issue Terms, an Averaging Date, for the exchange 
of such Subject Currency into the Base Currency (expressed as the number of 
units (or part units) of the Subject Currency for which one unit of the Base 
Currency can be exchanged) or, if such rate is not available, the arithmetic mean 
(rounded, if necessary, to four decimal places (with 0.00005 being rounded 
upwards)) as determined by or on behalf of the Calculation Agent of the bid and

--- Page 234 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FOREIGN EXCHANGE (FX) RATE LINKED NOTES 
 
- 219 - 
 
 
offer Subject Currency/Base Currency exchange rates (expressed as aforesaid) at 
the Valuation Time or Knock-in Valuation Time or Knock-out Valuation Time, 
as applicable, on the relevant Settlement Price Date, Averaging Date, Knock-In 
Determination Day or Knock-Out Determination Day, as the case may be, of two 
or more leading dealers (as selected by the Calculation Agent) on a foreign 
exchange market (as selected by the Calculation Agent); or 
(ii) 
where EM Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Provisions are specified as applicable in 
respect of such Subject Currency in the Issue Terms, the rate of exchange 
appearing on the EM FX Price Source at the EM Valuation Time or Knock-in 
Valuation Time or Knock-out Valuation Time, as applicable, on (a) if Averaging 
is not specified in the Issue Terms, the relevant Settlement Price Date, Knock-In 
Determination Day or Knock-Out Determination Day or (b) if Averaging is 
specified in the Issue Terms, an Averaging Date, for the exchange of such Subject 
Currency per one unit of the Base Currency for settlement on the EM Number of 
Settlement Days. 
"Settlement Price Date" means the Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date, Coupon 
Valuation Date, Strike Date, Observation Date or Valuation Date, as the case may be. 
"Specified Maximum Days of Disruption" means the number of days specified in the Issue 
Terms, or if not so specified, five Scheduled Trading Days. 
"Strike Date" means the Strike Date specified in the Issue Terms or, if such day is not a Scheduled 
Trading Day, (a) unless EM Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Provisions are specified as applicable in 
respect of the relevant Subject Currency in the Issue Terms, the immediately succeeding Scheduled 
Trading Day unless, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, any such day is a Disrupted Day, in 
which case the provisions of Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Note Condition 1(b) 
(Consequences of a Disruption Event) or, or (b) where EM Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Provisions 
are specified as applicable in respect of the relevant Subject Currency in the Issue Terms, the 
immediately preceding Scheduled Trading Day for such Subject Currency and, in the event of an 
Unscheduled Holiday, subject to adjustment as set out in Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Note 
Condition 2(c) above, unless, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, the resultant day determined 
in accordance with this sub-paragraph (b) is a Disrupted Day, in which case the provisions of 
Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Note Condition 2(b) shall apply. 
"Strike Day" means each date specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Strike Period" means the period specified as the Strike Period in the Issue Terms. 
"Subject Currency" means the currency(ies) specified as such in the Issue Terms (together, 
"Subject Currencies"). 
"Subject Currency Jurisdiction" means each country for which the relevant Subject Currency is 
the lawful currency. 
"Unscheduled Holiday" means a day that is not a Scheduled Trading Day and the market was not 
aware of such fact (by means of a public announcement or by reference to other publicly available 
information) until a time later than 9:00 a.m. local time in the principal financial centre of the 
Subject Currency two Scheduled Trading Days prior to the relevant scheduled Settlement Price 
Date, Averaging Date, Knock-In Determination Day or Knock-Out Determination Day. 
"Valid Date" means, in respect of an Averaging Date or an Observation Date or Knock-In 
Determination Day or Knock-Out Determination Day, a Scheduled Trading Day that is not a 
Disrupted Day and on which another Averaging Date or Observation Date or Knock-In 
Determination Day or Knock-Out Determination Day, respectively, does not occur. 
"Valuation Date" means any Coupon Valuation Date and/or Redemption Valuation Date, as the 
case may be, specified in the Issue Terms or, if such day is not a Scheduled Trading Day, (a) unless 
EM Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Provisions are specified as applicable in respect of the relevant 
Subject Currency in the Issue Terms, the immediately succeeding Scheduled Trading Day unless, 
in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, any such day is a Disrupted Day, in which case the

--- Page 235 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FOREIGN EXCHANGE (FX) RATE LINKED NOTES 
 
- 220 - 
 
 
provisions of Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Note Condition 1(b) shall apply; or (b) where 
EM Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Provisions are specified as applicable in respect of the relevant 
Subject Currency in the Issue Terms, the immediately preceding Scheduled Trading Day for such 
Subject Currency and, in the event of an Unscheduled Holiday, subject to adjustment as set out in 
Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Note Condition 2(c) above, unless, in the opinion of the 
Calculation Agent, the resultant day determined in accordance with this sub-paragraph (b) day is a 
Disrupted Day, in which case the provisions of Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Note 
Condition 2(b) shall apply. 
"Valuation Time" means, unless otherwise specified in the Issue Terms, the time at which the 
Price Source publishes the relevant rate or rates from which the Settlement Price is calculated. 
"Weighting" means, in relation to a Subject Currency, the percentage specified as such in the Issue 
Terms.

--- Page 236 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
 
- 221 - 
 
 
ANNEX 7 
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
If specified as applicable in the Issue Terms, the terms and conditions applicable to Credit Linked Notes 
shall comprise the General Conditions and the additional terms and conditions for Credit Linked Notes set 
out below (the "Credit Linked Conditions"), together with the terms and conditions as set out in each other 
Annex which is specified as applicable in the Issue Terms and subject to completion in the Issue Terms. In 
the event of any inconsistency between the General Conditions and the Credit Linked Conditions, the Credit 
Linked Conditions shall prevail. In the event of any inconsistency between (i) the General Conditions and/or 
the Credit Linked Conditions and (ii) the Issue Terms, the Issue Terms shall prevail. 
Unless otherwise stated in these Credit Linked Conditions or in the Issue Terms, in the event that any day 
specified in the section "Credit Linked Redemption" in the Issue Terms or the last day of any period 
calculated by reference to calendar days falls on a day that is not a Business Day, such day or last day shall 
be subject to adjustment in accordance with the applicable Business Day Convention. 
In the case of Credit Linked Notes for which more than one Reference Entity is specified in the Issue Terms, 
all references to "the Reference Entity" herein shall be construed to refer to the Reference Entity in respect 
of which the relevant determination falls to be made at any relevant time and all related provisions and 
determinations will be construed accordingly. 
For the avoidance of doubt no Credit Linked Notes will be considered frustrated, or otherwise void or 
voidable (whether for mistake or otherwise) solely because: 
(a) 
any relevant Reference Entity does not exist on, or ceases to exist on or following, the Trade Date; 
and/or 
(b) 
Obligations, Deliverable Obligations or the Reference Obligation do not exist on, or cease to exist 
on or following, the Trade Date. 
Credit Linked Notes may take the form of Single Reference Entity Credit Linked Notes, First-to-Default 
Credit Linked Notes, Nth-to-Default Credit Linked Notes or Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes. In the case 
of Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes, the Notes may be either Non-Tranched ("Non-Tranched Linear 
Basket Credit Linked Notes") to which either Credit Payment on Maturity or Credit Payment As You Go 
will apply or Tranched ("Tranched Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes"). The Issue Terms shall specify: 
(a) 
the type of Credit Linked Notes; 
(b) 
the Settlement Method (if applicable) and, where Auction Settlement applies, the applicable 
Fallback Settlement Method; 
(c) 
the Reference Entity or Reference Entities in respect of which a Credit Event may occur; 
(d) 
the Reference Obligation(s) (if any) in respect of each Reference Entity; 
(e) 
the Trade Date and the Scheduled Maturity Date; 
(f) 
the Reference Entity Notional Amount (if applicable) in respect of each Reference Entity; and 
(g) 
the Transaction Type applicable to each Reference Entity if Physical Settlement Matrix is specified 
as being applicable in the Issue Terms. 
Certain elections in respect of Credit Linked Notes and one or more Reference Entities may be made by 
specifying that the Physical Settlement Matrix is applicable in the Issue Terms. In this case the provisions 
of Credit Linked Condition 20 apply. 
The application of any of Credit Linked Conditions 6, 7, 8, 9 or 11 below shall, for the avoidance of doubt, 
not preclude the application of any other such Credit Linked Condition either contemporaneously or 
subsequently and in the event that any such provisions are inconsistent or the Calculation Agent becomes 
entitled to exercise a discretion under one or more of such provisions, the Calculation Agent may elect in 
its discretion which provision shall apply and under which provision or provisions it shall exercise its 
discretion.

--- Page 237 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
 
- 222 - 
 
 
1. 
Redemption of Credit Linked Notes 
(a) 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled and provided that a Credit Event 
Determination Date has not occurred in respect of any Reference Entity, the Issuer shall 
redeem each Credit Linked Note on the Maturity Date by payment of the Final 
Redemption Amount. If a Credit Event Determination Date has occurred in respect of any 
Reference Entity, the Issuer shall redeem each Credit Linked Note as described below. 
References in these Credit Linked Conditions to a Credit Linked Note or Note are to a 
nominal amount of Credit Linked Notes equal to the Calculation Amount. Any payment 
of a "pro rata" amount in respect of a Note will be determined by reference to its nominal 
amount relative to the then aggregate nominal amount of Notes. 
(b) 
Where the Notes are Single Reference Entity Credit Linked Notes, if a Credit Event 
Determination Date has occurred in relation to the Reference Entity, then the Notes will 
be settled in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 2, Credit Linked Condition 3 or 
Credit Linked Condition 4, as applicable or, if the Notes are Zero/Set Recovery Notes, the 
provisions of paragraph (g) below will apply. 
(c) 
Where the Notes are First-to-Default Credit Linked Notes, if a Credit Event Determination 
Date has occurred in relation to any of the specified Reference Entities, then the Notes 
will be settled in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 2, Credit Linked Condition 3 
or Credit Linked Condition 4, as applicable, in relation only to the First Reference Entity 
(as defined in the definition of Credit Event Determination Date) or, if the Notes are 
Zero/Set Recovery Notes, the provisions of paragraph (g) below will apply. 
(d) 
Where the Notes are Nth-to-Default Credit Linked Notes, if a Credit Event Determination 
Date has occurred in relation to one or more of the specified Reference Entities 
notwithstanding any provision to the contrary in these Credit Linked Conditions, no 
settlement in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 2, Credit Linked Condition 3 or 
Credit Linked Condition 4, as applicable, or interest adjustment in accordance with Credit 
Linked Condition 5 will occur until such time as a Credit Event Determination Date has 
occurred in respect of the Relevant Number of Reference Entities (a "Trigger"). The 
Reference Entity in respect of which a Credit Event Determination Date has occurred 
which causes the Trigger to occur is referred to as the "Triggering Reference Entity" and 
the Relevant Number is the number specified as such in the Issue Terms. As of the day on 
which the Calculation Agent determines that a Credit Event Determination Date has 
occurred in respect of the Relevant Number of References Entities then (i) Credit Linked 
Condition 2, Credit Linked Condition 3 or Credit Linked Condition 4, as applicable, shall 
apply in relation only to the Triggering Reference Entity and the Credit Event 
Determination Date will be deemed to have occurred only as of such day for the purposes 
of the provisions set out in General Condition 3(g) or (ii) if the Notes are Zero/Set 
Recovery Notes, the provisions of paragraph (g) below will apply. 
(e) 
Where the Notes are Non-Tranched Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes to which Credit 
Payment on Maturity applies or Tranched Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes, if a Credit 
Event Determination Date has occurred in respect of any specified Reference Entity: (i) 
the Issuer shall give notice in each case that a Credit Event Determination Date has 
occurred (such notice a "Settlement Notice") to the Noteholders in accordance with 
General Condition 12 and (ii) in respect of each Credit Linked Note: 
(A) 
the interest calculation basis described in paragraph (i) below will apply; and 
(B) 
each Note shall be redeemed at the Credit Event Redemption Amount on the 
Credit Event Redemption Date, subject as provided in paragraph (h) below. 
For the avoidance of doubt part (A) of this provision will apply and part (B) shall continue 
to apply in relation to each Reference Entity in respect of which a Credit Event 
Determination Date has occurred.

--- Page 238 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
 
- 223 - 
 
 
Any delay in the delivery of a Settlement Notice or failure by the Issuer to deliver a 
Settlement Notice shall not affect the validity of the Credit Event Determination Date in 
respect of the affected Reference Entity. 
In respect of Tranched Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes and for the avoidance of doubt, 
where a Credit Event Determination Date has occurred with respect to a number of 
Reference Entities that is equal to or less than L (as defined below), then the Credit Event 
Redemption Amount will be par. 
(f) 
Where the Notes are Non-Tranched Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes to which Credit 
Payment As You Go applies, if a Credit Event Determination Date has occurred in respect 
of any specified Reference Entity: (i) the Issuer shall give notice in each case that a Credit 
Event Determination Date has occurred (such notice a "Settlement Notice") to the 
Noteholders in accordance with General Condition 12 and (ii) in respect of each Credit 
Linked Note: 
(A) 
the Issuer shall pay as an Instalment Amount for the purposes of General 
Condition 5(j) an amount equal to the relevant Credit Event Amount, if any, on 
the relevant Credit Event Payment Date which will be the relevant Instalment 
Date; 
(B) 
the interest calculation basis described in paragraph (i) below will apply; and 
(C) 
each Note shall be redeemed at the Credit Event Redemption Amount on the 
Credit Event Redemption Date, provided that if on or prior to the Credit Event 
Redemption Date a Credit Event Determination Date has occurred in respect of 
all the specified Reference Entities each Credit Linked Note will be redeemed 
(together with accrued interest, if any) at the final Credit Event Amount on the 
final Credit Event Payment Date, subject as provided in paragraph (h) below. 
For the avoidance of doubt parts (A) and (B) of this provision will apply and part (C) of 
this provision will continue to apply in relation to each Reference Entity in respect of 
which a Credit Event Determination Date has occurred. 
Any delay in the delivery of a Settlement Notice or failure by the Issuer to deliver a 
Settlement Notice shall not affect the validity of the Credit Event Determination Date in 
respect of the affected Reference Entity. 
(g) 
Where the Notes are Zero/Set Recovery Notes then if a Credit Event Determination Date 
has occurred in respect of any Reference Entity (in the case of Single Reference Entity 
Credit Linked Notes, Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes or First-to-Default Credit Linked 
Notes) or in respect of the Triggering Reference Entity (in the case of Nth-to-Default 
Credit Linked Notes) then (i) following a Credit Event Determination Date in respect of 
any such Reference Entity the provisions of Credit Linked Conditions 2, 3 or 4 will not 
apply but each Single Reference Entity Credit Linked Note, First-to-Default Credit Linked 
Note and Nth-to-Default Credit Linked Note will be redeemed by payment of the Credit 
Event Redemption Amount, if any, on the Credit Event Redemption Date together with 
accrued interest, if any, and (ii) each Linear Basket Credit Linked Note may be redeemed 
(or otherwise) as provided in paragraph (e) or (f) above, as applicable and/or paragraph (h) 
below, if applicable. 
(h) 
Where any Credit Event Redemption Amount is or would be zero (whether the Notes are 
Zero/Set Recovery Notes or otherwise) then, other than for the payment of accrued interest 
or any other due but unpaid amounts, the Notes will be cancelled as of the Credit Event 
Redemption Date or, if other, the day on which it is determined that the Credit Event 
Redemption Amount is or would be, were it to be so calculated in respect of such day, be 
zero with no payment being due other than any final amount of accrued interest or any 
other due but unpaid amounts. The Issuer will have no further obligations in respect of the 
Credit Linked Notes.

--- Page 239 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
 
- 224 - 
 
 
(i) 
In the case of Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes, each Note will bear interest pursuant to, 
and in accordance with, General Condition 3, provided that for the purposes of 
determining the interest amounts payable, the provisions set out in Credit Linked 
Condition 5 will not apply and instead the aggregate outstanding nominal amount of the 
Notes shall be deemed to be the Adjusted Credit Outstanding Nominal Amount or, in the 
case of each of General Condition 3(a)(ii) or 3(b)(v)(ii), the Calculation Amount shall be 
deemed to be each Note's pro rata share of the Adjusted Credit Outstanding Nominal 
Amount, in each case on the relevant Interest Payment Date or the relevant date for 
payment pursuant to Credit Linked Conditions 6, 7, 8, 9 or 11. 
(j) 
For these purposes "Adjusted Credit Outstanding Nominal Amount" means, on any 
Interest Payment Date or date for payment pursuant to Credit Linked Conditions 6, 7, 8, 
9, or 11: 
(A) 
in the case of Non-Tranched Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes (i) the aggregate 
outstanding nominal amount minus (ii) the product of (a) the aggregate 
outstanding nominal amount and (b) a fraction with (x) the original aggregate 
Reference Entity Notional Amounts of Reference Entities in respect of which a 
Credit Event Determination Date has occurred on or prior to the relevant Interest 
Payment Date or date for payment pursuant to Credit Linked Conditions 6, 7, 8, 
9 or 11, as the case may be, as numerator and (y) the original aggregate Reference 
Entity Notional Amounts of the original number of Reference Entities to which 
the Notes related, in each case as of the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the 
Notes, as denominator; or 
(B) 
in the case of Tranched Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes, an amount determined 
by the Calculation Agent by reference to the following formula: 
𝑎𝑔𝑔𝑟𝑒𝑔𝑎𝑡𝑒 𝑜𝑢𝑡𝑠𝑡𝑎𝑛𝑑𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑛𝑜𝑚𝑖𝑛𝑎𝑙 𝑎𝑚𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑡∗ቀ1 െቀ
ଵ
ுି௅ቁ∗Minൣ𝐻െ
𝐿;  𝑀𝑎𝑥ሾ𝑁െ𝐿; 0ሿ൧ቁ 
Where, 
"H" means the higher tranche level, expressed as a number of Reference Entities 
as specified in the Issue Terms; 
"L" means the lower tranche level, expressed as a number of Reference Entities 
as specified in the Issue Terms; and 
"N" means the number of Reference Entities for which a Credit Event 
Determination Date has occurred. 
(k) 
For the avoidance of doubt the provisions of Credit Linked Conditions 6, 7, 8, 9 and 11 
may each apply to First-to-Default Credit Linked Notes and Nth-to-Default Credit Linked 
Notes meaning that the Maturity Date may be delayed beyond the Scheduled Maturity 
Date in certain circumstances. 
(l) 
If any purchase and cancellation of Notes occurs under General Condition 5(h) or any 
further issue under General Condition 11, the Calculation Agent will make such 
adjustments to the applicable Issue Terms and/or these Credit Linked Conditions as it 
determines appropriate (including Reference Entity Notional Amounts) to ensure the 
Notes continue to reflect economic intentions. 
2. 
Auction Settlement 
(a) 
Where Auction Settlement is specified as the applicable Settlement Method in the Issue 
Terms and a Credit Event Determination Date occurs on or prior to the Auction Final Price 
Determination Date, the Issuer shall give notice (such notice an "Auction Settlement 
Notice") to the Noteholders in accordance with General Condition 12, and, subject to these 
Credit Linked Conditions, in particular Credit Linked Condition 1, redeem all but not some 
only of the Credit Linked Notes, each Credit Linked Note being redeemed by the Issuer at

--- Page 240 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
 
- 225 - 
 
 
the Credit Event Redemption Amount in the relevant Specified Notes Currency on the 
Credit Event Redemption Date. 
(b) 
Unless settlement has occurred in accordance with the paragraph above, if: 
(i) 
an Auction Cancellation Date occurs; 
(ii) 
a No Auction Announcement Date occurs (and in circumstances where such No 
Auction Announcement Date occurs pursuant to paragraphs (b) or (c)(ii) of the 
definition of No Auction Announcement Date, the Issuer has not exercised the 
Movement Option); 
(iii) 
a DC Credit Event Question Dismissal occurs; or 
(iv) 
a Credit Event Determination Date was determined pursuant to paragraph (a)(i) 
of the definition of Credit Event Determination Date or paragraph (a) of the 
definition of Non-Standard Credit Event Determination Date and no Credit Event 
Resolution Request Date has occurred in respect of the relevant Credit Event on 
or prior to the date falling three Business Days after such Credit Event 
Determination Date, 
then: 
(x) 
if Fallback Settlement Method – Cash Settlement is specified as 
applicable in the Issue Terms, the Issuer shall redeem the Credit Linked 
Notes in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 3 below; or 
(y) 
if Fallback Settlement Method – Physical Delivery is specified as 
applicable in the Issue Terms, the Issuer shall redeem the Credit Linked 
Notes in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 4 below. 
If a Credit Event Determination Date has occurred and the Notes become redeemable in 
accordance with this Credit Linked Condition 2, upon payment of the Credit Event Redemption 
Amounts in respect of the Notes, the Issuer shall have discharged its obligations in respect of 
the Notes and shall have no other liability or obligation whatsoever in respect thereof. The Credit 
Event Redemption Amount may be less than the nominal amount of a Credit Linked Note. Any 
shortfall shall be borne by the Noteholders and no liability shall attach to the Issuer. 
3. 
Cash Settlement 
If a Credit Event Determination Date has occurred, then where Cash Settlement is specified as the 
applicable Settlement Method in the Issue Terms or if Credit Linked Condition 2(b)(x) above 
applies, the Issuer shall give notice (such notice a "Cash Settlement Notice") to the Noteholders 
in accordance with General Condition 12, and, subject to these Credit Linked Conditions, in 
particular Credit Linked Condition 1, redeem all but not some only of the Credit Linked Notes, 
each Credit Linked Note being redeemed by the Issuer at the Credit Event Redemption Amount in 
the relevant Specified Notes Currency on the Credit Event Redemption Date. 
If a Credit Event Determination Date has occurred and the Notes become redeemable in 
accordance with this Credit Linked Condition 3, upon payment of the Credit Event Redemption 
Amounts in respect of the Notes, the Issuer shall have discharged its obligations in respect of 
the Notes and shall have no other liability or obligation whatsoever in respect thereof. The Credit 
Event Redemption Amount may be less than the nominal amount of a Credit Linked Note. Any 
shortfall shall be borne by the Noteholders and no liability shall attach to the Issuer. 
4. 
Physical Settlement 
If a Credit Event Determination Date has occurred, then where Physical Delivery is specified as 
the applicable Settlement Method in the Issue Terms or if Credit Linked Condition 2(b)(y) above 
applies, then, subject to any prior redemption, the Issuer shall, following the receipt of a 
Calculation Agent Physical Settlement Notice, give notice (such notice a "Notice of Physical 
Settlement") to the Noteholders in accordance with General Condition 12, and, subject to these

--- Page 241 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
 
- 226 - 
 
 
Credit Linked Conditions, in particular Credit Linked Condition 1, redeem all but not some only 
of the Credit Linked Notes, each Credit Linked Note being redeemed by the Issuer by the Delivery 
of the Deliverable Obligations comprising the Entitlement on the Credit Settlement Date, subject 
to and in accordance with the General Conditions and these Credit Linked Conditions. The relevant 
Asset Package, if applicable, will be deemed to be a Deliverable Obligation and the composition 
of the Asset Package and the Entitlement in respect of each Credit Linked Note equal to the 
Calculation Agent will be determined by reference to the relevant Prior Deliverable Obligation or 
Package Observable Bond specified in the relevant Notice of Physical Settlement or Physical 
Settlement Amendment Notice, as applicable. Where appropriate the Calculation Agent may make 
any adjustment in relation to provisions for physical delivery and determination of the Entitlement 
to take account of the relevant Asset Package. 
In the Notice of Physical Settlement, the Issuer shall specify the Deliverable Obligations 
comprising the Entitlement that it reasonably expects to Deliver. For the avoidance of doubt, the 
Issuer shall be entitled to select any of the Deliverable Obligations to constitute the Entitlement, 
irrespective of their market value. The Notice of Physical Settlement shall include (i) details of the 
relevant Reference Entity, (ii) the Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and Payable Amount, as 
applicable, or the equivalent amount in the Settlement Currency (in each case the relevant 
"Outstanding Amount") and, if different, the face amount, of each such Deliverable Obligation. 
The aggregate Outstanding Amount of all Deliverable Obligations specified in the Notice of 
Physical Settlement that the Issuer intends to Deliver shall be the relevant "Aggregate 
Outstanding Amount". 
The Issuer may, from time to time, amend a Notice of Physical Settlement by delivering a notice 
to Noteholders in accordance with General Condition 12, (each such notification, a "Physical 
Settlement Amendment Notice") that the Issuer is replacing, in whole or in part, one or more 
Deliverable Obligations specified in the Notice of Physical Settlement or a prior Physical 
Settlement Amendment Notice, as applicable, (to the extent the relevant Deliverable Obligation 
has not been Delivered as of the date such Physical Settlement Amendment Notice is effective). A 
Physical Settlement Amendment Notice shall specify each replacement Deliverable Obligation that 
the Issuer will Deliver (each, a "Replacement Deliverable Obligation") and shall also specify the 
Outstanding Amount of each Deliverable Obligation identified in the Notice of Physical Settlement 
or a prior Physical Settlement Amendment Notice, as applicable, that is being replaced (with 
respect to each such Deliverable Obligation, the "Replaced Deliverable Obligation Outstanding 
Amount"). The Outstanding Amount of each Replacement Deliverable Obligation identified in the 
Physical Settlement Amendment Notice shall be determined by applying the Revised Currency 
Rate to the relevant Replaced Deliverable Obligation Outstanding Amount. The Outstanding 
Amount of the Replacement Deliverable Obligation(s) specified in any Physical Settlement 
Amendment Notice in aggregate with the Outstanding Amount of the Deliverable Obligation(s) 
specified in the Notice of Physical Settlement or any earlier Physical Settlement Amendment 
Notice which, in each case, are not being replaced must not be greater than the Aggregate 
Outstanding Amount. Each such Physical Settlement Amendment Notice must be effective on or 
prior to the Credit Settlement Date (determined without reference to any change resulting from 
such Physical Settlement Amendment Notice). Notwithstanding the foregoing, (i) the Issuer may 
correct any errors or inconsistencies contained in the Notice of Physical Settlement or any Physical 
Settlement Amendment Notice, as applicable, by notice to Noteholders in accordance with General 
Condition 12, prior to the relevant Delivery Date; and (ii) if Asset Package Delivery is applicable, 
the Issuer shall on the PSN Effective Date, or as soon as reasonably practicable thereafter (but in 
any case, prior to the Delivery Date), notify the Noteholders (in accordance with General Condition 
12) of the detailed description of the Asset Package, if any, that the Issuer will Deliver in lieu of 
the Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable Bond, if any, specified in the Notice of 
Physical Settlement or Physical Settlement Amendment Notice, as applicable, it being understood 
in each case that any such notice of correction shall not constitute a Physical Settlement 
Amendment Notice. 
If "Mod R" is specified as applicable in the Issue Terms and Restructuring is the only Credit Event 
specified in a Credit Event Notice, then, unless the Deliverable Obligation is a Prior Deliverable 
Obligation and Asset Package Delivery applies due to a Governmental Intervention, a Deliverable 
Obligation may be included in the Entitlement only if it (i) is a Fully Transferable Obligation and 
(ii) has a final maturity date not later than the applicable Restructuring Maturity Limitation Date

--- Page 242 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
 
- 227 - 
 
 
in each case as of each such date as the Calculation Agent determines relevant for purposes of the 
Hedging Arrangements. 
If "Mod R " is specified as applicable in the Issue Terms and Restructuring is the only Credit Event 
specified in a Credit Event Notice, then unless the Deliverable Obligation is a Prior Deliverable 
Obligation and Asset Package Delivery applies due to a Governmental Intervention, a Deliverable 
Obligation may be included in the Entitlement only if it (i) is a Conditionally Transferable 
Obligation and (ii) has a final maturity date not later than the applicable Modified Restructuring 
Maturity Limitation Date, in each case, as of each such date as the Calculation Agent determines 
relevant for purposes of the Hedging Arrangements. For the purposes of this paragraph only and 
notwithstanding the foregoing, in the case of a Restructured Bond or Loan with a final maturity 
date on or prior to the 10-year Limitation Date, the final maturity date of such Bond or Loan shall 
be deemed to be the earlier of such final maturity date or the final maturity date of such Bond or 
Loan immediately prior to the relevant Restructuring. 
If a Credit Event Determination Date has occurred and the Notes become redeemable in 
accordance with this Credit Linked Condition 4, upon Delivery of the Deliverable Obligations 
and/or payment of the Partial Cash Settlement Amounts, as the case may be, the Issuer shall 
have discharged its obligations in respect of the Notes and shall have no other liability or 
obligation whatsoever in respect thereof. The value of such Deliverable Obligations and/or the 
Partial Cash Settlement Amount, as the case may be, may be less than the nominal amount of a 
Credit Linked Note. Any shortfall shall be borne by the Noteholders and no liability shall attach 
to the Issuer. 
5. 
Accrual of Interest or Yield 
(a) 
Notwithstanding General Condition 3(g) and other than in the case of Zero Coupon Notes 
which are Credit Linked Notes, where subparagraph (b) below shall apply, or Linear 
Basket Credit Linked Notes, where Credit Linked Condition 1(i) will apply, if: 
(i) 
"Accrual of Interest upon Credit Event" is specified as not applicable in the 
Issue Terms, each Note shall cease to bear interest from the Interest Payment Date 
immediately preceding the Credit Event Determination Date, or if the Credit 
Event Determination Date is an Interest Payment Date such Interest Payment Date, 
or, if the Credit Event Determination Date falls prior to the first Interest Payment 
Date, no interest shall accrue on the Notes; or 
(ii) 
"Accrual of Interest upon Credit Event" is specified as applicable in the Issue 
Terms, each Note shall cease to bear interest from the Credit Event Determination 
Date; and 
(iii) 
"Continuing Accrual until scheduled maturity" is specified as applicable in the 
Issue Terms, then notwithstanding the occurrence of a Credit Event 
Determination Date each Note will continue to bear interest in accordance with 
General Condition 3(g) up to but excluding the Scheduled Maturity Date (with 
such date being deemed to be the final Interest Payment Date), 
provided that, in the case of (i) or (ii) if: 
(A) 
Credit Linked Condition 6, Credit Linked Condition 7 or Credit Linked 
Condition 8 applies in respect of the Notes and, in the case of Credit 
Linked Condition 6, a Repudiation/Moratorium has not occurred on or 
prior to the Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date or, in the case of 
Credit Linked Condition 7, a Failure to Pay has not occurred on or prior 
to the Grace Period Extension Date or, in the case of Credit Linked 
Condition 8, a Credit Event has not occurred on or prior to the DC Cut-
off Date, as the case may be; and/or 
(B) 
Credit Linked Condition 9 applies in respect of the Notes and a Credit 
Event Determination Date or the Repudiation/Moratorium Extension

--- Page 243 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
 
- 228 - 
 
 
Condition, as applicable, has not occurred or are not satisfied on or prior 
to the Postponed Maturity Date, 
then interest will accrue as provided in Credit Linked Condition 6, Credit Linked 
Condition 7, Credit Linked Condition 8 or Credit Linked Condition 9, as the case 
may be. 
(b) 
Notwithstanding General Condition 4(d) in the case of Zero Coupon Notes which are 
Credit Linked Notes: if, 
(i) 
"Accrual Yield upon Credit Event" is specified as not applicable in the Issue 
Terms, following the occurrence of a Credit Event Determination Date, yield shall 
cease to accrue in respect of each Note from the Issue Date; or 
(ii) 
"Accrual Yield upon Credit Event" is specified as being applicable in the Issue 
Terms, then, following the occurrence of a Credit Event Determination Date, the 
accrued yield in respect of each Note shall be determined by the Calculation 
Agent as such Note's pro rata share of an amount (the "Accrual Yield Amount") 
equal to the product of the Accrual Yield specified in the Issue Terms 
(compounded annually) being applied to the Reference Price from (and including) 
the Issue Date to (and including) the earlier of the Scheduled Maturity Date and 
the Credit Event Determination Date, as the case may be. Where such calculation 
is to be made for a period of less than a full year, it shall be made on the basis of 
a 360-day year consisting of 12 months of 30 days each and, in the case of an 
incomplete month, the number of days elapsed in such incomplete month. Such 
Accrual Yield Amount shall be payable to Noteholders on the Credit Event 
Redemption Date which, for the avoidance of doubt, may fall after the Scheduled 
Maturity Date if the Notes in accordance with the provisions of Credit Linked 
Condition 6, Credit Linked Condition 7, Credit Linked Condition 8 or Credit 
Linked Condition 9, as the case may be. 
6. 
Repudiation/Moratorium Extension 
If "Repudiation/Moratorium" is specified as a Credit Event in the Issue Terms, the provisions of 
this Credit Linked Condition 6 shall apply. 
Where a Credit Event Determination Date has not occurred on or prior to the Scheduled Maturity 
Date or any Interest Payment Date (determined by reference to the Relevant Time) but the 
Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Condition has been satisfied on or prior to the Scheduled 
Maturity Date or any Interest Payment Date or, if Credit Linked Condition 9(y) applies, the 
Postponed Maturity Date or Postponed Interest Payment Date (as defined in Credit Linked 
Condition 9) and the Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date in respect of such Potential 
Repudiation Moratorium may, in the sole determination of the Calculation Agent, fall after the 
Scheduled Maturity Date or relevant Interest Payment Date, then the Calculation Agent shall notify 
the Noteholders in accordance with General Condition 12 that a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium 
has occurred and the maturity of the Notes and/or relevant interest payment will be delayed and: 
(a) 
in relation to such event as of the Scheduled Maturity Date, where a 
Repudiation/Moratorium has not occurred on or prior to the Repudiation/Moratorium 
Evaluation Date: 
(i) 
each nominal amount of Credit Linked Notes equal to the Calculation Amount 
will be redeemed by the Issuer at the Final Redemption Amount on the fifth 
Business Day following the Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date or, if later, 
the Postponed Maturity Date; and 
(ii) 
in the case of interest bearing Credit Linked Notes, the Issuer shall be obliged to 
pay interest (if any) calculated as provided herein, accruing from (and including) 
the Interest Payment Date immediately preceding the Scheduled Maturity Date 
or, if none, the Interest Commencement Date to (but excluding) the Scheduled 
Maturity Date but shall only be obliged to make such payment of interest on the

--- Page 244 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
 
- 229 - 
 
 
fifth Business Day following the Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date or, if 
later, the Postponed Maturity Date and no further or other amount in respect of 
interest shall be payable and no additional amount shall be payable in respect of 
such delay; or 
(iii) 
in the case of Credit Linked Notes which are Zero Coupon Notes, no amount in 
addition to the Final Redemption Amount shall be payable in respect of such 
delay; or 
(b) 
where a Repudiation/Moratorium has occurred on or prior to the Repudiation/Moratorium 
Evaluation Date and a Credit Event Determination Date has occurred, the provisions of 
Credit Linked Condition 1, Credit Linked Condition 2, Credit Linked Condition 3 or 
Credit Linked Condition 4, as applicable, shall apply to the Credit Linked Notes; or 
(c) 
in relation to such event as of an Interest Payment Date, the Calculation Agent may delay 
the relevant amount of interest which would otherwise be payable on the relevant Interest 
Payment Date. In this case where (i) a Repudiation/Moratorium has not occurred on or 
prior to the Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date then the relevant amount of interest 
shall be payable on the second Business Day following the Repudiation/Moratorium 
Evaluation Date or, if later, the Postponed Interest Payment Date but no additional interest 
will be payable in respect of the relevant delay and for the avoidance of doubt no 
amendment will be made to any Interest Period or basis of calculation of the relevant 
amount of interest, other than as described above; or (ii) where a Repudiation/Moratorium 
has occurred on or prior to the Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date and a Credit 
Event Determination Date has occurred thereafter, the relevant amount of interest will be 
adjusted accordingly and may be zero and will be payable on the second Business Day 
following the applicable Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date or, if later, the 
Postponed Interest Payment Date. 
7. 
Grace Period Extension 
If "Grace Period Extension" is specified as applicable in the Issue Terms, the provisions of this 
Credit Linked Condition 7 shall apply. 
Where a Credit Event Determination Date has not occurred on or prior to the Scheduled Maturity 
Date or any Interest Payment Date (determined by reference to the Relevant Time) but, in the 
determination of the Calculation Agent, a Potential Failure to Pay has occurred with respect to one 
or more Obligation(s) in respect of which a Grace Period is applicable on or prior to the Scheduled 
Maturity Date or relevant Interest Payment Date (determined by reference to the Relevant Time) 
(and such Grace Period(s) is/are continuing as at the Scheduled Maturity Date or relevant Interest 
Payment Date), then the Calculation Agent shall notify the Noteholders in accordance with General 
Condition 12 that a Potential Failure to Pay has occurred and the maturity of the Notes and/or 
relevant interest payment will be delayed and: 
(a) 
in relation to such event as of the Scheduled Maturity Date, where a Failure to Pay has not 
occurred on or prior to the Grace Period Extension Date: 
(i) 
each nominal amount of Credit Linked Notes equal to the Calculation Amount 
will be redeemed by the Issuer at the Final Redemption Amount on the fifth 
Business Day following the Grace Period Extension Date; and 
(ii) 
in the case of interest bearing Credit Linked Notes, the Issuer shall be obliged to 
pay interest calculated as provided herein, accruing from (and including) the 
Interest Payment Date immediately preceding the Scheduled Maturity Date or, if 
none, the Interest Commencement Date to (but excluding) the Scheduled Maturity 
Date but shall only be obliged to make such payment of interest on the fifth 
Business Day following the Grace Period Extension Date and no further or other 
amount in respect of interest shall be payable and no additional amount shall be 
payable in respect of such delay; or

--- Page 245 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
 
- 230 - 
 
 
(iii) 
in the case of Credit Linked Notes which are Zero Coupon Notes, no amount in 
addition to the Final Redemption Amount shall be payable in respect of such 
delay; or 
(b) 
where a Failure to Pay has occurred on or prior to the Grace Period Extension Date and a 
Credit Event Determination Date has occurred, the provisions of Credit Linked Condition 
1, Credit Linked Condition 2, Credit Linked Condition 3 or Credit Linked Condition 4, as 
applicable, shall apply to the Credit Linked Notes; or 
(c) 
in relation to such event as of an Interest Payment Date, the Calculation Agent may delay 
the relevant amount of interest which would otherwise be payable on the relevant Interest 
Payment Date. In this case where (i) a Failure to Pay has not occurred on or prior to the 
Grace Period Extension Date then the relevant amount of interest shall be payable on the 
second Business Day following the Grace Period Extension Date but no additional interest 
will be payable in respect of the relevant delay and for the avoidance of doubt no 
amendment will be made to any Interest Period or basis of calculation of the relevant 
amount of interest, other than as described above; or (ii) where a Failure to Pay has 
occurred on or prior to the Grace Period Extension Date and a Credit Event Determination 
Date has occurred thereafter, the relevant amount of interest will be adjusted accordingly 
and may be zero and will be payable on the second Business Day following the applicable 
Grace Period Extension Date. 
8. 
Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee Extension 
If, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, a Potential Credit Event has occurred and the 
Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has not made its determination on or prior to the 
Scheduled Maturity Date or any Interest Payment Date (determined by reference to the Relevant 
Time) then the Calculation Agent shall notify Noteholders in accordance with General Condition 
12 that the Maturity Date or relevant Interest Payment Date has been postponed to a date (the "DC 
Determination Cut-off Date") being the day falling (i) (a) if the Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee Resolves that a Credit Event has occurred, fifteen (15) Business Days 
following the relevant DC Credit Event Announcement or (b) if the Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee Resolves that a Credit Event has not occurred, the second Business 
Day following the relevant DC No Credit Event Announcement or, if later (ii) fifteen (15) Business 
Days following the DC Credit Event Question Dismissal, and: 
(a) 
in the case of the Maturity Date, where a Credit Event has not occurred on or prior to the 
DC Determination Cut-off Date: 
(i) 
each nominal amount of Credit Linked Notes equal to the Calculation Amount 
will be redeemed by the Issuer at the Final Redemption Amount on the fifth 
Business Day following the DC Determination Cut-off Date; and 
(ii) 
in the case of interest bearing Credit Linked Notes, the Issuer shall be obliged to 
pay interest calculated as provided herein, accruing from (and including) the 
Interest Payment Date immediately preceding the Scheduled Maturity Date or if 
none the Interest Commencement Date to (but excluding) the Scheduled Maturity 
Date but shall only be obliged to make such payment of interest on the fifth 
Business Day following the DC Determination Cut-off Date and no further or 
other amount in respect of interest shall be payable and no additional amount shall 
be payable in respect of such delay; or 
(iii) 
in the case of Credit Linked Notes which are Zero Coupon Notes, no amount in 
addition to the Final Redemption Amount shall be payable in respect of such 
delay; or 
(b) 
where a Credit Event has occurred on or prior to the DC Determination Cut-off Date and 
a Credit Event Determination Date has occurred, the provisions of Credit Linked 
Condition 1, Credit Linked Condition 2, Credit Linked Condition 3 or Credit Linked 
Condition 4, as applicable, shall apply to the Credit Linked Notes; or

--- Page 246 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
 
- 231 - 
 
 
(c) 
in relation to such event as of an Interest Payment Date, the Calculation Agent may delay 
the relevant amount of interest which would otherwise be payable on the relevant Interest 
Payment Date. In this case where (i) a Credit Event has not occurred on or prior to the DC 
Determination Cut-off Date then the relevant amount of interest shall be payable on the 
second Business Day following the DC Determination Cut-off Date but no additional 
interest will be payable in respect of the relevant delay and for the avoidance of doubt no 
amendment will be made to any Interest Period or basis of calculation of the relevant 
amount of interest, other than as described above; or (ii) where a Credit Event has occurred 
on or prior to the DC Determination Cut-off Date and a Credit Event Determination Date 
has occurred thereafter, the relevant amount of interest will be adjusted accordingly and 
may be zero and will be payable on the second Business Day following the applicable DC 
Determination Cut-off Date. 
9. 
Maturity Date/Interest Payment Date Extension in the case of Credit Linked Notes 
The following provisions of this Credit Linked Condition 9 apply to Credit Linked Notes and, for 
the avoidance of doubt, may be applied on more than one occasion: 
Without prejudice to Credit Linked Condition 11, if: 
(x) 
on (A) the Scheduled Maturity Date or any Interest Payment Date, (B), if applicable, the 
Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date, (C) if Grace Period Extension is specified as 
applying in the Issue Terms, the Grace Period Extension Date, (D) the last day of the 
Notice Delivery Period or (E) the DC Determination Cut-off Date, as the case may be, a 
Credit Event Determination Date has not occurred but, in the determination of the 
Calculation Agent, a Credit Event or Potential Credit Event may have occurred or may 
occur; or 
(y) 
on the Scheduled Maturity Date or any Interest Payment Date, in the determination of the 
Calculation Agent, a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium may have occurred or may occur, 
the Calculation Agent may at its option notify the Noteholders in accordance with General 
Condition 12 that the Maturity Date, the relevant Interest Payment Date, the 
Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date, the Grace Period Extension Date, the last day of the 
Notice Delivery Period or the DC Determination Cut-off Date, as the case may be, has been 
postponed to a date (such date the "Postponed Maturity Date" or, in the case of an Interest 
Payment Date, the "Postponed Interest Payment Date") specified in such notice falling fifteen 
(15) Business Days after the Scheduled Maturity Date, the relevant Interest Payment Date, the 
relevant Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date or Grace Period Extension Date, or the last day 
of the Notice Delivery Period or the DC Determination Cut-off Date, as the case may be, or if such 
day is not a Business Day the immediately succeeding Business Day, and: 
where: 
(a) 
in the case of Credit Linked Condition 9(x), a Credit Event Determination Date has not 
occurred on or prior to the Postponed Maturity Date or relevant Postponed Interest 
Payment 
Date 
or, 
in 
the 
case 
of 
Credit 
Linked 
Condition 9(y), 
the 
Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Condition is not satisfied on or prior to the Postponed 
Maturity Date or relevant Postponed Interest Payment Date: 
(i) 
subject as provided below, in the case of a Postponed Maturity Date each Note 
will be redeemed by the Issuer at the Final Redemption Amount on the fifth 
Business Day following the Postponed Maturity Date; and 
(ii) 
in the case of a Postponed Maturity Date and interest bearing Credit Linked Notes, 
the Issuer shall be obliged to pay interest calculated as provided herein accruing 
from (and including) the Interest Payment Date immediately preceding the 
Scheduled Maturity Date or, if none, the Interest Commencement Date to (but 
excluding) the Scheduled Maturity Date but shall only be obliged to make such 
payment of interest on the fifth Business Day following the Postponed Maturity

--- Page 247 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
 
- 232 - 
 
 
Date and no further or other amount in respect of interest shall be payable and no 
additional amount shall be payable in respect of such delay; or 
(iii) 
in the case of a Postponed Interest Payment Date, the Issuer shall be obliged to 
pay the relevant amount of interest on the second Business Day following the 
Postponed Interest Payment Date and no further or other amounts in respect of 
interest shall be payable as a result of such delay; or 
(iv) 
in the case of Credit Linked Notes which are Zero Coupon Notes, no amount in 
addition to the Final Redemption Amount shall be payable in respect of such 
delay; or 
(b) 
where: 
(i) 
in the case of Credit Linked Condition 9(x), a Credit Event Determination Date 
has occurred on or prior to the Postponed Maturity Date or relevant Postponed 
Interest Payment Date, the provisions of Credit Linked Condition 1, Credit 
Linked Condition 2, Credit Linked Condition 3 or Credit Linked Condition 4, as 
applicable, shall apply to the Credit Linked Notes; or 
(ii) 
in the case of Credit Linked Condition 9(y), the Repudiation/Moratorium 
Extension Condition is satisfied on or prior to the Postponed Maturity Date or 
relevant Postponed Interest Payment Date, the provisions of Credit Linked 
Condition 1 or Credit Linked Condition 6 shall apply to the Credit Linked Notes. 
10. 
Partial Cash Settlement 
If all or a portion of the Obligations comprising the Entitlement are Undeliverable Obligations 
and/or Hedge Disruption Obligations, the Issuer shall give notice (a "Partial Cash Settlement 
Notice") to the Noteholders in accordance with General Condition 12 and the Issuer shall pay in 
respect of each Undeliverable Obligation and/or Hedge Disruption Obligation, as the case may be, 
the Partial Cash Settlement Amount on the Partial Cash Settlement Date. 
In the Partial Cash Settlement Notice, the Issuer must give details of why it is unable to deliver the 
relevant Undeliverable Obligations or Hedge Disruption Obligation, as the case may be. 
Unless otherwise specified in the Issue Terms, for the purposes of this Credit Linked Condition 10 
only the following terms shall be defined as follows and such definitions will apply 
notwithstanding other definitions of such terms in Credit Linked Condition 13: 
"Indicative Quotation" means, in accordance with the Quotation Method, each quotation obtained 
from a Quotation Dealer at the Valuation Time for (to the extent reasonably practicable) an amount 
of the Undeliverable Obligation or Hedge Disruption Obligations, as the case may be, equal to the 
Quotation Amount, which reflects such Quotation Dealer's reasonable assessment of the price of 
such Undeliverable Obligation or Hedge Disruption Obligation, as the case may be, based on such 
factors as such Quotation Dealer may consider relevant, which may include historical prices and 
recovery rates. 
"Market Value" means, with respect to an Undeliverable Obligation or Hedge Disruption 
Obligation, as the case may be, on a Valuation Date, (i) if more than three Full Quotations are 
obtained, the arithmetic mean of such Full Quotations, disregarding the Full Quotations having the 
highest and lowest values (and, if more than one such Full Quotations have the same highest or 
lowest value, then one of such highest or lowest Full Quotations shall be disregarded); (ii) if exactly 
three Full Quotations are obtained, the Full Quotation remaining after disregarding the highest and 
lowest Full Quotations (and, if more than one such Full Quotations have the same highest value or 
lowest value, then one of such highest or lowest Full Quotations shall be disregarded); (iii) if 
exactly two Full Quotations are obtained, the arithmetic mean of such Full Quotations; (iv) if fewer 
than two Full Quotations are obtained and a Weighted Average Quotation is obtained, such 
Weighted Average Quotation; (v) if Indicative Quotations are specified as applying in the Issue 
Terms and exactly three Indicative Quotations are obtained, the Indicative Quotation remaining 
after disregarding the highest and lowest Indicative Quotations (and, if more than one such 
Indicative Quotations have the same highest or lowest value, then one of such highest or lowest

--- Page 248 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
 
- 233 - 
 
 
Indicative Quotations shall be disregarded); (vi) if fewer than two Full Quotations are obtained and 
no Weighted Average Quotation is obtained (and, if Indicative Quotations are applicable, fewer 
than three Indicative Quotations are obtained) then, subject to paragraph (b) of the definition of 
"Quotation" below, an amount as determined by the Calculation Agent on the next Business Day 
on which at least two Full Quotations or a Weighted Average Quotation or, if applicable, three 
Indicative Quotations are obtained; and (vii) if fewer than two Full Quotations are obtained and no 
Weighted Average Quotation is obtained (and, if Indicative Quotations are applicable, fewer than 
three Indicative Quotations are obtained) on the same Business Day on or prior to the tenth 
Business Day following the Valuation Date the Market Value shall be any Full Quotation obtained 
from a Quotation Dealer at the Valuation Time on such tenth Business Day or, if no Full Quotation 
is obtained, the weighted average of any firm quotations (or, if applicable, Indicative Quotations) 
for the Undeliverable Obligation or Hedge Disruption Obligation, as the case may be, obtained 
from Quotation Dealers at the Valuation Time on such tenth Business Day with respect to the 
aggregate portion of the Quotation Amount for which such quotations were obtained and a 
quotation deemed to be zero for the balance of the Quotation Amount for which firm quotations 
(or, if applicable, Indicative Quotations) were not obtained on such day. 
"Partial Cash Settlement Amount" is deemed to be, for an Undeliverable Obligation or a Hedge 
Disruption Obligation, as the case may be, an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent equal to 
the greater of (i) (A) the Outstanding Principal Balance, the Due and Payable Amount or the 
Currency Amount, as applicable, of each Undeliverable Obligation or Hedge Disruption 
Obligation, as the case may be, multiplied by (B) the Final Price with respect to such Undeliverable 
Obligation or Hedge Disruption Obligation, determined as provided in this Credit Linked 
Condition less if applicable (C) a pro rata share of Unwind Costs, if any (but excluding any 
Unwind Costs already taken into account in calculating the relevant Entitlement), and (ii) zero 
provided that where (i) the relevant Undeliverable Obligation or Hedge Disruption Obligation 
forms part of the Asset Package and the Calculation Agent determines in its sole discretion that a 
Final Price cannot reasonably be determined in respect of such Undeliverable Obligation or Hedge 
Disruption Obligation, then the Partial Cash Settlement Amount will be an amount calculated by 
the Calculation Agent in its sole discretion equal to the fair market value of the relevant 
Undeliverable Obligation or Hedge Disruption Obligation less Unwind Costs. 
"Partial Cash Settlement Date" is deemed to be the date falling three Business Days after the 
calculation of the Final Price. 
"Quotation" means each Full Quotation, the Weighted Average Quotation and, if Indicative 
Quotations are specified as applying in the Issue Terms, each Indicative Quotation obtained and 
expressed as a percentage of the Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and Payable Amount, as 
applicable, of the relevant Undeliverable Obligation or Hedge Disruption Obligation with respect 
to a Valuation Date in the manner that follows: 
(a) 
The Calculation Agent shall attempt to obtain Full Quotations with respect to each 
Valuation Date from five or more Quotation Dealers. If the Calculation Agent is unable to 
obtain two or more such Full Quotations on the same Business Day within three Business 
Days of a Valuation Date, then on the next following Business Day (and, if necessary, on 
each Business Day thereafter until the tenth Business Day following the relevant Valuation 
Date) the Calculation Agent shall attempt to obtain Full Quotations from five or more 
Quotation Dealers, and, if two or more Full Quotations are not available, a Weighted 
Average Quotation. If two or more such Full Quotations or a Weighted Average Quotation 
are not available on any such Business Day and Indicative Quotations are specified as 
applying in the Issue Terms, the Calculation Agent shall attempt to obtain three Indicative 
Quotations from five or more Quotation Dealers. 
(b) 
If the Calculation Agent is unable to obtain two or more Full Quotations or a Weighted 
Average Quotation (or, if Indicative Quotations are specified as applying in the Issue 
Terms, three Indicative Quotations) on the same Business Day on or prior to the tenth 
Business Day following the Valuation Date, the Quotations shall be deemed to be any Full 
Quotation obtained from a Quotation Dealer at the Valuation Time on such tenth Business 
Day or, if no Full Quotation is obtained, the weighted average of any firm quotations (or, 
if applicable, Indicative Quotations) for the Undeliverable Obligation or the Hedge 
Disruption Obligation, as the case may be, obtained from Quotation Dealers at the

--- Page 249 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
 
- 234 - 
 
 
Valuation Time on such tenth Business Day with respect to the aggregate portion of the 
Quotation Amount for which such quotations were obtained and a quotation deemed to be 
zero for the balance of the Quotation Amount for which firm quotations (or, if applicable, 
Indicative Quotations) were not obtained on such day. 
(c) 
The Calculation Agent shall determine, based on the then current market practice in the 
market of the relevant Undeliverable Obligation or Hedge Disruption Obligations, as the 
case may be, whether such Quotations shall include or exclude accrued but unpaid interest. 
All Quotations shall be obtained in accordance with this determination. 
"Quotation Amount" is deemed to be, with respect to each type or issue of Undeliverable 
Obligation or Hedge Disruption Obligation, as the case may be, an amount equal to at least the 
Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and Payable Amount (or, in either case, its equivalent in the 
relevant Obligation Currency converted by the Calculation Agent by reference to exchange rates 
in effect at the time that the relevant Quotation is being obtained), as applicable, of such 
Undeliverable Obligation or Hedge Disruption Obligations, as the case may be. 
"Quotation Method" is deemed to be Bid. 
"Reference Obligation" is deemed to be each Undeliverable Obligation or Hedge Disruption 
Obligation, as the case may be. 
"Valuation Date" means, for the purposes of this Credit Linked Condition 10, the fifth Business 
Day after the Credit Settlement Date. 
"Valuation Method" is deemed to be Highest unless fewer than two Full Quotations are obtained 
or a Weighted Average Quotation applies (or, if applicable, Indicative Quotations), in which case 
"Valuation Method" is deemed to be Market. 
"Valuation Time" is the time specified as such in the Issue Terms, or, if no time is so specified, 
11:00 a.m. in the principal trading market for the Undeliverable Obligation or the Hedge Disruption 
Obligation, as the case may be. 
"Weighted Average Quotation" means, in accordance with the Quotation Method, the weighted 
average of firm quotations obtained from Quotation Dealers at the Valuation Time, to the extent 
reasonably practicable, each for an amount of the Undeliverable Obligation or the Hedge 
Disruption Obligation, as the case may be, with an Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and 
Payable Amount, as applicable, of as large a size as available but less than the Quotation Amount 
that in aggregate are approximately equal to the Quotation Amount. 
11. 
Settlement Suspension 
(a) 
Suspension 
Without prejudice to Credit Linked Condition 9, if, following the determination of a Credit 
Event Determination Date but prior to the Credit Settlement Date or, to the extent 
applicable, a Valuation Date, there is a DC Credit Event Meeting Announcement, the 
Calculation Agent may, at its option, determine that the applicable timing requirements of 
this Credit Linked Condition 11 and the definitions of Credit Event Redemption Date, 
Valuation Date, Physical Settlement Period and PSN Cut-off Date, and any other Credit 
Linked Condition provision(s) as determined by the Calculation Agent, shall toll and be 
suspended and remain suspended (such period of suspension, a "Suspension Period") 
until the date of the relevant DC Credit Event Announcement or DC Credit Event Question 
Dismissal. During such suspension period none of the Issuer, the Calculation Agent or any 
Noteholder are obliged to, nor are they entitled to, take any action in connection with the 
settlement of the Notes. Once the relevant DC Credit Event Announcement or DC Credit 
Event Question Dismissal has occurred, the relevant timing requirements of the Credit 
Linked Conditions that have previously tolled or been suspended shall resume on the 
Business Day following such public announcement by the DC Secretary with the Issuer 
having the benefit of the full day notwithstanding when the tolling or suspension began in 
accordance with this Credit Linked Condition 11.

--- Page 250 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
 
- 235 - 
 
 
In the event of any such Suspension Period, the Calculation Agent may make (x) such 
consequential or other adjustment(s) or determination(s) to or in relation to the General 
Conditions and these Credit Linked Conditions as may be desirable or required either 
during or following any relevant Suspension Period to account for or reflect such 
suspension and (y) determine the effective date of such adjustment(s) or determination(s). 
(b) 
Interest 
In the case of interest bearing Credit Linked Notes: 
(i) 
if a Suspension Period falls in any one or more Interest Period(s), then no interest 
(or any interest on any delayed payment of interest) shall accrue during each 
portion of an Interest Period during which a Suspension Period exists; and 
(ii) 
if an Interest Payment Date falls in a Suspension Period, such Interest Payment 
Date will be deferred until such date as determined by the Calculation Agent 
falling no earlier than the first Payment Day and no later than the fifth Payment 
Day following the end of the Suspension Period, all subject to the provisions of 
General Condition 4 and Credit Linked Conditions 6, 7 and 8. 
12. 
Redemption following a Merger Event 
If "Merger Event" is specified as applying in the Issue Terms, in the event that in the determination 
of the Calculation Agent a Merger Event has occurred, the Issuer may give notice to the 
Noteholders in accordance with General Condition 12, and redeem all but not some only of the 
Credit Linked Notes and pay in respect of each Credit Linked Note, the Merger Event Redemption 
Amount on the Merger Event Redemption Date in each case as specified in the Issue Terms. 
13. 
Definitions applicable to Credit Linked Notes 
"2.5-year Limitation Date" has the meaning given to that term in the definition of "Limitation 
Date". 
"10-year Limitation Date" has the meaning given to that term in the definition of "Limitation 
Date". 
"Accrued Interest" means for the purpose of these Credit Linked Conditions: 
(a) 
in respect of any Notes for which "Physical Settlement" is specified to be the Settlement 
Method in the Issue Terms (or for which Physical Settlement is applicable as the Fallback 
Settlement Method in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 2), the Outstanding 
Principal Balance of the Deliverable Obligations being Delivered will exclude accrued but 
unpaid interest, unless "Include Accrued Interest" is specified in the Issue Terms, in which 
case, the Outstanding Principal Balance of the Deliverable Obligations being Delivered 
will include accrued but unpaid interest (as the Calculation Agent shall determine in its 
reasonable discretion); 
(b) 
in respect of any Notes for which "Cash Settlement" is specified to be the applicable 
Settlement Method in the Issue Terms (or for which Cash Settlement is applicable as the 
Fallback Settlement Method in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 2), and: 
(i) 
"Include Accrued Interest" is specified in the Issue Terms, the Outstanding 
Principal Balance of the Reference Obligation shall include accrued but unpaid 
interest; 
(ii) 
"Exclude Accrued Interest" is specified in the Issue Terms, the Outstanding 
Principal Balance of the Reference Obligation shall not include accrued but 
unpaid interest; or 
(iii) 
neither "Include Accrued Interest" nor "Exclude Accrued Interest" is specified in 
the Issue Terms, the Calculation Agent shall determine, based on the then current 
market practice in the market of the Reference Obligation whether the

--- Page 251 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
 
- 236 - 
 
 
Outstanding Principal Balance of the Reference Obligation shall include or 
exclude accrued but unpaid interest and, if applicable, the amount thereof; or 
(c) 
if Credit Linked Condition 10 applies, the Calculation Agent shall determine, based on the 
then current market practice in the market of the relevant Undeliverable Obligation or 
Hedge Disruption Obligation (as applicable), whether such Quotations shall include or 
exclude accrued but unpaid interest. 
"Affiliate" means in relation to any entity (the "First Entity"), any entity controlled, directly or 
indirectly, by the First Entity, any entity that controls, directly or indirectly, the First Entity or any 
entity directly or indirectly under common control with the First Entity. For these purposes 
"control" means ownership of a majority of the voting power of an entity. 
"Asset" means each obligation, equity, amount of cash, security, fee (including any "early-bird" or 
other consent fee), right and/or other asset, whether tangible or otherwise and whether issued, 
incurred, paid or provided by the Reference Entity or a third party (or any value which was realised 
or capable of being realised in circumstances where the right and/or other asset no longer exists). 
"Asset Market Value" means the market value of an Asset, as the Calculation Agent shall 
determine by reference to an appropriate specialist valuation or in accordance with the 
methodology determined by the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee. 
"Asset Package" means, in respect of an Asset Package Credit Event, all of the Assets in the 
proportion received or retained by a Relevant Holder in connection with such relevant Asset 
Package Credit Event (which may include the Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable 
Bond, as the case may be). If the Relevant Holder is offered a choice of Assets or a choice of 
combinations of Assets, the Asset Package will be the Largest Asset Package. If the Relevant 
Holder is offered, receives and retains nothing, the Asset Package shall be deemed to be zero. 
"Asset Package Credit Event" means: 
(a) 
if "Financial Reference Entity Terms" and "Governmental Intervention" are specified as 
applicable in the Issue Terms: 
(i) 
a Governmental Intervention; or 
(ii) 
a Restructuring in respect of the Reference Obligation, if "Restructuring" is 
specified as applicable in the Issue Terms and such Restructuring does not 
constitute a Governmental Intervention; and 
(b) 
if the Reference Entity is a Sovereign and "Restructuring" is specified as applicable in the 
Issue Terms, a Restructuring, 
in each case, whether or not such event is specified as the applicable Credit Event in the Credit 
Event Notice or the DC Credit Event Announcement. 
"Asset Package Delivery" will apply if an Asset Package Credit Event occurs, unless (i) such 
Asset Package Credit Event occurs prior to the Credit Event Backstop Date determined in respect 
of the Credit Event specified in the Credit Event Notice or DC Credit Event Announcement 
applicable to the Credit Event Determination Date, or (ii) if the Reference Entity is a Sovereign, 
either (a) no Package Observable Bond exists immediately prior to such Asset Package Credit 
Event or (b) it is specified not to apply in the Issue Terms by operation of the Physical Settlement 
Matrix or otherwise. 
"Auction" shall have the meaning as shall be set forth in the relevant Transaction Auction 
Settlement Terms. 
"Auction Cancellation Date" shall have the meaning as shall be set forth in the relevant 
Transaction Auction Settlement Terms. 
"Auction Covered Transaction" shall have the meaning as shall be set forth in the relevant 
Transaction Auction Settlement Terms.

--- Page 252 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
 
- 237 - 
 
 
"Auction Final Price" shall have the meaning as shall be set forth in the relevant Transaction 
Auction Settlement Terms. 
"Auction Final Price Determination Date" shall have the meaning as shall be set forth in the 
relevant Transaction Auction Settlement Terms. 
"Auction Settlement Date" shall mean the date that is the number of Business Days as shall be 
specified in the relevant Transaction Auction Settlement Terms (or, if a number of Business Days 
is not so specified, five Business Days) immediately following the Auction Final Price 
Determination Date. 
"Auction Settlement Notice" has the meaning given to that term in Credit Linked Condition 2. 
"Bankruptcy" means the Reference Entity: 
(a) 
is dissolved (other than pursuant to a consolidation, amalgamation or merger); 
(b) 
becomes insolvent or is unable to pay its debts or fails or admits in writing in a judicial, 
regulatory or administrative proceeding or filing its inability generally to pay its debts as 
they become due; 
(c) 
makes a general assignment, arrangement, scheme or composition with or for the benefit 
of its creditors generally, or such a general assignment, arrangement, scheme or 
composition becomes effective; 
(d) 
institutes or has instituted against it a proceeding seeking a judgment of insolvency or 
bankruptcy or any other similar relief under any bankruptcy or insolvency law or other 
law affecting creditors' rights, or a petition is presented for its winding-up or liquidation, 
and, in the case of any such proceeding or petition instituted or presented against it, such 
proceeding or petition (i) results in a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or the entry of 
an order for relief or the making of an order for its winding-up or liquidation or (ii) is not 
dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained in each case within thirty (30) calendar days 
of the institution or presentation thereof or before the Scheduled Maturity Date (in the case 
of Credit Linked Notes), whichever is earlier; 
(e) 
has a resolution passed for its winding-up or liquidation (other than pursuant to a 
consolidation, amalgamation or merger); 
(f) 
seeks or becomes subject to the appointment of an administrator, provisional liquidator, 
conservator, receiver, trustee, custodian or other similar official for it or for all or 
substantially all its assets; 
(g) 
has a secured party take possession of all or substantially all its assets or has a distress, 
execution, attachment, sequestration or other legal process levied, enforced or sued on or 
against all or substantially all its assets and such secured party maintains possession, or 
any such process is not dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained, in each case within 
thirty (30) calendar days thereafter or before the Scheduled Maturity Date (in the case of 
Credit Linked Notes), whichever is earlier; or 
(h) 
causes or is subject to any event with respect to it which, under the applicable laws of any 
jurisdiction, has any analogous effect to any of the events specified in clauses (a) to (g). 
"Calculation Agent City Business Day" means a day on which commercial banks and foreign 
exchange markets are generally open to settle payments in the Calculation Agent City specified in 
the Issue Terms. 
"Calculation Agent Physical Settlement Amendment Notice" means a notice by the Calculation 
Agent to the Issuer containing material information required to be included in a Physical Settlement 
Amendment Notice to be given by the Issuer.

--- Page 253 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
 
- 238 - 
 
 
"Calculation Agent Physical Settlement Notice" means a notice from the Calculation Agent to 
the Issuer containing material information required to be included in a Notice of Physical 
Settlement to be given by the Issuer. 
"Cash Settlement Notice" has the meaning given to that term in Credit Linked Condition 3. 
"Conditionally Transferable Obligation" means a Deliverable Obligation that is either 
Transferable, in the case of Bonds, or capable of being assigned or novated to all Modified Eligible 
Transferees without the consent of any person being required, in the case of any Deliverable 
Obligation other than Bonds, in each case as of each such date the Calculation Agent determines 
appropriate for purposes of the Hedging Arrangements provided, however, that a Deliverable 
Obligation other than Bonds will be a Conditionally Transferable Obligation notwithstanding that 
consent of the Reference Entity or the guarantor, if any, of a Deliverable Obligation other than 
Bonds (or the consent of the relevant obligor if the Reference Entity is guaranteeing such 
Deliverable Obligation) or any agent is required for such novation, assignment or transfer so long 
as the terms of such Deliverable Obligation provide that such consent may not be unreasonably 
withheld or delayed. Any requirement that notification of novation, assignment or transfer of a 
Deliverable Obligation be provided to a trustee, fiscal agent, administrative agent, clearing agent 
or paying agent for a Deliverable Obligation shall not be considered to be a requirement for consent 
for purposes of this definition of "Conditionally Transferable Obligation". 
"Conforming Reference Obligation" means a Reference Obligation which is a Deliverable 
Obligation determined in accordance with paragraph (a) below of the definition of Deliverable 
Obligation below. 
"Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms" means any Credit Derivatives Auction 
Settlement Terms published by ISDA, a form of which will be published by ISDA on its website 
at www.isda.org (or any successor website thereto) from time to time and may be amended from 
time to time. 
"Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee" (and each a "Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee") means each committee established pursuant to the DC Rules for 
purposes of reaching certain DC Resolutions in connection with credit derivative transactions. 
"Credit Event" means the occurrence of any one or more of the Credit Events specified in the 
Issue Terms which may include Bankruptcy, Failure to Pay, Obligation Acceleration, Obligation 
Default, Repudiation/Moratorium, Restructuring or Governmental Intervention. 
If an occurrence would otherwise constitute a Credit Event, such occurrence will constitute a Credit 
Event whether or not such occurrence arises directly or indirectly from, or is subject to a defence 
based upon: 
(a) 
any lack or alleged lack of authority or capacity of the Reference Entity to enter into any 
Obligation or, as applicable, an Underlying Obligor to enter into any Underlying 
Obligation; 
(b) 
any actual or alleged unenforceability, illegality, impossibility or invalidity with respect 
to any Obligation or, as applicable, any Underlying Obligation, however described; 
(c) 
any applicable law, order, regulation, decree or notice, however described, or the 
promulgation of, or any change in, the interpretation by any court, tribunal, regulatory 
authority or similar administrative or judicial body with competent or apparent jurisdiction 
of any applicable law, order, regulation, decree or notice, however described; or 
(d) 
the imposition of, or any change in, any exchange controls, capital restrictions or any other 
similar restrictions imposed by any monetary or other authority, however described. 
"Credit Event Amount" means, in the case of Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes to which Credit 
Payment As You Go applies, following the occurrence of a Credit Event Determination Date in 
respect of any Reference Entity (i) the amount specified as such in the Issue Terms or (ii) a Note's 
pro rata share of the amount (which may be zero) calculated by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the following formula:

--- Page 254 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
 
- 239 - 
 
 
ሺ𝑅𝐸𝑁𝐴ൈ𝐹𝑃ሻെ𝑈𝐶 
where: 
"RENA" is the Reference Entity Notional Amount in respect of the affected Reference Entity; 
"FP" is the Final Price, the Auction Final Price or the Set/Zero Recovery Price, as applicable, in 
respect of the affected Reference Entity; 
"UC" is Unwind Costs. 
Expressed in words, this is (1) the product of the Reference Entity Notional Amount in respect of 
the affected Reference Entity and the Final Price, Auction Final Price or the Set/Zero Recovery 
Price, as applicable, in respect of the affected Reference Entity minus (2) the Unwind Costs. 
"Credit Event Backstop Date" means: 
(a) 
for purposes of any event that constitutes a Credit Event (or with respect to a 
Repudiation/Moratorium, if applicable, the event described in paragraph (b) of the 
definition of Repudiation/Moratorium), as determined by DC Resolution, the date that is 
60 calendar days prior to the Credit Event Resolution Request Date; or 
(b) 
otherwise, the date that is sixty (60) calendar days prior to the earlier of: 
(i) 
if the Notice Delivery Date occurs during the Notice Delivery Period, the Notice 
Delivery Date; and 
(ii) 
if the Notice Delivery Date occurs during the Post Dismissal Additional Period, 
the Credit Event Resolution Request Date. 
The Credit Event Backstop Date shall not be subject to adjustment in accordance with any Business 
Day Convention. 
"Credit Event Determination Date" means, with respect to a Credit Event with respect to which: 
(a) 
Auction Settlement is the applicable Settlement Method or in any event in the case of a 
Tranched Linear Basket Credit Linked Note or a Zero/Set Recovery Note: 
(i) 
subject to paragraph (a)(ii) of this definition, the Notice Delivery Date if the 
Notice Delivery Date occurs during either the Notice Delivery Period or the Post 
Dismissal Additional Period, provided that neither (A) a DC Credit Event 
Announcement has occurred nor (B) a DC No Credit Event Announcement has 
occurred, in each case, with respect to the Credit Event specified in the Credit 
Event Notice; or 
(ii) 
notwithstanding paragraph (a)(i) of this definition, the Credit Event Resolution 
Request Date, if a DC Credit Event Announcement has occurred, the Credit Event 
Resolution Request Date has occurred on or prior to the last day of the Notice 
Delivery Period (including prior to the Trade Date) and either: 
(A) 
 
(1) 
the Credit Event is not an M(M)R Restructuring; and 
(2) 
the Trade Date occurs on or prior to a DC Announcement 
Coverage Cut-off Date; or 
(B) 
 
(1) 
the Credit Event is an M(M)R Restructuring; and 
(2) 
a Credit Event Notice is delivered and is effective on or prior to 
the Exercise Cut-off Date,

--- Page 255 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
 
- 240 - 
 
 
provided that no Credit Event Notice specifying an M(M)R Restructuring as the 
only Credit Event has previously been delivered unless the M(M)R Restructuring 
specified in such Credit Event Notice is also the subject of the DC Credit Event 
Question resulting in the occurrence of the Credit Event Resolution Request Date, 
or the Calculation Agent otherwise determines this is consistent with the Issuer's 
Hedging Arrangements, or 
(b) 
if paragraph (a) of this definition does not apply, the Non-Standard Credit Event 
Determination Date. 
Provided further that no Credit Event Determination Date will occur, and any Credit 
Event Determination Date previously determined with respect to an event shall be deemed 
not to have occurred, if, or to the extent that, prior to the Auction Final Price Determination 
Date, a Valuation Date, the Credit Settlement Date, the Credit Event Redemption Date or 
the Maturity Date as applicable, a DC No Credit Event Announcement Date occurs with 
respect to the relevant event. 
If, in accordance with the provisions above, (i) following the determination of a Credit 
Event Determination Date, such Credit Event Determination Date is deemed (A) to have 
occurred on a date that is different from the date that was originally determined to be the 
Credit Event Determination Date or (B) not to have occurred or (ii) a Credit Event 
Determination Date is deemed to have occurred prior to one or more preceding Interest 
Payment Dates, the Calculation Agent will determine (1) such adjustment(s) to these 
Credit Linked Conditions (including any adjustment to payment amounts) as may be 
required to reflect (I) such deemed date of occurrence or (II) such deemed non-occurrence, 
of such Credit Event Determination Date and (2) the effective date of such adjustment(s). 
For the avoidance of doubt, no accruals of interest shall be taken into account when 
calculating any adjustment to payment amounts. 
Where the Notes are First-to-Default Credit Linked Notes, a Credit Event Determination 
Date shall be deemed to occur with respect to the Notes on the first occasion a Credit 
Event Determination Date occurs with respect to any Reference Entity (the "First 
Reference Entity"). Where the Notes are First-to-Default Credit Linked Notes or Nth-to-
Default Credit Linked Notes and a Credit Event Determination Date occurs with respect 
to more than one Reference Entity on the same day, the Calculation Agent shall determine 
in its sole discretion the order in which such Credit Event Determination Dates occur. 
"Credit Event Notice" means a notice from the Calculation Agent to the Issuer (which the 
Calculation Agent has the right but not the obligation to deliver) that describes a Credit Event that 
occurred on or after the Credit Event Backstop Date and on or prior to the Extension Date. 
Any Credit Event Notice that describes a Credit Event that occurred after the Scheduled Maturity 
Date must relate to the relevant Potential Failure to Pay, in the case of a Grace Period Extension 
Date, or the relevant Potential Repudiation/Moratorium, in the case of a Repudiation/Moratorium 
Evaluation Date. 
A Credit Event Notice must contain a description in reasonable detail of the facts relevant to the 
determination that a Credit Event has occurred. The Credit Event that is the subject of the Credit 
Event Notice need not be continuing on the date the Credit Event Notice is effective. A Credit 
Event Notice shall be subject to the requirements regarding notices set out in General Condition 
12. 
"Credit Event Payment Date" means in relation to any Credit Event Amount the day falling the 
number of Business Days specified in the applicable Issue Terms (or, if a number of Business Days 
is not so specified, three Business Days) following (x) the calculation of the relevant Final Price 
or Auction Final Price, as applicable or (y) in the case of Zero/Set Recovery Notes, the Credit 
Event Determination Date.

--- Page 256 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
 
- 241 - 
 
 
"Credit Event Redemption Amount" means, unless otherwise specified in the Issue Terms: 
(a) 
in the case of Single Reference Entity Credit Linked Notes, First-to-Default Credit Linked 
Notes and Nth-to-Default Credit Linked Notes, an amount calculated by the Calculation 
Agent equal to each Note's pro rata share of: 
[•] 
Expressed in words, this is the sum of (a), (1) the product of the Reference Entity Notional 
Amount and the Final Price, Auction Final Price or the Set/Zero Recovery Price, as 
applicable minus (2) the Unwind Costs and (b) if specified as applicable in the Issue 
Terms, the Protected Amount. 
(b) 
in the case of Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes to which Credit Payment on Maturity 
applies, an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent equal to each Note's pro rata share 
of: 
൭෍𝑅𝐸𝑁𝐴௨,௜
௡
ଵ⋯௡
൱൅൭෍𝑅𝐸𝑁𝐴஺,௜ൈ𝐹𝑃஺,௜
௡
ଵ⋯௡
൱െ𝑈𝐶; 𝑜𝑟 
Expressed in words, this is (1) the sum of the Reference Entity Notional Amounts in 
respect of each Reference Entity for which a Credit Event Determination Date has not 
occurred plus (2) the sum of, in respect of each Reference Entity for which a Credit Event 
Determination Date has occurred, the product of the Reference Entity Notional Amount 
and the Final Price, Auction Final Price or the Set/Zero Recovery Price (as applicable) 
minus (3) Unwind Costs. 
(c) 
in the case of Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes to which Credit Payment As You Go 
applies, an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent equal to a Note's pro rata share 
of: 
෍𝑅𝐸𝑁𝐴௨,௜
௡
ଵ⋯௡
 
Expressed in words, this is the sum of the Reference Entity Notional Amounts in respect 
of each Reference Entity for which a Credit Event Determination Date has not occurred; 
or 
(d) 
In the case of Tranched Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes, an amount calculated by the 
Calculation Agent equal to each Note's pro rata share of: 
𝑎𝑔𝑔𝑟𝑒𝑔𝑎𝑡𝑒 𝑜𝑢𝑡𝑠𝑡𝑎𝑛𝑑𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑛𝑜𝑚𝑖𝑛𝑎𝑙 𝑎𝑚𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑡
∗൬1 െ൬
1
𝐻െ𝐿൰∗𝑀𝑖𝑛ൣ𝐻െ𝐿; 𝑀𝑎𝑥ሾ𝑁െ𝐿; 0ሿ൧൰ 
Expressed in words, this is the product of (i) the aggregate outstanding nominal amount 
of Notes and (ii) one minus the product of (x) the quotient of 1 as numerator and the 
number of Reference Entities specified as H (being the higher tranche level) in the Issue 
Terms minus the number of Reference Entities specified as L (being the lower tranche 
level) in the Issue Terms ("H-L" as denominator and (y) the lesser of H-L and the number, 
floored at zero, of Reference Entities in respect of which a Credit Event Determination 
Date has occurred minus the number of Reference Entities specified as L (being the lower 
tranche level) in the Issue Terms. 
where: 
"Protected Amount" means the amount stated in the Issue Terms if specified as applicable. 
"RENA" is the Reference Entity Notional Amount, with RENAu,i being the Reference Entity 
Notional Amount in respect of any Reference Entityi for which a Credit Event Determination Date

--- Page 257 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
 
- 242 - 
 
 
has not occurred and being deemed to be zero for all other Reference Entities and RENAA,i is the 
Reference Entity Notional Amount in respect of any Reference Entityi for which a Credit Event 
Determination Date has occurred and being deemed to be zero for all other Reference Entities; 
"FP" is the Final Price, the Auction Final Price or the Set/Zero Recovery Price, as applicable, with 
FPA,i being such value in respect of the Reference Entity for which a Credit Event Determination 
Date has occurred; 
"UC" is Unwind Costs; and 
"n" is the number of Reference Entities, 
provided that, in each case, in no event shall the Credit Event Redemption Amount be less than 
zero. 
"Credit Event Redemption Date" means, subject to Credit Linked Condition 11: 
(1) 
in the case of any Notes other than Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes, 
(a) 
the day falling three Business Days, or such other number of Business Days 
specified in the Issue Terms, after (i) the calculation of the Final Price (ii) the 
Auction Settlement Date or (iii) if the Notes are Zero/Set Recovery Notes the 
Credit Event Determination Date, as applicable, in each case in respect of the 
Reference Entity the occurrence of which results in the Notes becoming 
redeemable or 
(b) 
where Maturity Credit Redemption is specified to be applicable in the Issue Terms 
only: if later, the Maturity Date determined pursuant to these Credit Linked 
Conditions and subject to adjustment, where applicable, pursuant to Credit Linked 
Conditions 6, 7, 8, 9 and 11 or 
(2) 
in the case of Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes, the "Maturity Date" determined for 
these purposes as 
(A) 
subject to (B) and (C) below, the later of 
(a) 
the day falling three Business Days or such other number of Business 
Days specified in the Issue Terms, following (i) the calculation of the 
Final Price or (ii) the Auction Final Price Determination Date (or, if later, 
the related Auction Settlement Date) in respect of each Reference Entity 
for which a Credit Event Determination Date has occurred and for which 
the Final Price or Auction Final Price is relevant for the determination of 
the Credit Event Redemption Amount and 
(b) 
the Maturity Date determined without regard to the provisions of this 
paragraph and subject to adjustment as specified in Credit Linked 
Conditions 6, 7, 8, 9 or 11; or 
(B) 
if the Notes are Zero/Set Recovery Notes, the later of 
(a) 
the day falling three Business Days or such other number of Business 
Days specified in the Issue Terms, following the date as of which a Credit 
Event Determination Date has occurred or is determined not to have 
occurred in respect of each Reference Entity which is relevant for the 
determination of the Credit Event Redemption Amount and 
(b) 
the Maturity Date determined without regard to the provisions of this 
paragraph and subject to adjustment as specified in Credit Linked 
Conditions 6, 7, 8, 9 or 11; or 
(C) 
if the Notes are Tranched Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes, the Maturity Date 
subject to adjustment as specified in Credit Linked Conditions 6, 7, 8, 9 or 11.

--- Page 258 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
 
- 243 - 
 
 
"Credit Event Resolution Request Date" means, with respect to a DC Credit Event Question, the 
date, as publicly announced by the DC Secretary, that the relevant Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee Resolves to be the date on which the DC Credit Event Question was 
effective and on which the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee was in 
possession of Publicly Available Information with respect to such DC Credit Event Question. 
"Credit Settlement Date" means (a) the last day of the longest Physical Settlement Period 
following the PSN Cut-off Date (the "Scheduled Credit Settlement Date") provided that if a 
Hedge Disruption Event has occurred and is continuing on the second Business Day immediately 
preceding the Scheduled Credit Settlement Date, the Credit Settlement Date shall be the earlier of 
(i) the second Business Day following the date on which no Hedge Disruption Event subsists and 
(ii) the day falling sixty (60) Business Days following the Scheduled Credit Settlement Date or (b) 
where Maturity Credit Redemption is specified to be applicable in the Issue Terms only: if later, 
the Maturity Date determined pursuant to these Credit Linked Conditions and subject to 
adjustment, where applicable, pursuant to Credit Linked Conditions 6, 7, 8, 9 and 11. 
"Currency Amount" means, with respect to (a) a Deliverable Obligation specified in a Notice of 
Physical Settlement that is denominated in a currency other than the Settlement Currency, an 
amount converted to the Settlement Currency using a conversion rate determined by reference to 
the Currency Rate and (b) a Replacement Deliverable Obligation specified in a Physical Settlement 
Amendment Notice, an amount converted to the Settlement Currency (or, if applicable, back into 
the Settlement Currency) using a conversion rate determined by reference to the Currency Rate, if 
any, and each Revised Currency Rate used to convert each Replaced Deliverable Obligation 
Outstanding Amount specified in each Physical Settlement Amendment Notice with respect to that 
portion of the relevant Credit Linked Notes into the currency of denomination of the relevant 
Replacement Deliverable Obligation. 
"Currency Rate" means, with respect to (a) a Deliverable Obligation specified in the Notice of 
Physical Settlement or any Physical Settlement Amendment Notice, as applicable, the rate of 
conversion between the Settlement Currency and the currency in which the Outstanding Amount 
of such Deliverable Obligation is denominated that is either (i) determined by reference to the 
Currency Rate Source as at the Next Currency Fixing Time or (ii) if such rate is not available at 
such time, determined by the Calculation Agent and (b) a Replacement Deliverable Obligation 
specified in a Physical Settlement Amendment Notice, the Revised Currency Rate. 
"Currency Rate Source" means the mid-point rate of conversion published by WM/Reuters at 
4:00 p.m. (London time), or any successor rate source approved by the relevant Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee. 
"DC Announcement Coverage Cut-off Date" means, with respect to a DC Credit Event 
Announcement, the Auction Final Price Determination Date, the Auction Cancellation Date, or the 
date that is fourteen calendar days following the No Auction Announcement Date, if any, as 
applicable. 
"DC Credit Event Announcement" means, with respect to the Reference Entity, a public 
announcement by the DC Secretary that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee 
has Resolved that an event that constitutes a Credit Event has occurred on or after the Credit Event 
Backstop Date and on or prior to the Extension Date, provided that if the Credit Event occurred 
after the Scheduled Maturity Date, the DC Credit Event Announcement must relate to the relevant 
Potential Failure to Pay, in the case of a Grace Period Extension Date, or the relevant Potential 
Repudiation/Moratorium, in the case of a Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date. 
"DC Credit Event Meeting Announcement" means, with respect to the Reference Entity, a public 
announcement by the DC Secretary that a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee will be 
convened to Resolve the matters described in a DC Credit Event Question. 
"DC Credit Event Question" means a notice to the DC Secretary requesting that a Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committee be convened to Resolve whether an event that constitutes 
a Credit Event has occurred.

--- Page 259 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
 
- 244 - 
 
 
"DC Credit Event Question Dismissal" means, with respect to the Reference Entity, a public 
announcement by the DC Secretary that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee 
has Resolved not to determine the matters described in a DC Credit Event Question. 
"DC Cut-off Date" has the meaning given to that term in Credit Linked Condition 8. 
"DC No Credit Event Announcement" means, with respect to the Reference Entity, a public 
announcement by the DC Secretary that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee 
has Resolved that an event that is the subject of a DC Credit Event Question does not constitute a 
Credit Event. 
"DC Party" has the meaning given to that term in the DC Rules. 
"DC Resolution" has the meaning given to that term the DC Rules. 
"DC Rules" means the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees Rules, as published by 
ISDA on its website at www.isda.org (or any successor website thereto) from time to time and as 
amended from time to time in accordance with the terms thereof. 
"DC Secretary" has the meaning given to that term in the DC Rules. 
"Default Requirement" means the amount specified as such in the Issue Terms or its equivalent 
in the relevant Obligation Currency or, if no such amount is specified in the Issue Terms, 
US$10,000,000, or its equivalent as calculated by the Calculation Agent in the relevant Obligation 
Currency, in either case, as of the occurrence of the relevant Credit Event. 
"Deliver" means to deliver, novate, transfer (including, in the case of a Guarantee, transfer of the 
benefit of the Guarantee), assign or sell, as appropriate, in the manner customary for the settlement 
of the applicable Deliverable Obligations (which shall include executing all necessary 
documentation and taking any other necessary actions), in order to convey all right, title (or, with 
respect to Deliverable Obligations where only equitable title is customarily conveyed, all equitable 
title) and interest in the Entitlement to the relevant Noteholder free and clear of any and all liens, 
charges, claims or encumbrances including without limitation any counterclaim, defence (other 
than a counterclaim or defence based on the factors set out in (a) to (d) in the definition of "Credit 
Event" above but excluding any liens routinely imposed on all securities in a relevant clearance 
system or right of set-off by or of the Reference Entity or any applicable Underlying Obligor) 
provided that (i) if all or a portion of the Entitlement consists of Direct Loan Participations, 
"Deliver" means to create (or procure the creation of) a participation in favour of the relevant 
Noteholder and (ii) if a Deliverable Obligation is a Guarantee, "Deliver" means to Deliver both 
the Underlying Obligation and the Guarantee, provided further that if the Guarantee has a Fixed 
Cap, "Deliver" means to Deliver the Underlying Obligation, the Guarantee and all claims to any 
amounts which are subject to such Fixed Cap. "Delivery" and "Delivered" will be construed 
accordingly. In the case of a Loan, Delivery shall be effected using documentation substantially in 
the form of the documentation customarily used in the relevant market for Delivery of such Loan 
at that time. 
If Asset Package Delivery is specified as applicable in the Issue Terms, (i) Delivery of a Prior 
Deliverable Obligation or a Package Observable Bond specified in the Notice of Physical 
Settlement or Physical Settlement Amendment Notice, as applicable, may be satisfied by Delivery 
of the related Asset Package, and such Asset Package shall be treated as having the same currency, 
Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and Payable Amount, as applicable, as the Prior Deliverable 
Obligation or Package Observable Bond to which it corresponds had immediately prior to the Asset 
Package Credit Event, (ii) paragraph (a) above shall be deemed to apply to each Asset in the Asset 
Package provided that if any such Asset is not a Bond, it shall be treated as if it were a Loan for 
these purposes, (iii) if the Asset Package is zero, the Outstanding Amount of the Prior Deliverable 
Obligation or Package Observable Bond shall be deemed to have been Delivered in full three 
Business Days following the date on which the Issuer has notified the Holders in accordance with 
Credit Linked Condition 4 of the detailed description of the Asset Package that it intends to Deliver, 
(iv) the Issuer may satisfy its obligation to make Delivery of the Prior Deliverable Obligation or 
Package Observable Bond in part by Delivery of each Asset in the Asset Package in the correct 
proportion and (v) if the relevant Asset is a Non-Transferable Instrument or Non-Financial

--- Page 260 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
 
- 245 - 
 
 
Instrument, the Asset shall be deemed to be an amount of cash equal to the Asset Market Value 
and the term Asset Package shall be construed accordingly. 
"Deliverable Obligation" means: 
(a) 
any obligation of the Reference Entity (either directly or as provider of a Relevant 
Guarantee) determined pursuant to the method described in "(A) Method for Determining 
Deliverable Obligations" below; 
(b) 
the Reference Obligation; 
(c) 
solely in relation to a Restructuring Credit Event applicable to a Reference Entity which 
is a Sovereign, and unless Asset Package Delivery is applicable, any Sovereign 
Restructured Deliverable Obligation; and 
(d) 
if Asset Package Delivery is applicable, (i) if Financial Reference Entity Terms is 
specified as applicable in the Issue Terms, any Prior Deliverable Obligation, or (ii) if the 
Reference Entity is a Sovereign, any Package Observable Bond, 
in each case, (i) unless it is an Excluded Deliverable Obligation and (ii) provided that the 
obligation has an Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and Payable Amount that is 
greater than zero (determined for purposes of paragraph (d) above, immediately prior to 
the relevant Asset Package Credit Event). 
(i) 
Method for Determining Deliverable Obligations. For the purposes of this 
definition of "Deliverable Obligation", the term "Deliverable Obligation" may be 
defined as each obligation of the Reference Entity described by the Deliverable 
Obligation Category specified in the Issue Terms, and, subject to paragraph (ii) 
(Interpretation of Provisions) below, having each of, the Deliverable Obligation 
Characteristics, if any, specified in the Issue Terms, in each case, as of each such 
date the Calculation Agent determines relevant for purposes of the Hedging 
Arrangements. The following terms shall have the following meanings: 
(A) 
"Deliverable Obligation Category" means one of Payment, Borrowed 
Money, Reference Obligation Only, Bond, Loan, or Bond or Loan (each 
as defined in the definition of "Obligation" below, except that, for the 
purpose of determining Deliverable Obligation, the definition of 
"Reference Obligations Only" shall be amended to state that no 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristics shall be applicable to Reference 
Obligation Only). 
(B) 
"Deliverable Obligation Characteristics" means any one or more of 
Not Subordinated, Specified Currency, Not Sovereign Lender, Not 
Domestic Currency, Not Domestic Law, Listed, Not Domestic Issuance 
(each as defined in the definition of "Obligation" below), Assignable 
Loan, Consent Required Loan, Direct Loan Participation, Transferable, 
Maximum Maturity, Accelerated or Matured and Not Bearer; 
(1) 
"Assignable Loan" means a Loan that is capable of being 
assigned or novated to, at a minimum, commercial banks or 
financial institutions (irrespective of their jurisdiction of 
organisation) that are not then a lender or a member of the 
relevant lending syndicate, without the consent of the relevant 
Reference Entity or the guarantor, if any, of such Loan (or the 
consent of the applicable borrower if the Reference Entity is 
guaranteeing such Loan) or any agent; 
(2) 
"Consent Required Loan" means a Loan that is capable of 
being assigned or novated with the consent of the Reference 
Entity or the guarantor, if any, of such Loan (or the consent of 
the relevant borrower if the Reference Entity is guaranteeing 
such loan) or any agent;

--- Page 261 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
 
- 246 - 
 
 
(3) 
"Direct Loan Participation" means a Loan in respect of which, 
pursuant to a participation agreement, the Issuer is capable of 
creating, or procuring the creation of, a contractual right in 
favour of each Noteholder that provides each Noteholder with 
recourse to the participation seller for a specified share in any 
payments due under the relevant Loan which are received by 
such participation seller, any such agreement to be entered into 
between each Noteholder and either (A) the Issuer (to the extent 
that the Issuer, is then a lender or a member of the relevant 
lending syndicate), or (B) a Qualifying Participation Seller (if 
any) (to the extent such Qualifying Participation Seller is then a 
lender or a member of the relevant lending syndicate); 
(4) 
"Transferable" means an obligation that is transferable to 
institutional investors without any contractual, statutory or 
regulatory restriction, provided that none of the following shall 
be considered contractual, statutory or regulatory restrictions: 
I 
contractual, statutory or regulatory restrictions that 
provide for eligibility for resale pursuant to Rule 144A 
or Regulation S under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, 
as amended (and any contractual, statutory or regulatory 
restrictions promulgated under the laws of any 
jurisdiction having a similar effect in relation to the 
eligibility for resale of an obligation); 
II 
restrictions on permitted investments such as statutory 
or regulatory investment restrictions on insurance 
companies and pension funds; or 
III 
restrictions in respect of blocked periods on or around 
payment dates or voting periods; 
(5) 
"Maximum Maturity" means an obligation that has a 
remaining maturity of not greater than the period specified in the 
Issue Terms (or if no such period is specified, thirty years); 
(6) 
"Accelerated or Matured" means an obligation under which 
the principal amount owed, whether by reason of maturity, 
acceleration, termination or otherwise, is due and payable in full 
in accordance with the terms of such obligation, or would have 
been but for, and without regard to, any limitation imposed 
under any applicable insolvency laws; and 
(7) 
"Not Bearer" means any obligation that is not a bearer 
instrument unless interests with respect to such bearer 
instrument are cleared via Euroclear, Clearstream International 
or any other internationally recognised clearing system. 
(ii) 
Interpretation of Provisions 
(A) 
If either of the Obligation Characteristics "Listed" or "Not Domestic 
Issuance" is specified in the Issue Terms, the Issue Terms shall be 
construed as though the relevant Obligation Characteristic had been 
specified as an Obligation Characteristic only with respect to Bonds. 
(B) 
If (i) either of the Deliverable Obligation Characteristics "Listed", "Not 
Domestic Issuance" or "Not Bearer" is specified in the Issue Terms, the 
Issue Terms shall be construed as though such Deliverable Obligation 
Characteristic had been specified as a Deliverable Obligation 
Characteristic only with respect to Bonds; (ii) the Deliverable Obligation

--- Page 262 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
 
- 247 - 
 
 
Characteristic "Transferable" is specified in the Issue Terms, the Issue 
Terms shall be construed as though such Deliverable Obligation 
Characteristic had been specified as a Deliverable Obligation 
Characteristic only with respect to Deliverable Obligations that are not 
Loans; or (iii) any of the Deliverable Obligation Characteristics 
"Assignable Loan", "Consent Required Loan" or "Direct Loan 
Participation" is specified in the Issue Terms, the Issue Terms shall be 
construed as though such Deliverable Obligation Characteristic had been 
specified as a Deliverable Obligation Characteristic only with respect to 
Loans. 
(C) 
If more than one of "Assignable Loan", "Consent Required Loan" and 
"Direct Loan Participation" are specified as Deliverable Obligation 
Characteristics in the Issue Terms, the Deliverable Obligations may 
include any Loan that satisfies any one of such Deliverable Obligation 
Characteristics specified and need not satisfy all such Deliverable 
Obligation Characteristics. 
(D) 
If an Obligation or a Deliverable Obligation is a Relevant Guarantee, the 
following will apply: 
(1) 
for purposes of the application of the Obligation Category or the 
Deliverable Obligation Category, the Relevant Guarantee shall 
be deemed to be described by the same category or categories as 
those that describe the Underlying Obligation; 
(2) 
for purposes of the application of the Obligation Characteristics 
or the Deliverable Obligation Characteristics, both the Relevant 
Guarantee and the Underlying Obligation must satisfy on the 
relevant date or dates each of the applicable Obligation 
Characteristics or the Deliverable Obligation Characteristics, if 
any, specified in the Issue Terms from the following list: "Not 
Subordinated", "Specified Currency", "Not Sovereign Lender", 
"Not Domestic Currency" and "Not Domestic Law"; 
(3) 
for purposes of the application of the Obligation Characteristics 
or the Deliverable Obligation Characteristics, only the 
Underlying Obligation must satisfy on the relevant date or dates 
each of the applicable Obligation Characteristics or the 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristics, if any, specified in the 
Issue Terms from the following list: "Listed", "Not Domestic 
Issuance", "Assignable Loan", "Consent Required Loan", 
"Direct Loan Participation", "Transferable", "Maximum 
Maturity", "Accelerated" or "Matured" and "Not Bearer"; and 
(4) 
for purposes of the application of the Obligation Characteristics 
or the Deliverable Obligation Characteristics to an Underlying 
Obligation, references to the Reference Entity shall be deemed 
to refer to the Underlying Obligor. 
(5) 
For purposes of the application of the Deliverable Obligation 
Characteristic "Maximum Maturity", remaining maturity shall 
be determined on the basis of the terms of the Deliverable 
Obligation in effect at the time of making such determination 
and, in the case of a Deliverable Obligation that is due and 
payable, the remaining maturity shall be zero. 
(6) 
If "Financial Reference Entity Terms" and "Governmental 
Intervention" are specified as applicable in the Issue Terms, if 
an obligation would otherwise satisfy a particular Obligation 
Characteristic or Deliverable Obligation Characteristic, the

--- Page 263 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
 
- 248 - 
 
 
existence of any terms in the relevant obligation in effect at the 
time of making the determination which permit the Reference 
Entity's obligations to be altered, discharged, released or 
suspended in circumstances which would constitute a 
Governmental Intervention, shall not cause such obligation to 
fail to satisfy such Obligation Characteristic or Deliverable 
Obligation Characteristic. 
(7) 
For purposes of determining the applicability of Deliverable 
Obligation Characteristics and the requirements specified in the 
paragraphs commencing "If "Mod R" …" and "If "Mod Mod 
R" …" in Credit Linked Condition 4 to a Prior Deliverable 
Obligation or a Package Observable Bond, any such 
determination shall be made by reference to the terms of the 
relevant obligation in effect immediately prior to the Asset 
Package Credit Event. 
(8) 
If "Subordinated European Insurance Terms" is specified as 
applicable in the Issue Terms, if an obligation would otherwise 
satisfy the "Maximum Maturity" Deliverable Obligation 
Characteristic, the existence of any Solvency Capital Provisions 
in such obligation shall not cause it to fail to satisfy such 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristic. 
For the avoidance of doubt the provisions of this paragraph (ii) apply in respect of the 
definitions of Obligation and Deliverable Obligation as the context admits. 
"Deliverable Obligation Provisions" has the meaning set forth in the relevant Credit Derivatives 
Auction Settlement Terms. 
"Deliverable Obligation Terms" has the meaning set forth in the relevant Credit Derivatives 
Auction Settlement Terms. 
"Delivery Date" means, with respect to a Deliverable Obligation or an Asset Package, the date 
such Deliverable Obligation is Delivered (or deemed to be Delivered pursuant to the definition of 
"Deliver" above). 
"Domestic Currency" means the currency specified as such in the Issue Terms and any successor 
currency thereto (or if no such currency is specified, the lawful currency and any successor 
currency of (a) the Reference Entity, if the Reference Entity is a Sovereign, or (b) the jurisdiction 
in which the Reference Entity is organised, if the Reference Entity is not a Sovereign. 
"Domestic Law" means each of the laws of (a) the Reference Entity, if such Reference Entity is a 
Sovereign, or (b) the jurisdiction in which the Reference Entity is organised, if such Reference 
Entity is not a Sovereign. 
"Downstream Affiliate" means an entity whose outstanding Voting Shares were, at the date of 
issuance of the Qualifying Guarantee, more than 50% owned, directly or indirectly, by the 
Reference Entity. As used herein, "Voting Shares" shall mean those shares or other interests that 
have the power to elect the board of directors or similar governing body of an entity. 
"Due and Payable Amount" means the amount that is due and payable by the Reference Entity 
under the obligation whether by reason of maturity, acceleration, termination or otherwise 
(excluding sums in respect of default interest, indemnities, tax gross-ups and other similar 
amounts) less all or any portion of such amount which, pursuant to the terms of the obligation (a) 
is subject to any Prohibited Action, or (b) may otherwise be reduced as a result of the effluxion of 
time or the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event or circumstance (other than by way of (i) 
payment or (ii) a Permitted Contingency), in each case, determined in accordance with the terms 
of the obligation in effect on either (A) the relevant PSN Effective Date (or if the terms of the 
obligation are amended after such date but on or prior to the Delivery Date, the Delivery Date), or 
(B) the relevant Valuation Date, as applicable.

--- Page 264 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
 
- 249 - 
 
 
"Eligible Information" means information which is publicly available or which can be made 
public without violating any law, agreement, understanding or other restriction regarding the 
confidentiality of such information. 
"Eligible Transferee" means: 
(a) 
any: 
(i) 
bank or other financial institution; 
(ii) 
insurance or reinsurance company; 
(iii) 
mutual fund, unit trust or similar collective investment vehicle (other than an 
entity described in sub-paragraph (c) below); and 
(iv) 
registered or licensed broker or dealer (other than a natural person or 
proprietorship), 
provided, however, in each case that such entity has total assets of at least US$500 million; 
(b) 
an Affiliate of an entity specified in sub-paragraph (a); 
(c) 
each of a corporation, partnership, proprietorship, organisation, trust or other entity: 
(i) 
that is an investment vehicle (including, without limitation, any hedge fund, issuer 
of collateralised debt obligations, commercial paper conduit or other special 
purpose vehicle) that (A) has total assets of at least US$100 million or (B) is one 
of a group of investment vehicles under common control or management having, 
in aggregate, total assets of at least US$100 million; or 
(ii) 
that has total assets of at least US$500 million; or 
(iii) 
the obligations of which under an agreement, contract or transaction are 
guaranteed or otherwise supported by a letter of credit or keepwell, support, or 
other agreement by an entity described in sub-paragraphs (a), (b), (c)(i) or (d); or 
(d) 
any Sovereign; or 
(e) 
any entity or organization established by treaty or other arrangement between two or more 
Sovereigns including, without limiting the foregoing, the International Monetary Fund, 
European Central Bank, International Bank for Reconstruction and Development and 
European Bank for Reconstruction and Development. 
All references in this definition to US$ include equivalent amounts in other currencies in each case 
as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"Entitlement" means, in respect of each nominal amount of Credit Linked Notes equal to the 
Calculation Amount, as applicable, Deliverable Obligations, as selected by the Calculation Agent, 
with: 
(a) 
in the case of Deliverable Obligations that are Borrowed Money, an Outstanding Principal 
Balance; or 
(b) 
in the case of Deliverable Obligations that are not Borrowed Money, a Due and Payable 
Amount, 
(or, in the case of either (a) or (b), the equivalent Currency Amount of any such amount), in an 
aggregate amount as of the relevant Delivery Date equal to the Calculation Amount less, if Unwind 
Costs are specified as applying in the Issue Terms, Deliverable Obligations with a market value 
determined by the Calculation Agent on the Business Day selected by the Calculation Agent falling 
during the period from and including the Credit Event Determination Date to and including the 
Delivery Date equal to a pro rata share of Unwind Costs.

--- Page 265 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
 
- 250 - 
 
 
"Excluded Deliverable Obligation" means: 
(a) 
any obligation of a Reference Entity specified as such or of a type described in the Issue 
Terms; 
(b) 
any principal only component of a Bond from which some or all of the interest components 
have been stripped; and 
(c) 
if Asset Package Delivery is applicable, any obligation issued or incurred on or after the 
date of the relevant Asset Package Credit Event. 
"Excluded Obligation" means: 
(a) 
any obligation of a Reference Entity specified as such or of a type described in the Issue 
Terms; 
(b) 
if "Financial Reference Entity Terms" is specified as applicable in the Issue Terms and (i) 
the relevant Reference Obligation or Prior Reference Obligation, as applicable, is a Senior 
Obligation, or (ii) there is no Reference Obligation or Prior Reference Obligation, then for 
purposes of determining whether a Governmental Intervention or Restructuring has 
occurred, any Subordinated Obligation; and 
(c) 
if "Financial Reference Entity Terms" is specified as applicable in the Issue Terms and the 
relevant Reference Obligation or Prior Reference Obligation, as applicable, is a 
Subordinated Obligation, then for purposes of determining whether a Governmental 
Intervention or Restructuring has occurred, any Further Subordinated Obligation. 
"Exercise Cut-off Date" means either: 
(a) 
with respect to an M(M)R Restructuring and any Note to which paragraph (a) of the 
definition of Credit Event Determination Date above applies: 
(i) 
if the DC Secretary publishes a Final List applicable to the Transaction Auction 
Settlement Terms and/or Parallel Auction Settlement Terms, the date that is five 
Relevant City Business Days following the date on which such Final List is 
published; or 
(ii) 
otherwise, the date that is 14 calendar days following the relevant No Auction 
Announcement Date; or 
(b) 
with respect to a Credit Event where paragraph (a) of the definition of Credit Event 
Determination Date does not apply, the relevant Non-Standard Exercise Cut-off Date, 
or, in each case, such other date as the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee 
Resolves. 
"Extension Date" means the latest of: 
(a) 
the Scheduled Maturity Date (for the purposes of this definition of Extension Date, the 
"Scheduled Termination Date"); 
(b) 
the Grace Period Extension Date if (i) "Failure to Pay" and "Grace Period Extension" are 
specified as applying in the Issue Terms, and (ii) the Potential Failure to Pay with respect 
to the relevant Failure to Pay occurs on or prior to the Scheduled Termination Date; and 
(c) 
the Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date (if any) if "Repudiation/Moratorium" is 
specified as applicable in the Issue Terms, as applicable. 
"Failure to Pay" means after the expiration of any applicable Grace Period (after the satisfaction 
of any conditions precedent to the commencement of such Grace Period), the failure by the 
Reference Entity to make, when and where due, any payments in an aggregate amount of not less 
than the Payment Requirement under one or more Obligations in accordance with the terms of such 
Obligations at the time of such failure provided that, if an occurrence that would constitute a

--- Page 266 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
 
- 251 - 
 
 
Failure to Pay (a) is a result of a redenomination that occurs as a result of action taken by a 
Governmental Authority which is of general application in the jurisdiction of such Governmental 
Authority and (b) a freely available market rate of conversion existed at the time of the 
redenomination, then such occurrence will be deemed not to constitute a Failure to Pay unless the 
redenomination itself constituted a reduction in the rate or amount of interest, principal or premium 
payable (as determined by reference to such freely available market rate of conversion) at the time 
of such redenomination. 
"Fallback Settlement Method" means, with respect to any Credit Linked Notes for which Auction 
Settlement is specified as the applicable Settlement Method in the Issue Terms, the fallback 
settlement method specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Final List" has the meaning given in the DC Rules. 
"Final Price" means the price of the relevant Reference Obligation(s), as the case may be, 
expressed as a percentage of its Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and Payable Amount, as 
applicable, determined in accordance with the Valuation Method specified in the Issue Terms or, 
where applicable, Credit Linked Condition 10. The Calculation Agent shall as soon as practicable 
after obtaining all Quotations for a Valuation Date, make available for inspection by Noteholders 
at the specified office of the relevant Paying Agent (i) each such Quotation that it receives in 
connection with the calculation of the Final Price and (ii) a written computation showing its 
calculation of the Final Price. 
"First-to-Default Credit Linked Notes" means Credit Linked Notes indicated as such in the Issue 
Terms where the Issuer purchases credit protection from the Noteholders in respect of two or more 
Reference Entities, as specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Fixed Cap" means, with respect to a Guarantee, a specified numerical limit or cap on the liability 
of the Reference Entity in respect of some or all payments due under the Underlying Obligation, 
provided that a Fixed Cap shall exclude a limit or cap determined by reference to a formula with 
one or more variable inputs (and for these purposes, the outstanding principal or other amounts 
payable pursuant to the Underlying Obligation shall not be considered to be variable inputs). 
"Full Quotation" means, in accordance with the Quotation Method each firm quotation obtained 
from a Quotation Dealer at the Valuation Time, to the extent reasonably practicable, for an amount 
of the Reference Obligation with an Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and Payable Amount 
equal to the Quotation Amount. 
"Fully Transferable Obligation" means a Deliverable Obligation that is either Transferable, in 
the case of Bonds, or capable of being assigned or novated to all Eligible Transferees without the 
consent of any person being required in the case of any Deliverable Obligation other than Bonds, 
in each case, as of each such date as the Calculation Agent determines relevant for purposes of the 
Hedging Arrangements. Any requirement that notification of novation, assignment or transfer of a 
Deliverable Obligation be provided to a trustee, fiscal agent, administrative agent, clearing agent 
or paying agent for a Deliverable Obligation shall not be considered as a requirement for consent 
for purposes of this definition of "Fully Transferable Obligation". 
"Further Subordinated Obligation" means, in respect of a Reference Entity, if the relevant 
Reference Obligation or Prior Reference Obligation, as applicable, is a Subordinated Obligation, 
any obligation which is Subordinated thereto. 
"Governmental Authority" means: 
(a) 
any de facto or de jure government (or any agency, instrumentality, ministry or department 
thereof); 
(b) 
any court, tribunal, administrative or other governmental, inter-governmental or 
supranational body; 
(c) 
any authority or any other entity (private or public) either designated as a resolution 
authority or charged with the regulation or supervision of the financial markets (including 
a central bank) of the Reference Entity or some or all of its obligations; or

--- Page 267 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
 
- 252 - 
 
 
(d) 
any other authority which is analogous to any of the entities specified in paragraphs (a) to 
(c) above. 
"Governmental Intervention" means that, with respect to one or more Obligations and in relation 
to an aggregate amount of not less than the Default Requirement, any one or more of the following 
events occurs as a result of action taken or an announcement made by a Governmental Authority 
pursuant to, or by means of, a restructuring and resolution law or regulation (or any other similar 
law or regulation), in each case, applicable to the Reference Entity in a form which is binding, 
irrespective of whether such event is expressly provided for under the terms of such Obligation: 
(a) 
any event which would affect creditors' rights so as to cause: 
(i) 
a reduction in the rate or amount of interest payable or the amount of scheduled 
interest accruals (including by way of redenomination); 
(ii) 
a reduction in the amount of principal or premium payable at redemption 
(including by way of redenomination); 
(iii) 
a postponement or other deferral of a date or dates for either (I) the payment or 
accrual of interest, or (II) the payment of principal or premium; or 
(iv) 
a change in the ranking in priority of payment of any Obligation, causing the 
Subordination of such Obligation to any other Obligation; 
(b) 
an expropriation, transfer or other event which mandatorily changes the beneficial holder 
of the Obligation; 
(c) 
a mandatory cancellation, conversion or exchange; or 
(d) 
any event which has an analogous effect to any of the events specified in paragraphs (a) 
to (c). 
For purposes of this definition of Governmental Intervention, the term Obligation shall be deemed 
to include Underlying Obligations for which the Reference Entity is acting as provider of a 
Guarantee. 
"Grace Period" means: 
(a) 
subject to paragraphs (b) and (c) below, the applicable grace period with respect to 
payments under and in accordance with the terms of the relevant Obligation in effect as of 
the date as of which such Obligation is issued or incurred; 
(b) 
if "Grace Period Extension" is specified as applying in the Issue Terms, a Potential Failure 
to Pay has occurred on or prior to the Scheduled Maturity Date or relevant Interest 
Payment Date and the applicable grace period cannot, by its terms, expire on or prior to 
the Scheduled Maturity Date or relevant Interest Payment Date, the Grace Period will be 
deemed to be the lesser of such grace period and the period specified as such in the Issue 
Terms or, if no period is specified in the Issue Terms, thirty (30) calendar days; and 
(c) 
if, as of the date as of which an Obligation is issued or incurred, no grace period with 
respect to payments or a grace period with respect to payments of less than three Grace 
Period Business Days is applicable under the terms of such Obligation, a Grace Period of 
three Grace Period Business Days shall be deemed to apply to such Obligation; provided 
that, unless Grace Period Extension is specified as applying in the Issue Terms, such 
deemed Grace Period shall expire no later than the Scheduled Maturity Date or relevant 
Interest Payment Date. 
"Grace Period Business Day" means a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange 
markets are generally open to settle payments in the place or places and on the days specified for 
that purpose in the relevant Obligation and if a place or places are not so specified (a) if the 
Obligation Currency is the euro, a day on which the TARGET2 System is open, or (b) otherwise,

--- Page 268 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
 
- 253 - 
 
 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets are generally open to settle 
payments in the principal financial city in the jurisdiction of the Obligation Currency. 
"Grace Period Extension Date" means, if: 
(a) 
"Grace Period Extension" is specified as applying in the Issue Terms; and 
(b) 
a Potential Failure to Pay occurs on or prior to the Scheduled Maturity Date or relevant 
Interest Payment Date, 
the date falling the number of days in the Grace Period after the date of such Potential Failure to 
Pay. If "Grace Period Extension" is not specified as applicable in the Issue Terms, Grace Period 
Extension shall not apply. 
"Guarantee" means a Relevant Guarantee or a guarantee which is the Reference Obligation. 
"Hedging Arrangements" means any transaction(s), asset(s) or trading position(s) the Issuer 
and/or any of its Affiliates or agents may enter into or hold from time to time (including, if 
applicable, on a portfolio basis) to hedge directly or indirectly and whether in whole or in part the 
credit or other price risk of the Issuer issuing and performing its obligations with respect to the 
Credit Linked Notes. 
"Hedge Disruption Event" means in the opinion of the Calculation Agent any event (including, 
without limitation, any delay in settlement of any Auction) as a result of which the Issuer and/or 
any of its Affiliates (a) has not received the relevant Deliverable Obligations under the terms of 
the Issuer's Hedging Arrangements (if any) and/or (b) cannot maintain, adjust, enter into or exercise 
rights under its Hedging Arrangements in each case in such a manner as is necessary to meet its 
obligations in full as these fall due solely with amounts or assets which it is entitled to receive 
under the Hedging Arrangements on the relevant due date(s) therefor. 
"Hedge Disruption Obligation" means a Deliverable Obligation included in the Entitlement 
which, on the Credit Settlement Date for such Deliverable Obligation, the Calculation Agent 
determines cannot be Delivered as a result of a Hedge Disruption Event. 
"ISDA" means the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. 
"Largest Asset Package" means, in respect of a Prior Deliverable Obligation or a Package 
Observable Bond, as the case may be, the package of Assets for which the greatest amount of 
principal has been or will be exchanged or converted (including by way of amendment), as 
determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to Eligible Information. If this cannot be 
determined, the Largest Asset Package will be the package of Assets with the highest immediately 
realizable value, determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the methodology, if any, 
determined by the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee. 
"Latest Maturity Restructured Bond or Loan" has the meaning given to that term in the 
definition of "Restructuring Maturity Limitation Date". 
"Limitation Date" means the first of 20 March, 20 June, 20 September or 20 December in any 
year to occur on or immediately following the date that is one of the following numbers of years 
after the Restructuring Date: 2.5 years (the "2.5-year Limitation Date"), 5 years, 7.5 years, 10 
years (the "10-year Limitation Date"), 12.5 years, 15 years, or 20 years, as applicable. Limitation 
Dates shall not be subject to adjustment in accordance with any Business Day Convention. 
"M(M)R Restructuring" means a Restructuring Credit Event in respect of which either Mod R or 
Mod Mod R is specified as applicable in the Issue Terms. 
"Market Value" means, with respect to the Reference Obligation on a Valuation Date: 
(a) 
if more than three Full Quotations are obtained, the arithmetic mean of such Full 
Quotations, disregarding the Full Quotations having the highest and lowest values (and, if 
more than one such Full Quotations have the same highest value or lowest value, then one 
of such highest or lowest Full Quotations shall be disregarded);

--- Page 269 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
 
- 254 - 
 
 
(b) 
if exactly three Full Quotations are obtained, the Full Quotation remaining after 
disregarding the highest and lowest Full Quotations (and, if more than one such Full 
Quotations have the same highest value or lowest value, then one of such highest or lowest 
Full Quotations shall be disregarded); 
(c) 
if exactly two Full Quotations are obtained, the arithmetic mean of such Full Quotations; 
(d) 
if fewer than two Full Quotations and a Weighted Average Quotation is obtained, such 
Weighted Average Quotation; 
(e) 
if fewer than two Full Quotations are obtained and no Weighted Average Quotation is 
obtained, subject as provided in the definition of Quotation, an amount the Calculation 
Agent shall determine on the next Business Day on which two or more Full Quotations or 
a Weighted Average Quotation is obtained; and 
(f) 
if two or more Full Quotations or a Weighted Average Quotation are not obtained on or 
prior to the tenth Business Day following the applicable Valuation Date the Market Value 
shall be any Full Quotation obtained from a Quotation Dealer at the Valuation Time on 
such tenth Business Day, or if no Full Quotation is obtained, the weighted average of any 
firm quotations for the Reference Obligation obtained from Quotation Dealers at the 
Valuation Time on such tenth Business Day with respect to the aggregate portion of the 
Quotation Amount for which such quotations were obtained and a quotation deemed to be 
zero for the balance of the Quotation Amount for which firm quotations were not obtained 
on such day. 
"Merger Event" means that at any time during the period from (and including) the Trade Date to 
(but excluding) the Scheduled Maturity Date either (A) the Issuer or a Reference Entity (any such 
entity, the "Mergor") consolidates or amalgamates with, or merges into, or transfers all or 
substantially all of its assets to (i) where the Mergor is the Issuer, a Reference Entity or (ii) where 
the Mergor is a Reference Entity, the Issuer, or (B) (i) either of the Issuer and (ii) a Reference 
Entity become Affiliates. 
"Minimum Quotation Amount" means the amount specified as such in the Issue Terms (or its 
equivalent in the relevant Obligation Currency) or, if no amount is so specified, the lower of (a) 
US$1,000,000 (or its equivalent in the relevant Obligation Currency) and (b) the Quotation 
Amount. 
"Modified Eligible Transferee" means any bank, financial institution or other entity which is 
regularly engaged in or established for the purpose of making, purchasing or investing in loans, 
securities and other financial assets. 
"Modified Restructuring Maturity Limitation Date" means, with respect to a Deliverable 
Obligation, the Limitation Date occurring on or immediately following the Scheduled Maturity 
Date. 
Subject to the foregoing, if the Scheduled Maturity Date is later than the 10 year Limitation Date, 
the Modified Restructuring Maturity Limitation Date will be the Scheduled Maturity Date. 
In connection with the above, the final maturity date shall be determined on the basis of the terms 
of the Deliverable Obligation in effect at the time of making such determination and, in the case of 
a Deliverable Obligation that is due and payable, the final maturity date shall be deemed to be the 
date on which such determination is made. 
"Movement Option" means, with respect to an M(M)R Restructuring for which a No Auction 
Announcement Date has occurred pursuant to paragraph (b) or (c)(ii) of the definition of No 
Auction Announcement Date, the option of the Issuer to apply to the Credit Linked Notes, for 
purposes of settlement, the Parallel Auction Settlement Terms, if any, for purposes of which the 
Permissible Deliverable Obligations are more limited than the Deliverable Obligations that could 
apply in respect of the Reference Transaction (provided that if more than one such set of Parallel 
Auction Settlement Terms are published, the Parallel Auction Settlement Terms specifying the 
greatest number of such Permissible Deliverable Obligations shall apply). If no Notice to Exercise 
Movement Option is delivered by the Issuer on or prior to the Movement Option Cut-off Date, the

--- Page 270 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
 
- 255 - 
 
 
Credit Linked Notes will be settled in accordance with the Fallback Settlement Method. If a Notice 
to Exercise Movement Option is delivered by the Issuer on or prior to the Movement Option Cut-
off Date, such event will be notified to Noteholders in accordance with General Condition 12. 
"Movement Option Cut-off Date" means the date that is one Relevant City Business Day 
following the Exercise Cut-off Date, or such other date as the relevant Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee has Resolved. 
"Next Currency Fixing Time" means 4:00 p.m. (London time) on London Business Days 
immediately following the date on which the Notice of Physical Settlement or relevant Physical 
Settlement Amendment Notice or relevant Partial Cash Settlement Notice, as applicable, is 
effective. For the purposes of determining the Next Currency Fixing Time, "London Business 
Day" means a day on which banks and foreign exchange markets are generally open to settle 
payments in London. 
"No Auction Announcement Date" means, with respect to a Credit Event, the date on which the 
DC Secretary first publicly announces that: 
(a) 
no Transaction Auction Settlement Terms and, if applicable, no Parallel Auction 
Settlement Terms will be published; 
(b) 
following the occurrence of an M(M)R Restructuring no Transaction Auction Settlement 
Terms will be published, but Parallel Auction Settlement Terms will be published; or 
(c) 
the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has Resolved that no Auction 
will be held following a prior public announcement by the DC Secretary to the contrary, 
in circumstances where either: 
(i) 
no Parallel Auction will be held; or 
(ii) 
one or more Parallel Auctions will be held. 
"Non-Conforming Reference Obligation" means a Reference Obligation which is not a 
Conforming Reference Obligation. 
"Non-Conforming Substitute Reference Obligation" means an obligation which would be a 
Deliverable Obligation determined in accordance with paragraph (a) of the definition of 
Deliverable Obligation above on the Substitution Date but for one or more of the same reasons 
which resulted in the Reference Obligation constituting a Non-Conforming Reference Obligation 
on the date it was issued or incurred and/or immediately prior to the Substitution Event Date (as 
applicable). 
"Non-Financial Instrument" means any Asset which is not of the type typically traded in, or 
suitable for being traded in, financial markets. 
"Non-Standard Credit Event Determination Date" means with respect to a Credit Event: 
(a) 
subject to paragraph (b) of this definition, the Notice Delivery Date, if the Notice Delivery 
Date occurs during either the Notice Delivery Period or the Post Dismissal Additional 
Period, provided that neither (i) a DC Credit Event Announcement has occurred nor (ii) 
a DC No Credit Event Announcement has occurred, in each case, with respect to the Credit 
Event specified in the Credit Event Notice; or 
(b) 
notwithstanding paragraph (a) of this definition, if a DC Credit Event Announcement has 
occurred and the Credit Event Resolution Request Date has occurred on or prior to the last 
day of the Notice Delivery Period (including prior to the Trade Date) either: 
(i) 
the Credit Event Resolution Request Date, if either: 
(A) 
 
(1) 
"Auction Settlement" is not the applicable Settlement Method;

--- Page 271 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
 
- 256 - 
 
 
(2) 
the relevant Credit Event is not an M(M)R Restructuring; and 
(3) 
the Trade Date occurs on or prior to the date of the DC Credit 
Event Announcement; or 
(B) 
 
(1) 
the relevant Credit Event is an M(M)R Restructuring; and 
(2) 
a Credit Event Notice is delivered and is effective on or prior to 
the Non-Standard Exercise Cut-off Date, or 
(ii) 
the first date on which a Credit Event Notice is delivered and is effective during 
either the Notice Delivery Period or the period from and including the date of the 
DC Credit Event Announcement to and including the date that is fourteen 
calendar days thereafter (provided, in each case, that the relevant Credit Event 
Resolution Request Date occurred on or prior to the end of the last day of the 
Notice Delivery Period (including prior to the Trade Date)), if either: 
(A) 
 
(1) 
"Auction Settlement" is not the applicable Settlement Method; 
(2) 
the relevant Credit Event is not an M(M)R Restructuring; and 
(3) 
the Trade Date occurs following the date of the related DC 
Credit Event Announcement and on or prior to a DC 
Announcement Coverage Cut-off Date; or 
(B) 
the Calculation Agent determines this is otherwise consistent with the 
Issuer's Hedging Arrangements, 
provided that no Credit Event Notice specifying an M(M)R Restructuring as the only 
Credit Event has previously been delivered unless the M(M)R Restructuring specified in 
such Credit Event Notice is also the subject of the DC Credit Event Question resulting in 
the occurrence of the Credit Event Resolution Request Date or the Calculation Agent 
determines this is otherwise consistent with the Issuer's Hedging Arrangements. 
"Non-Standard Exercise Cut-off Date" means, with respect to a Credit Event to which paragraph 
(a) of the definition of Credit Event Determination Date does not apply: 
(a) 
if such Credit Event is not an M(M)R Restructuring, either: 
(i) 
the Relevant City Business Day prior to the Auction Final Price Determination 
Date, if any; 
(ii) 
the Relevant City Business Day prior to the Auction Cancellation Date, if any; or 
(iii) 
the date that is fourteen calendar days following the No Auction Announcement 
Date, if any, as applicable; or 
(b) 
if such Credit Event is an M(M)R Restructuring and: 
(i) 
the DC Secretary publishes a Final List applicable to the Transaction Auction 
Settlement Terms and/or Parallel Auction Settlement Terms, the date that is five 
Relevant City Business Days following the date on which such Final List is 
published; or 
(ii) 
otherwise, the date that is fourteen calendar days following the relevant No 
Auction Announcement Date.

--- Page 272 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
 
- 257 - 
 
 
"Non-Standard Reference Obligation" means, in respect of the Reference Entity, the Original 
Non-Standard Reference Obligation or if a Substitute Reference Obligation has been determined, 
the Substitute Reference Obligation. 
"Non-Transferable Instrument" means any Asset which is not capable of being transferred to 
institutional investors, excluding due to market conditions. 
"Notice Delivery Date" means the first date on which both an effective Credit Event Notice and, 
unless "Notice of Publicly Available Information" is specified as not applicable in the Issue Terms, 
an effective Notice of Publicly Available Information, have been delivered by the Calculation 
Agent. 
"Notice Delivery Period" means the period from and including the Trade Date to and including 
the date that is fourteen (14) calendar days after the Extension Date. 
"Notice of Physical Settlement" has the meaning given to that term in Credit Linked Condition 4. 
"Notice of Publicly Available Information" means a notice from the Calculation Agent to the 
Issuer (which the Calculation Agent has the right but not the obligation to deliver) that cites 
Publicly Available Information confirming the occurrence of the Credit Event or Potential 
Repudiation/Moratorium, 
as 
applicable, 
described 
in 
the 
Credit 
Event 
Notice 
or 
Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice. The notice given must contain a copy or description in 
reasonable detail, of the relevant Publicly Available Information. If "Notice of Publicly Available 
Information" is specified as applicable in the Issue Terms and a Credit Event Notice or 
Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice, as applicable, contains Publicly Available 
Information, such Credit Event Notice or Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice will also be 
deemed to be a Notice of Publicly Available Information. A Notice of Publicly Available 
Information shall be subject to the requirements regarding notices in Credit Linked Condition 17. 
"Notice to Exercise Movement Option" means, with respect to Notes for which (a) M(M)R 
Restructuring is applicable and (b) the Fallback Settlement Method would otherwise be applicable 
pursuant to the Auction Settlement provisions, a notice from the Issuer to the Calculation Agent 
that (i) specifies the Parallel Auction Settlement Terms applicable in accordance with the definition 
of Movement Option and (ii) is effective on or prior to the Movement Option Cut-off Date. 
"Nth-to-Default Credit Linked Notes" means Credit Linked Notes indicated as such in the Issue 
Terms where the Issuer purchases credit protection from the Noteholders in respect of two or more 
Reference Entities, as specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Obligation" means: 
(a) 
any obligation of the Reference Entity (either directly or as a provider of a Relevant 
Guarantee) determined pursuant to the method described in "Method for Determining 
Obligations" below); and 
(b) 
the Reference Obligation, 
in each case unless it is an Excluded Obligation. 
"Method for Determining Obligations". For the purposes of paragraph (a) of this definition of 
"Obligation", the term "Obligation" may be defined as the obligation of each Reference Entity 
described by the Obligation Category specified in the Issue Terms, and having each of the 
Obligation Characteristics (if any) specified in the Issue Terms, in each case, immediately prior to 
the Credit Event which is the subject of either the Credit Event Notice or the DC Credit Event 
Question resulting in the occurrence of the Credit Event Resolution Request Date, as applicable. 
The following terms shall have the following meanings:

--- Page 273 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
 
- 258 - 
 
 
(i) 
"Obligation Category" means Payment, Borrowed Money, Reference Obligations Only, 
Bond, Loan, or Bond or Loan, only one of which shall be specified in the Issue Terms, 
where: 
(a) 
"Payment" means any obligation (whether present or future, contingent or 
otherwise) for the payment or repayment of money, including, without limitation, 
Borrowed Money; 
(b) 
"Borrowed Money" means any obligation (excluding an obligation under a 
revolving credit arrangement for which there are no outstanding unpaid drawings 
in respect of principal) for the payment or repayment of borrowed money (which 
term shall include, without limitation, deposits and reimbursement obligations 
arising from drawings pursuant to letters of credit); 
(c) 
"Reference Obligations Only" means any obligation that is a Reference 
Obligation and no Obligation Characteristics shall be applicable to Reference 
Obligations Only; 
(d) 
"Bond" means any obligation of a type included in the "Borrowed Money" 
Obligation Category that is in the form of, or represented by, a bond, note (other 
than notes delivered pursuant to Loans), certificated debt security or other debt 
security and shall not include any other type of Borrowed Money; 
(e) 
"Loan" means any obligation of a type included in the "Borrowed Money" 
Obligation Category that is documented by a term loan agreement, revolving loan 
agreement or other similar credit agreement and shall not include any other type 
of Borrowed Money; and 
(f) 
"Bond or Loan" means any obligation that is either a Bond or a Loan. 
(ii) 
"Obligation Characteristics" means any one or more of Not Subordinated, Specified 
Currency, Not Sovereign Lender, Not Domestic Currency, Not Domestic Law, Listed and 
Not Domestic Issuance specified in the Issue Terms, where: 
(a) 
"Not Subordinated" means an obligation that is not Subordinated to (1) the 
Reference Obligation or, (2) the Prior Reference Obligation, if applicable; 
(b) 
"Subordination" means, with respect to an obligation (the "Second Obligation") 
and another obligation of the Reference Entity to which such obligation is being 
compared (the "First Obligation"), a contractual, trust or other similar 
arrangement providing that (I) upon the liquidation, dissolution, reorganisation or 
winding-up of the Reference Entity, claims of the holders of the First Obligation 
are required to be satisfied prior to the claims of the holders of the Second 
Obligation or (II) the holders of the Second Obligation will not be entitled to 
receive or retain principal payments in respect of their claims against the 
Reference Entity at any time that the Reference Entity is in payment arrears or is 
otherwise in default under the First Obligation. "Subordinated" will be construed 
accordingly. For purposes of determining whether Subordination exists or 
whether an obligation is Subordinated with respect to another obligation to which 
it is being compared, (x) the existence of preferred creditors arising by operation 
of law or of collateral, credit support or other credit enhancement or security 
arrangements shall not be taken into account, except that, notwithstanding the 
foregoing, priorities arising by operation of law shall be taken into account where 
the Reference Entity is a Sovereign and (y) in the case of the Reference Obligation 
or the Prior Reference Obligation, as applicable, the ranking in priority of 
payment shall be determined as of the date as of which it was issued or incurred 
(or in circumstances where the Reference Obligation or a Prior Reference 
Obligation is the Standard Reference Obligation and "Standard Reference 
Obligation" is applicable, then the priority of payment of the Reference 
Obligation or the Prior Reference Obligation, as applicable, shall be determined

--- Page 274 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
 
- 259 - 
 
 
as of the date of selection) and, in each case, shall not reflect any change to such 
ranking in priority of payment after such date; and 
(c) 
"Prior Reference Obligation" means, in circumstances where there is no 
Reference Obligation applicable to the relevant Notes, (I) the Reference 
Obligation most recently applicable thereto, if any, and otherwise, (II) the 
obligation specified in the Issue Terms as the Reference Obligation, if any, if such 
Reference Obligation was redeemed on or prior to the Trade Date and otherwise, 
(III) any unsubordinated Borrowed Money obligation of the Reference Entity; 
(d) 
"Specified Currency" means an obligation that is payable in the currency or 
currencies specified as such in the Issue Terms (or, if Specified Currency is 
specified in the Issue Terms and no currency is so specified, any Standard 
Specified Currency) provided that if the euro is a Specified Currency, "Specified 
Currency" shall also include an obligation that was previously payable in the euro, 
regardless of any redenomination thereafter if such redenomination occurred as a 
result of action taken by a Governmental Authority of a Member State of the 
European Union which is of general application in the jurisdiction of such 
Governmental Authority; 
(e) 
"Not Sovereign Lender" means any obligation that is not primarily owed to (A) 
a Sovereign or (B) any entity or organization established by treaty or other 
arrangement between two or more Sovereigns including, without limiting the 
foregoing, the International Monetary Fund, European Central Bank, 
International Bank for Reconstruction and Development and European Bank for 
Reconstruction and Development, which shall include, without limitation, 
obligations generally referred to as "Paris Club debt"; 
(f) 
"Not Domestic Currency" means any obligation that is payable in any currency 
other than applicable Domestic Currency provided that a Standard Specified 
Currency shall not constitute the Domestic Currency; 
(g) 
"Not Domestic Law" means any obligation that is not governed by applicable 
Domestic Law, provided that the laws of England and the laws of the State of 
New York shall not constitute a Domestic Law; 
(h) 
"Listed" means an obligation that is quoted, listed or ordinarily purchased and 
sold on an exchange; and 
(i) 
"Not Domestic Issuance" means any obligation other than an obligation that was 
issued (or reissued, as the case may be) or intended to be offered for sale primarily 
in the domestic market of the Reference Entity. Any obligation that is registered 
or, as a result of some other action having been taken for such purpose, is qualified 
for sale outside the domestic market of the Reference Entity (regardless of 
whether such obligation is also registered or qualified for sale within the domestic 
market of the Reference Entity) shall be deemed not to be issued (or reissued, as 
the case may be), or intended to be offered for sale primarily in the domestic 
market of the Reference Entity. 
"Obligation Acceleration" means one or more Obligations in an aggregate amount of not less than 
the Default Requirement have become due and payable before they would otherwise have been 
due and payable as a result of, or on the basis of, the occurrence of a default, event or default or 
other similar condition or event (however described), other than a failure to make any required 
payment, in respect of the Reference Entity under one or more Obligations. 
"Obligation Currency" means the currency or currencies in which the Obligation is denominated. 
"Obligation Default" means one or more Obligations in an aggregate amount of not less than the 
Default Requirement have become capable of being declared due and payable before they would 
otherwise have been due and payable as a result of, or on the basis of, the occurrence of a default,

--- Page 275 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
 
- 260 - 
 
 
event of default, or other similar condition or event (however described), other than a failure to 
make any required payment, in respect of the Reference Entity under one or more Obligations. 
"Original Non-Standard Reference Obligation" means the obligation of the Reference Entity 
(either directly or as provider of a guarantee) which is specified as the Reference Obligation in 
respect of such Reference Entity in the Issue Terms (if any is so specified) provided that if an 
obligation is not an obligation of the Reference Entity, such obligation will not constitute a valid 
Original Non-Standard Reference Obligation for purposes of the relevant Notes (other than for the 
purposes of determining the Seniority Level and for the "Not Subordinated" Obligation 
Characteristic or "Not Subordinated" Deliverable Obligation Characteristic) unless the relevant 
Notes are Reference Obligation Only Notes. 
"Outstanding Amount" has the meaning given to that term in Credit Linked Condition 4. 
"Outstanding Principal Balance" means the outstanding principal balance of an obligation which 
will be calculated as follows: 
(a) 
first, by determining, in respect of the obligation, the amount of the Reference Entity's 
principal payment obligations and, where applicable in accordance with the definition of 
Accrued Interest above, the Reference Entity's accrued but unpaid interest payment 
obligations (which, in the case of a Guarantee will be the lower of (i) the Outstanding 
Principal Balance (including accrued but unpaid interest, where applicable) of the 
Underlying Obligation (determined as if references to the Reference Entity were 
references to the Underlying Obligor) and (ii) the amount of the Fixed Cap, if any); 
(b) 
second, by subtracting all or any portion of such amount which, pursuant to the terms of 
the obligation, (i) is subject to any Prohibited Action, or (ii) may otherwise be reduced as 
a result of the effluxion of time or the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event or 
circumstance (other than by way of (A) payment or (B) a Permitted Contingency) (the 
amount determined in accordance with paragraph (a) above less any amounts subtracted 
in accordance with this paragraph (b), the "Non-Contingent Amount"); and 
(c) 
third, by determining the Quantum of the Claim, which shall then constitute the 
Outstanding Principal Balance, 
in each case, determined: 
(i) 
unless otherwise specified, in accordance with the terms of the obligation in effect 
on either (A) the relevant PSN Effective Date (or if the terms of the obligation are 
amended after such date but on or prior to the Delivery Date, the Delivery Date), 
or (B) the relevant Valuation Date; and 
(ii) 
with respect to the Quantum of the Claim only, in accordance with any applicable 
laws (insofar as such laws reduce or discount the size of the claim to reflect the 
original issue price or accrued value of the obligation). 
"Package Observable Bond" means, in respect of a Reference Entity which is a Sovereign, any 
obligation (a) which is identified as such and published by ISDA on its website at www.isda.org 
from time to time (or any successor website thereto) or by a third party designated by ISDA on its 
website from time to time and (b) which fell within paragraphs (a) or (b) of the definition of 
Deliverable Obligation (above), in each case, immediately preceding the date on which the relevant 
Asset Package Credit Event was legally effective. 
"Parallel Auction" means "Auction" as such term shall be defined in the relevant Parallel Auction 
Settlement Terms. 
"Parallel Auction Cancellation Date" means "Auction Cancellation Date" as such term shall be 
defined in the relevant Parallel Auction Settlement Terms. 
"Parallel Auction Settlement Terms" means, following the occurrence of an M(M)R 
Restructuring, any Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms published by ISDA with respect 
to such M(M)R Restructuring, and for which (i) the Deliverable Obligation Terms are the same as

--- Page 276 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
 
- 261 - 
 
 
the Reference Transaction and (ii) the Reference Transaction would not be an Auction Covered 
Transaction provided that if no such Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms are published, 
the Calculation Agent may select in its sole discretion the applicable Credit Derivatives Auction 
Settlement Terms. 
"Parallel Notice of Physical Settlement Date" means "Notice of Physical Settlement Date" as 
defined in the relevant Parallel Auction Settlement Terms. 
"Payment Requirement" means the amount specified as such in the Issue Terms or its equivalent 
in the relevant Obligation Currency or, if no such amount is specified in the Issue Terms, 
US$1,000,000, or its equivalent as calculated by the Calculation Agent in the relevant Obligation 
Currency, in either case, as of the occurrence of the relevant Failure to Pay or Potential Failure to 
Pay, as applicable. 
"Permissible Deliverable Obligations" has the meaning set forth in the relevant Credit 
Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms, being either all or the portion of the Deliverable 
Obligations included in the Final List pursuant to the Deliverable Obligation Terms applicable to 
the relevant Auction. 
"Permitted Contingency" means, with respect to an obligation, any reduction to the Reference 
Entity's payment obligations: 
(a) 
as a result of the application of: 
(i) 
any provisions allowing a transfer, pursuant to which another party may assume 
all of the payment obligations of the Reference Entity; 
(ii) 
provisions implementing the Subordination of the obligation; 
(iii) 
provisions allowing for a Permitted Transfer in the case of a Qualifying Guarantee 
(or provisions allowing for the release of the Reference Entity from its payment 
obligations in the case of any other Guarantee); 
(iv) 
if "Subordinated European Insurance Terms" are specified as applicable in the 
Issue Terms, any Solvency Capital Provisions; or 
(v) 
if "Financial Reference Entity Terms" are specified as applicable in the Issue 
Terms, provisions which permit the Reference Entity's obligations to be altered, 
discharged, released or suspended in circumstances which would constitute a 
Governmental Intervention; or 
(b) 
which is within the control of the holders of the obligation or a third party acting on their 
behalf (such as an agent or trustee) in exercising their rights under or in respect of such 
obligation. 
"Permitted Transfer" means, with respect to a Qualifying Guarantee, a transfer to and the 
assumption by any single transferee of such Qualifying Guarantee (including by way of 
cancellation and execution of a new guarantee) on the same or substantially the same terms, in 
circumstances where there is also a transfer of all (or substantially all) of the assets of the Reference 
Entity to the same single transferee. 
"Physical Settlement Amendment Notice" has the meaning given to that term in Credit Linked 
Condition 4. 
"Physical Settlement Period" means, subject to Credit Linked Condition 11, the number of 
Business Days specified as such in the Issue Terms or, if a number of Business Days is not so 
specified, then, with respect to a Deliverable Obligation comprising the Entitlement, the longest 
number of Business Days for settlement in accordance with then current market practice of such 
Deliverable Obligation, as determined by the Calculation Agent provided that if the Issuer has 
notified the Holders in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 4 that it will Deliver an Asset 
Package in lieu of a Prior Deliverable Obligation or a Package Observable Bond, the Physical 
Settlement Period shall be 35 Business Days.

--- Page 277 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
 
- 262 - 
 
 
"Post Dismissal Additional Period" means the period from and including the date of the DC 
Credit Event Question Dismissal to and including the date that is fourteen calendar days thereafter 
(provided that the relevant Credit Event Resolution Request Date occurred on or prior to the end 
of the last day of the Notice Delivery Period (including prior to the Trade Date)). 
"Potential Credit Event" means a Potential Failure to Pay (if Failure to Pay is an applicable Credit 
Event in respect of the Reference Entity), a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium (if 
Repudiation/Moratorium is an applicable Credit Event in respect of the Reference Entity) or if a 
Credit Event Resolution Request Date has occurred and the relevant Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee has not made its determination, such event will be deemed to be a 
Potential Credit Event. A Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee and the Calculation Agent 
may each determine whether a Potential Failure to Pay or a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium has 
occurred. 
"Potential Failure to Pay" means the failure by the Reference Entity to make, when and where 
due, any payments in an aggregate amount of not less than the Payment Requirement under one or 
more Obligations, in accordance with the terms of such Obligations at the time of such failure, 
without regard to any grace period or any conditions precedent to the commencement of any grace 
period applicable to such Obligations. 
"Potential Repudiation/Moratorium" means the occurrence of an event described in paragraph 
(a) of the definition of Repudiation/Moratorium. 
"Prior Deliverable Obligation" means: 
(a) 
if a Governmental Intervention has occurred (whether or not such event is specified as the 
applicable Credit Event in the Credit Event Notice or the DC Credit Event Announcement), 
any obligation of the Reference Entity which (i) existed immediately prior to such 
Governmental Intervention, (ii) was the subject of such Governmental Intervention and 
(iii) fell within paragraphs (a) or (b) of the definition of Deliverable Obligation above, in 
each case, immediately preceding the date on which such Governmental Intervention was 
legally effective; or 
(b) 
if a Restructuring which does not constitute a Governmental Intervention has occurred in 
respect of the Reference Obligation (whether or not such event is specified as the 
applicable Credit Event in the Credit Event Notice or the DC Credit Event Announcement), 
such Reference Obligation, if any. 
"Prohibited Action" means any counterclaim, defence (other than a counterclaim or defence based 
on the factors set forth in (a) to (d) of the definition of Credit Event above) or right of set-off by or 
of the Reference Entity or any applicable Underlying Obligor. 
"Private-side Loan" means a Loan in respect of which the documentation governing its terms is 
not publicly available or capable of being made public without violating a law, agreement, 
understanding or other restriction regarding the confidentiality of such information. 
"PSN Cut-off Date" means subject, where applicable, to Credit Linked Condition 13: 
(a) 
subject to paragraph (b) below, the later of: 
(i) 
the thirtieth calendar day after the Credit Event Determination Date; and 
(ii) 
the tenth calendar day after either the date of the relevant DC Credit Event 
Announcement or of the relevant DC Credit Event Question Dismissal, if any (or, 
if the relevant Credit Event is an M(M)R Restructuring, the tenth calendar day 
after the Non-Standard Exercise Cut-off Date); or

--- Page 278 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
 
- 263 - 
 
 
(b) 
if, in accordance with the terms of Credit Linked Condition 2 above, Credit Linked 
Condition 4 applies as a result of the occurrence of (a) an Auction Cancellation Date or 
(b) a No Auction Announcement Date and: 
(i) 
the relevant Credit Event is not an M(M)R Restructuring, the later of: 
(A) 
the date determined pursuant to paragraph (a)(i) above; and 
(B) 
the thirtieth calendar day after the Auction Cancellation Date or the No 
Auction Announcement Date, occurring pursuant to paragraphs (a) or 
(c)(i) of the definition of No Auction Announcement Date above, as 
applicable; or 
(ii) 
the relevant Credit Event is an M(M)R Restructuring either: 
(A) 
the later of: 
I. 
the date determined pursuant to paragraph (a)(i) above; and 
II. 
the thirtieth calendar day after: 
(x) 
a No Auction Announcement Date occurring pursuant 
to paragraph (a) of the definition of No Auction 
Announcement Date above, if any; 
(y) 
a No Auction Announcement Date occurring pursuant 
to paragraph (c)(i) of the definition of No Auction 
Announcement Date above, if any; or 
(z) 
the Auction Cancellation Date, if any, as applicable; or 
(B) 
the later of the Parallel Notice of Physical Settlement Date (or, if more 
than one Parallel Notice of Physical Settlement Date should occur, the 
last Parallel Notice of Physical Settlement Date), and the Relevant City 
Business Day immediately following the Parallel Auction Cancellation 
Date, if any (or, if more than one should occur, the last Parallel Auction 
Cancellation Date), as applicable, in circumstances where either: 
I. 
a No Auction Announcement Date occurs pursuant to paragraph 
(a) of the definition of No Auction Announcement Date above 
and the Issuer has not exercised the Movement Option; or 
II. 
a No Auction Announcement Date occurs pursuant to paragraph 
(c)(ii) of the definition of No Auction Announcement Date 
above and the Issuer has not exercised the Movement Option, 
provided that in the case of paragraphs (a)(ii) and (b) above, the relevant Credit Event 
Resolution Request Date, if any, occurred on or prior to the date described in paragraph 
(a)(i) above. 
"PSN Effective Date" means the date on which an effective Calculation Agent Physical Settlement 
Notice or Calculation Agent Physical Settlement Amendment Notice, as the case may be, is 
delivered to the Issuer. 
"Public Source" means each source of Publicly Available Information specified as such in the 
Issue Terms (or if no such source is specified in the Issue Terms, each of Bloomberg, Reuters, Dow 
Jones Newswires, The Wall Street Journal, The New York Times, Nihon Keizai Shimbun, Asahi 
Shimbun, Yomiuri Shimbun, Financial Times, La Tribune, Les Echos, The Australian Financial 
Review and Debtwire (and successor publications), the main source(s) of business news in the 
country in which the Reference Entity is organised and any other internationally recognised 
published or electronically displayed news sources).

--- Page 279 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
 
- 264 - 
 
 
"Publicly Available Information" means information that reasonably confirms any of the facts 
relevant to the determination that the Credit Event or a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium, as 
applicable, described in a Credit Event Notice or Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice have 
occurred and which: 
(a) 
has been published in or on not less than the Specified Number of Public Sources 
(regardless of whether the reader or user thereof pays a fee to obtain such information); 
(b) 
is information received from or published by (i) the Reference Entity (or, if the Reference 
Entity is a Sovereign, any agency, instrumentality, ministry, department or other authority 
thereof acting in a governmental capacity (including, without limiting the foregoing, the 
central bank) of such Sovereign) or (ii) a trustee, fiscal agent, administrative agent, 
clearing agent, paying agent, facility agent or agent bank for an Obligation; or 
(c) 
is information contained in any order, decree, notice, petition or filing, however described, 
of or filed with a court, tribunal, exchange, regulatory authority or similar administrative, 
regulatory or judicial body; 
provided that where any information of the type described in paragraphs (b) or (c) above is not 
publicly available, it can only constitute Publicly Available Information if it can be made public 
without violating any law, agreement, understanding or other restriction regarding the 
confidentiality of such information. 
In relation to any information of the type described in paragraphs (b) or (c) above, the Calculation 
Agent may assume that such information has been disclosed to it without violating any law, 
agreement, understanding or other restriction regarding the confidentiality of such information and 
that the entity disclosing such information has not taken any action or entered into any agreement 
or understanding with the Reference Entity or any Affiliate of the Reference Entity that would be 
breached by, or would prevent, the disclosure of such information to the party receiving such 
information. 
(a) 
Without limitation, Publicly Available Information need not state: 
(i) 
in relation to the definition of "Downstream Affiliate", the percentage of Voting 
Shares owned by the Reference Entity; and 
(ii) 
that the relevant occurrence: 
(A) 
has met the Payment Requirement or Default Requirement; 
(B) 
is the result of exceeding any applicable Grace Period; or 
(C) 
has met the subjective criteria specified in certain Credit Events. 
In relation to a Repudiation/Moratorium Credit Event, Publicly Available Information 
must relate to the events described in paragraphs (a) and (b) of the definition of 
Repudiation/Moratorium below. 
"Qualifying Affiliate Guarantee" means a Qualifying Guarantee provided by the Reference 
Entity in respect of an Underlying Obligation of a Downstream Affiliate of the Reference Entity. 
"Qualifying Guarantee" means a guarantee evidenced by a written instrument (which may include 
a statute or regulation), pursuant to which the Reference Entity irrevocably agrees, undertakes or 
is otherwise obliged to pay all amounts of principal and interest (except for amounts which are not 
covered due to the existence of a Fixed Cap) due under an Underlying Obligation for which the 
Underlying Obligor is the obligor, by guarantee of payment and not by guarantee of collection (or, 
in either case, any legal arrangement which is equivalent thereto in form under the relevant 
governing law).

--- Page 280 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
 
- 265 - 
 
 
A Qualifying Guarantee shall not include any guarantee: 
(a) 
which is structured as a surety bond, financial guarantee insurance policy or letter of credit 
(or any legal arrangement which is equivalent thereto in form); or 
(b) 
pursuant to the terms applicable thereto, the principal payment obligations of the 
Reference Entity can be discharged, released, reduced, assigned or otherwise altered as a 
result of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event or circumstance, in each case, other 
than: 
(i) 
by payment; 
(ii) 
by way of Permitted Transfer; 
(iii) 
by operation of law; 
(iv) 
due to the existence of a Fixed Cap; or 
(v) 
due to: 
(A) 
provisions permitting or anticipating a Governmental Intervention, if 
"Financial Reference Entity Terms" is specified as applicable in the Issue 
Terms; or 
(B) 
any Solvency Capital Provisions, if "Subordinated European Insurance 
Terms" is specified as applicable in the Issue Terms. 
If the guarantee or Underlying Obligation contains provisions relating to the 
discharge, release, reduction, assignment or other alteration of the principal 
payment obligations of the Reference Entity and such provisions have ceased to 
apply or are suspended at the time of the relevant determination, in accordance 
with the terms of such guarantee or Underlying Obligation, due to or following 
the occurrence of (I) a non-payment in respect of the guarantee or the Underlying 
Obligation, or (II) an event of the type described in the definition of Bankruptcy 
above in respect of the Reference Entity or the Underlying Obligor, then it shall 
be deemed for these purposes that such cessation or suspension is permanent, 
notwithstanding the terms of the guarantee or Underlying Obligation. 
In order for a guarantee to constitute a Qualifying Guarantee: 
I. 
the benefit of such guarantee must be capable of being Delivered together 
with the Delivery of the Underlying Obligation; and 
II. 
if a guarantee contains a Fixed Cap, all claims to any amounts which are 
subject to such Fixed Cap must be capable of being Delivered together 
with the Delivery of such guarantee. 
"Qualifying Participation Seller" means any participation seller that meets the requirements 
specified in the Issue Terms. If no such requirements are specified, there shall be no Qualifying 
Participation Seller. 
"Quantum of the Claim" means the lowest amount of the claim which could be validly asserted 
against the Reference Entity in respect of the Non-Contingent Amount if the obligation had become 
redeemable, been accelerated, terminated or had otherwise become due and payable at the time of 
the relevant determination, provided that the Quantum of the Claim cannot exceed the Non-
Contingent Amount. 
"Quotation" means each Full Quotation and the Weighted Average Quotation obtained and 
expressed as a percentage with respect to a Valuation Date in the manner that follows: 
The Calculation Agent shall attempt to obtain Full Quotations with respect to each Valuation Date 
from five or more Quotation Dealers. If the Calculation Agent is unable to obtain two or more such

--- Page 281 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
 
- 266 - 
 
 
Full Quotations on the same Business Day within three Business Days of a Valuation Date, then 
on the next following Business Day (and, if necessary, on each Business Day thereafter until the 
tenth Business Day following the relevant Valuation Date) the Calculation Agent shall attempt to 
obtain Full Quotations from five or more Quotation Dealers and, if two or more Full Quotations 
are not available, a Weighted Average Quotation. If the Calculation Agent is unable to obtain two 
or more Full Quotations or a Weighted Average Quotation on the same Business Day on or prior 
to the tenth Business Day following the applicable Valuation Date the Quotations shall be deemed 
to be any Full Quotation obtained from a Quotation Dealer at the Valuation Time on such tenth 
Business Day, or if no Full Quotation is obtained, the weighted average of any firm quotations for 
the Reference Obligation obtained from Quotation Dealers at the Valuation Time on such tenth 
Business Day with respect to the aggregate portion of the Quotation Amount for which such 
quotations were obtained and a quotation deemed to be zero for the balance of the Quotation 
Amount for which firm quotations were not obtained on such day. 
"Quotation Amount" means the amount specified as such in the Issue Terms (which may be 
specified by reference to an amount in a currency or by reference to a Representative Amount) or, 
if no amount is specified in the Issue Terms, the Reference Entity Nominal Amount (or, in either 
case, its equivalent in the relevant Obligation Currency converted by the Calculation Agent by 
reference to exchange rates in effect at the time that the relevant Quotation is being obtained). 
"Quotation Dealer" means a dealer in obligations of the type of Obligation(s) for which 
Quotations are to be obtained including each Quotation Dealer specified in the Issue Terms. If no 
Quotation Dealers are specified in the Issue Terms, the Calculation Agent shall select the Quotation 
Dealers. Upon a Quotation Dealer no longer being in existence (with no successors), or not being 
an active dealer in the obligations of the type for which Quotations are to be obtained, the 
Calculation Agent may substitute any other Quotation Dealer(s) for such Quotation Dealer(s). 
"Quotation Method" means the applicable Quotation Method specified in the Issue Terms by 
reference to one of the following terms: 
(a) 
"Bid" means that only bid quotations shall be requested from Quotation Dealers; 
(b) 
"Offer" means that only offer quotations shall be requested from Quotation Dealers; or 
(c) 
"Mid-market" means that bid and offer quotations shall be requested from Quotation 
Dealers and shall be averaged for purposes of determining a relevant Quotation Dealer's 
quotation. 
If a Quotation Method is not specified in the Issue Terms, Bid shall apply. 
"Reference Entity" means the entity specified as such in the Issue Terms. Any Successor to the 
Reference Entity either (a) identified pursuant to the definition of "Successor" on or following the 
Trade Date or (b) identified pursuant to a DC Resolution in respect of a Successor Resolution 
Request Date and publicly announced by the DC Secretary on or following the Trade Date shall, 
in each case, with effect from the Succession Date, be the Reference Entity for the purposes of the 
relevant Series. 
"Reference Entity Notional Amount", in respect of a Reference Entity, means the amount 
specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms (or, if no such amount is so specified, the Aggregate 
Nominal Amount of the Notes as of the Issue Date divided by the number of Reference Entities), 
subject to adjustment as provided in "Successor" and these Credit Linked Conditions. 
"Reference Obligation" means the Standard Reference Obligation, if any, unless: 
(a) 
"Standard Reference Obligation" is specified as not applicable in the Issue Terms, in 
which case the Reference Obligation will be the Non-Standard Reference Obligation, if 
any; or 
(b) 
(i) "Standard Reference Obligation" is specified as applicable in the Issue Terms (or no 
election is specified in the Issue Terms), (ii) there is no Standard Reference Obligation 
and (iii) a Non-Standard Reference Obligation is specified in the Issue Terms, in which 
case the Reference Obligation will be (A) the Non-Standard Reference Obligation to but

--- Page 282 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
 
- 267 - 
 
 
excluding the first date of publication of the Standard Reference Obligation and (B) the 
Standard Reference Obligation from such date onwards, provided that the Standard 
Reference Obligation that is published would have been eligible to be selected as a 
Substitute Reference Obligation. 
If the Standard Reference Obligation is removed from the SRO List, such obligation shall cease to 
be the Reference Obligation and the Calculation Agent will select as a substitute Reference 
Obligation any Deliverable Obligation with the same level of seniority as the relevant Seniority 
Level. In addition, the Calculation Agent (i) may replace the Reference Obligation with any further 
Deliverable Obligation with the same level of seniority as the relevant Seniority Level from time 
to time and (ii) if a new obligation is placed on the SRO List, in respect of the relevant Reference 
Entity, then the Calculation Agent may, but is not obliged to, select the new Standard Reference 
Obligation in respect of the Reference Entity as the Reference Obligation. The provisions of this 
definition may be applied by the Calculation Agent on more than one occasion and are without 
prejudice to the right of the Calculation Agent to determine a Substitute Reference Obligation. 
"Reference Obligation Only Notes" means any Notes in respect of which (a) "Reference 
Obligation Only" is specified as the Obligation Category and the Deliverable Obligation Category 
in the Issue Terms and (b) "Standard Reference Obligation" is specified as not applicable in the 
Issue Terms. 
"Reference Transaction" means a hypothetical credit derivative transaction: 
(a) 
for which the Deliverable Obligation Terms and the Reference Obligation are (i) the same 
as in respect of the Credit Linked Notes (if such Deliverable Obligation Terms and 
Reference Obligation are specified in the Issue Terms) or (ii) if and to the extent the 
Deliverable Obligation Terms and/or the Reference Obligation are not specified, the 
Deliverable Obligation Terms and Reference Obligation determined by the Calculation 
Agent to be appropriate in respect of a credit derivative transaction linked to the relevant 
Reference Entity; 
(b) 
with a scheduled termination date matching the Scheduled Maturity Date of the Credit 
Linked Notes; and 
(c) 
otherwise having such other characteristics as the Calculation Agent may determine 
appropriate by reference to, without limitation, the Issuer's hedging arrangements and/or 
any credit derivative elections made in relation to the Credit Linked Notes. 
"Relevant City Business Day" has the meaning given in the DC Rules. 
"Relevant Guarantee" means a Qualifying Affiliate Guarantee or, if "All Guarantees" is specified 
as applicable in the Issue Terms, a Qualifying Guarantee. 
"Relevant Holder" means a holder of the latest Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package 
Observable Bond, as the case may be, with an Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and Payable 
Amount, as applicable, immediately prior to the relevant Asset Package Credit Event, equal to the 
Outstanding Amount specified in respect of such Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package 
Observable Bond in the Notice of Physical Settlement or Physical Settlement Amendment Notice, 
as applicable. 
"Relevant Obligations" means the Obligations of the Reference Entity which fall within the 
Obligation Category "Bond or Loan" and which are outstanding immediately prior to the 
Succession Date (or, if there is a Steps Plan, immediately prior to the legally effective date of the 
first succession), provided that: 
(a) 
any Bonds or Loans outstanding between the Reference Entity and any of its Affiliates, or 
held by the Reference Entity, shall be excluded; 
(b) 
if there is a Steps Plan, the Calculation Agent shall, for purposes of the determination 
required to be made under paragraph (a) of the definition of Successor below, make the 
appropriate adjustments required to take account of any Obligations of the Reference 
Entity which fall within the Obligation Category "Bond or Loan" that are issued, incurred,

--- Page 283 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
 
- 268 - 
 
 
redeemed, repurchased or cancelled from and including the legally effective date of the 
first succession to and including the Succession Date; 
(c) 
if "Financial Reference Entity Terms" is specified as applicable in the Issue Terms and (i) 
the Reference Obligation or Prior Reference Obligation, as applicable, is a Senior 
Obligation, or (ii) there is no Reference Obligation or Prior Reference Obligation, the 
Relevant Obligations shall only include the Senior Obligations of the Reference Entity 
which fall within the Obligation Category "Bond or Loan"; and 
(d) 
if "Financial Reference Entity Terms" is specified as applicable in the Issue Terms, and 
the Reference Obligation or Prior Reference Obligation, as applicable, is a Subordinated 
Obligation, Relevant Obligations shall exclude Senior Obligations and any Further 
Subordinated Obligations of the Reference Entity which fall within the Obligation 
Category "Bond or Loan", provided that if no such Relevant Obligations exist, "Relevant 
Obligations" shall only include the Senior Obligations of the Reference Entity which fall 
within the Obligation Category "Bond or Loan". 
"Relevant Time" means Greenwich Mean Time (or, if the Transaction Type of the relevant 
Reference Entity is Japan Corporate or Japan Sovereign (as such terms are defined in the 2005 
Matrix Supplement) Tokyo time). 
"Replaced Deliverable Obligation Outstanding Amount" has the meaning given to that term in 
Credit Linked Condition 4. 
"Replacement Deliverable Obligation" has the meaning given to that term in Credit Linked 
Condition 4. 
"Representative Amount" means an amount that is representative for a single transaction in the 
relevant market and at the relevant time, which amount will be determined by the Calculation 
Agent. 
"Repudiation/Moratorium" means the occurrence of both of the following events: 
(a) 
an authorised officer of the Reference Entity or a Governmental Authority: 
(i) 
disaffirms, disclaims, repudiates or rejects, in whole or in part, or challenges the 
validity of, one or more Obligations in an aggregate amount of not less than the 
Default Requirement; or 
(ii) 
declares or imposes a moratorium, standstill, roll-over or deferral, whether de 
facto or de jure, with respect to one or more Obligations in an aggregate amount 
of not less than the Default Requirement; and 
(b) 
a Failure to Pay, determined without regard to the Payment Requirement, or a 
Restructuring, determined without regard to the Default Requirement, with respect to any 
such Obligation occurs on or prior to the Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date. 
"Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date" means, if a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium 
occurs on or prior to the Scheduled Maturity Date (i) if the Obligations to which such Potential 
Repudiation/Moratorium relates include Bonds, the date that is the later of (A) the date that is sixty 
(60) days after the date of such Potential Repudiation/Moratorium and (B) the first payment date 
under any such Bond after the date of such Potential Repudiation/Moratorium (or, if later, the 
expiration date of any applicable Grace Period in respect of such payment date) and (ii) if the 
Obligations to which such Potential Repudiation/Moratorium relates do not include Bonds, the 
date that is sixty (60) days after the date of such Potential Repudiation/Moratorium provided that, 
in either case, the Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date shall occur no later than the Scheduled 
Maturity Date unless the Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Condition is satisfied. 
"Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Condition" will be satisfied: 
(a) 
if the DC Secretary publicly announces, pursuant to a valid request that was delivered and 
effectively received on or prior to the date that is fourteen (14) calendar days after the

--- Page 284 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
 
- 269 - 
 
 
Scheduled Maturity Date that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee 
has Resolved that an event that constitutes a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium has 
occurred with respect to an Obligation of the Reference Entity and that such event 
occurred on or prior to (i) the Scheduled Maturity Date or relevant Interest Payment Date 
(determined by reference to the Relevant Time) or, (ii) if Credit Linked Condition 9(y) 
applies, the Postponed Maturity Date (determined by reference to the Relevant Time); or 
(b) 
otherwise, by the delivery by the Calculation Agent to the Issuer of a 
Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice and, unless "Notice of Publicly Available 
Information" is specified as not applicable in the Issue Terms, a Notice of Publicly 
Available Information that are each effective on or prior to the date that is fourteen (14) 
calendar days after the Scheduled Maturity Date. 
In all cases, the Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Condition will be deemed not to have been 
satisfied, or not capable of being satisfied, if, or to the extent that, the DC Secretary publicly 
announces that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has Resolved that either 
(A) an event does not constitute a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium with respect to an Obligation 
of the Reference Entity, or (B) an event that constitutes a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium has 
occurred with respect to an Obligation of the Reference Entity but that such event occurred after 
the Scheduled Maturity Date (determined by reference to the Relevant Time). 
"Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice" means a notice from the Calculation Agent to the 
Issuer (which the Calculation Agent has the right but not the obligation to deliver) that describes a 
Potential Repudiation/Moratorium that occurred on or prior to the Scheduled Maturity Date. A 
Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice must contain a description in reasonable detail of the 
facts relevant to the determination that a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium has occurred and 
indicate the date of the occurrence. The Potential Repudiation/Moratorium that is the subject of the 
Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice need not be continuing on the date the 
Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice is effective. 
"Resolve" has the meaning set out in the DC Rules, and "Resolved" and "Resolves" shall be 
construed accordingly. 
"Restructured Bond or Loan" means an Obligation which is a Bond or Loan and in respect of 
which the relevant Restructuring has occurred. 
"Restructuring" means, with respect to one or more Obligations and in relation to an aggregate 
amount of not less than the Default Requirement, any one or more of the following events occurs 
in a form that binds all holders of such Obligation, is agreed between the Reference Entity or a 
Governmental Authority and a sufficient number of holders of such Obligation to bind all the 
holders of the Obligation or is announced (or otherwise decreed) by the Reference Entity or a 
Governmental Authority in a form that binds all holders of such Obligation (including, in each 
case, in respect of Bonds only, by way of an exchange), and such event is not expressly provided 
for under the terms of such Obligation in effect as of the later of the Credit Event Backstop Date 
applicable to the relevant Credit Linked Notes and the date as of which such Obligation is issued 
or incurred: 
(a) 
a reduction in the rate or amount of interest payable or the amount of scheduled interest 
accruals (including by way of redenomination); 
(b) 
a reduction in the amount of principal or premium payable at redemption (including by 
way of redenomination); 
(c) 
a postponement or other deferral of a date or dates for either (i) the payment or accrual of 
interest, or (ii) the payment of principal or premium; 
(d) 
a change in the ranking in priority of payment of any Obligation, causing the 
Subordination of such Obligation to any other Obligation; or 
(e) 
any change in the currency of any payment of interest, principal or premium to any 
currency other than the lawful currency of Canada, Japan, Switzerland, the United 
Kingdom and the United States of America and the euro and any successor currency to

--- Page 285 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
 
- 270 - 
 
 
any of the aforementioned currencies (which in the case of the euro, shall mean the 
currency which succeeds to and replaces the euro in whole). 
Notwithstanding the above provisions, none of the following shall constitute a 
Restructuring: 
(i) 
the payment in euro of interest, principal or premium in relation to an Obligation 
denominated in a currency of a Member State of the European Union that adopts 
or has adopted the single currency in accordance with the Treaty establishing the 
European Community, as amended by the Treaty on European Union; 
(ii) 
the redenomination from euros into another currency, if (A) the redenomination 
occurs as a result of action taken by a Governmental Authority of a Member State 
of the European Union which is of general application in the jurisdiction of such 
Governmental Authority and (B) a freely available market rate of conversion 
between euros and such other currency existed at the time of such redenomination 
and there is no reduction in the rate or amount of interest, principal or premium 
payable, as determined by reference to such freely available market rate of 
conversion; 
(iii) 
the occurrence of, agreement to or announcement of any of the events described 
in (a) to (e) above due to an administrative adjustment, accounting adjustment or 
tax adjustment or other technical adjustment occurring in the ordinary course of 
business; and 
(iv) 
the occurrence of, agreement to or announcement of any of the events described 
in (a) to (e) above in circumstances where such event does not directly or 
indirectly result from a deterioration in the creditworthiness or financial condition 
of the Reference Entity, provided that in respect of paragraph (e) above only, no 
such deterioration in the creditworthiness or financial condition of the Reference 
Entity is required where the redenomination is from euros into another currency 
and occurs as a result of action taken by a Governmental Authority of a Member 
State of the European Union which is of general application in the jurisdiction of 
such Governmental Authority. 
For purposes of this definition of Restructuring and Credit Linked Condition 15, the term 
Obligation shall be deemed to include Underlying Obligations for which the Reference 
Entity is acting as provider of a Guarantee. In the case of a Guarantee and an Underlying 
Obligation, references to the Reference Entity in the definition of Restructuring and the 
definition of Subordination shall be deemed to refer to the Underlying Obligor and the 
references to the Reference Entity in paragraphs (i) to (iv) of this definition of 
Restructuring shall continue to be deemed to refer to the Reference Entity. 
If an exchange has occurred, the determination as to whether one of the events described 
under paragraphs (a) to (e) above has occurred will be based on a comparison of the terms 
of the Bond immediately prior to such exchange and the terms of the resulting obligations 
immediately following such exchange. 
"Restructuring Date" means the date on which a Restructuring is legally effective in accordance 
with the terms of the documentation governing such Restructuring. 
"Restructuring Maturity Limitation Date" means with respect to a Deliverable Obligation, the 
Limitation Date occurring on or immediately following the Scheduled Maturity Date. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the final maturity date of the Restructured Bond or Loan with 
the latest final maturity date of any Restructured Bond or Loan occurs prior to the 2.5-year 
Limitation Date (such Restructured Bond or Loan, a "Latest Maturity Restructured Bond or 
Loan") and the Scheduled Maturity Date occurs prior to the final maturity date of such Latest 
Maturity Restructured Bond or Loan, then the Restructuring Maturity Limitation Date will be the 
final maturity date of such Latest Maturity Restructured Bond or Loan. For these purposes, the 
final maturity date shall be determined on the basis of the terms of the Deliverable Obligation in 
effect at the time of making such determination and, in the case of a Deliverable Obligation that is

--- Page 286 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
 
- 271 - 
 
 
due and payable, the final maturity date shall be deemed to be the date on which such determination 
is made. 
"Revised Currency Rate" means, with respect to a Replacement Deliverable Obligation specified 
in a Physical Settlement Amendment Notice, the rate of conversion between the currency in which 
the Replaced Deliverable Obligation Outstanding Amount is denominated and the currency in 
which the Outstanding Amount of such Replacement Deliverable Obligation is denominated that 
is determined either (a) by reference to the Currency Rate Source as at the Next Currency Fixing 
Time or (b) if such rate is not available at such time, by the Calculation Agent. 
"Scheduled Maturity Date" has the meaning given to it in the Issue Terms. 
"Seniority Level" means, with respect to an obligation of the Reference Entity: 
(a) 
"Senior Level" or "Subordinated Level" as specified in the Issue Terms, or 
(b) 
if no such seniority level is specified in the Issue Terms, "Senior Level" if the Original 
Non-Standard Reference Obligation is a Senior Obligation or "Subordinated Level" if the 
Original Non-Standard Reference Obligation is a Subordinated Obligation, failing which 
(c) 
"Senior Level". 
"Senior Obligation" means any obligation which is not Subordinated to any unsubordinated 
Borrowed Money obligation of the relevant Reference Entity. 
"Settlement Currency" means the currency specified as such in the Issue Terms, or if no currency 
is specified in the Issue Terms, the Specified Notes Currency of the Credit Linked Notes. 
"Set/Zero Recovery Price" means the percentage specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
"Settlement Method" means, if (a) Auction Settlement is specified as the applicable Settlement 
Method in the Issue Terms, Auction Settlement or (b) Cash Settlement is specified as the applicable 
Settlement Method in the Issue Terms, Cash Settlement, or (c) Physical Delivery is specified as 
the applicable Settlement Method in the Issue Terms, Physical Delivery. 
"Single Reference Entity Credit Linked Notes" means Credit Linked Notes indicated as such in 
the Issue Terms, where the Issuer purchases credit protection from the Noteholders in respect of 
only one Reference Entity. 
"Solvency Capital Provisions" means any terms in an obligation which permit the Reference 
Entity's payment obligations thereunder to be deferred, suspended, cancelled, converted, reduced 
or otherwise varied and which are necessary in order for the obligation to constitute capital 
resources of a particular tier. 
"Sovereign" means any state, political subdivision or government, or any agency, instrumentality, 
ministry, department or other authority acting in a governmental capacity (including without 
limiting the foregoing, the central bank) thereof. 
"Sovereign Restructured Deliverable Obligation" means an Obligation of a Reference Entity 
which is a Sovereign (either directly or as provider of a Relevant Guarantee) (a) in respect of which 
a Restructuring that is the subject of the relevant Credit Event Notice or DC Credit Event 
Announcement has occurred and (b) which fell within paragraph (a) of the definition of Deliverable 
Obligation above immediately preceding the date on which such Restructuring is legally effective 
in accordance with the terms of the documentation governing such Restructuring. 
"Sovereign Succession Event" means, with respect to a Reference Entity that is a Sovereign, an 
annexation, unification, secession, partition, dissolution, consolidation, reconstitution or, other 
similar event. 
"Specified Number" means the number of Public Source(s) specified in the Issue Terms, or if no 
such number is specified in the Issue Terms, two.

--- Page 287 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
 
- 272 - 
 
 
"SRO List" means the list of Standard Reference Obligations as published by ISDA on its website 
at www.isda.org from time to time (or any successor website thereto) or by a third party designated 
by ISDA on its website from time to time. 
"Standard Reference Obligation" means the obligation of the Reference Entity with the relevant 
Seniority Level which is specified from time to time on the SRO List. 
"Standard Specified Currency" means each of the lawful currencies of Canada, Japan, 
Switzerland, France, Germany, the United Kingdom and the United States of America and the euro 
and any successor currency to any of the aforementioned currencies (which in the case of the euro, 
shall mean the currency which succeeds to and replaces the euro in whole). 
"Steps Plan" means a plan evidenced by Eligible Information contemplating that there will be a 
series of successions to some or all of the Relevant Obligations of the Reference Entity, by one or 
more entities. 
"Subordinated Obligation" means any obligation which is Subordinated to any unsubordinated 
Borrowed Money obligation of the relevant Reference Entity or which would be so Subordinated 
if any unsubordinated Borrowed Money obligation of that Reference Entity existed. 
"Substitute Reference Obligation" means, with respect to a Non-Standard Reference Obligation 
to which a Substitution Event has occurred, the obligation that will replace the Non-Standard 
Reference Obligation, determined by the Calculation Agent as follows: 
(a) 
The Calculation Agent shall identify the Substitute Reference Obligation in accordance 
with paragraphs (c), (d) and (e) below to replace the Non-Standard Reference Obligation; 
provided that the Calculation Agent will not identify an obligation as the Substitute 
Reference Obligation if, at the time of the determination, such obligation has already been 
rejected as the Substitute Reference Obligation by the relevant Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee and such obligation has not changed materially since the date 
of the relevant DC Resolution. 
(b) 
If any of the events set forth under paragraphs (a) or (b)(ii) of the definition of Substitution 
Event have occurred with respect to the Non-Standard Reference Obligation, the Non-
Standard Reference Obligation will cease to be the Reference Obligation (other than for 
purposes of the "Not Subordinated" Obligation Characteristic or "Not Subordinated" 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristic and paragraph (c)(ii)). If the event set forth in 
paragraph (b)(i) of the definition of Substitution Event below has occurred with respect to 
the Non-Standard Reference Obligation and no Substitute Reference Obligation is 
available, the Non-Standard Reference Obligation will continue to be the Reference 
Obligation until the Substitute Reference Obligation is identified or, if earlier, until any of 
the events set forth under paragraphs (a) or (b)(ii) of the definition of Substitution Event 
below occur with respect to such Non-Standard Reference Obligation provided that, in 
the absence of any notification to the contrary to the Holders by the Calculation Agent at 
any time on or prior to the date on which the Notes are due to be redeemed, the Substitute 
Reference Obligation which shall replace the Non-Standard Reference Obligation shall be 
deemed to be, on any date, the security which is identified by its ISIN under the column 
entitled "RED Ref. Ob." which corresponds to the name of the relevant Reference Entity 
under the column entitled "RED Legal Name" which is found on Bloomberg Page 
"REDL" (or any successor page or service thereto) on such date. 
(c) 
The Substitute Reference Obligation shall be an obligation that on the Substitution Date: 
(i) 
is a Borrowed Money obligation of the Reference Entity (either directly or as 
provider of a guarantee); 
(ii) 
satisfies the Not Subordinated Deliverable Obligation Characteristic as of the date 
it was issued or incurred (without reflecting any change to the priority of payment 
after such date) and on the Substitution Date; and

--- Page 288 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
 
- 273 - 
 
 
(iii) 
 
(A) 
if the Non-Standard Reference Obligation was a Conforming Reference 
Obligation when issued or incurred and immediately prior to the 
Substitution Event Date: 
I. 
is a Deliverable Obligation (other than a Loan) determined in 
accordance with paragraph (a) of the definition of Deliverable 
Obligation above; or if no such obligation is available, 
II. 
is a Loan (other than a Private-side Loan) which constitutes a 
Deliverable Obligation determined in accordance with 
paragraph (a) of the definition of Deliverable Obligation above; 
(B) 
if the Non-Standard Reference Obligation was a Bond (or any other 
Borrowed Money obligation other than a Loan) which was a Non-
Conforming Reference Obligation when issued or incurred and/or 
immediately prior to the Substitution Event Date: 
I. 
is a Non-Conforming Substitute Reference Obligation (other 
than a Loan); or if no such obligation is available, 
II. 
is a Deliverable Obligation (other than a Loan) determined in 
accordance with paragraph (a) of the definition of Deliverable 
Obligation above; or if no such obligation is available, 
III. 
is a Non-Conforming Substitute Reference Obligation which is 
a Loan (other than a Private-side Loan); or if no such obligation 
is available, 
IV. 
is a Loan (other than a Private-side Loan) which constitutes a 
Deliverable Obligation determined in accordance with 
paragraph (a) of the definition of Deliverable Obligation above; 
or 
(C) 
if the Non-Standard Reference Obligation was a Loan which was a Non-
Conforming Reference Obligation when incurred and/or immediately 
prior to the Substitution Event Date: 
I. 
is a Non-Conforming Substitute Reference Obligation which is 
a Loan (other than a Private-side Loan); or if no such obligation 
is available, 
II. 
is a Non-Conforming Substitute Reference Obligation (other 
than a Loan); or if no such obligation is available, 
III. 
is a Deliverable Obligation (other than a Loan) determined in 
accordance with paragraph (a) of the definition of Deliverable 
Obligation above; or if no such obligation is available, 
IV. 
is a Loan (other than a Private-side Loan) which constitutes a 
Deliverable Obligation determined in accordance with 
paragraph (a) of the definition of Deliverable Obligation above. 
(d) 
If more than one potential Substitute Reference Obligation is identified pursuant to the 
process described in paragraph (c) above, the Substitute Reference Obligation will be the 
potential Substitute Reference Obligation that most closely preserves the economic 
equivalent of the delivery and payment obligations of the Issuer under the Notes as 
determined by the Calculation Agent. The Calculation Agent will notify the Holders in 
accordance with General Condition 12 of the Substitute Reference Obligation as soon as 
reasonably practicable after it has been identified in accordance with paragraph (c) above

--- Page 289 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
 
- 274 - 
 
 
and the Substitute Reference Obligation shall replace the Non-Standard Reference 
Obligation. 
(e) 
If a Substitution Event has occurred with respect to the Non-Standard Reference 
Obligation and the Calculation Agent determines that no Substitute Reference Obligation 
is available for the Non-Standard Reference Obligation then, subject to paragraph (a) 
above and notwithstanding the fact that the Non-Standard Reference Obligation may have 
ceased to be the Reference Obligation in accordance with paragraph (b) above, the 
Calculation Agent shall continue to attempt to identify the Substitute Reference Obligation. 
(f) 
For the avoidance of doubt, no Substitute Reference Obligation shall be determined in 
respect of any Credit Linked Notes that are Reference Obligation Only Notes. 
"Substitute Reference Obligation Resolution Request Date" means, with respect to a notice to 
the DC Secretary requesting that a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee be convened to 
Resolve a Substitute Reference Obligation to the Non-Standard Reference Obligation, the date, as 
publicly announced by the DC Secretary, that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee Resolves to be the date on which such notice is effective. 
"Substitution Date" means, with respect to a Substitute Reference Obligation, the date on which 
the Calculation Agent notifies the Issuer of the Substitute Reference Obligation that it has identified 
in accordance with the definition of Substitute Reference Obligation above. 
"Substitution Event" means, with respect to the Non-Standard Reference Obligation: 
(a) 
the Non-Standard Reference Obligation is redeemed in whole; or 
(b) 
provided that the Credit Linked Notes to which the Non-Standard Reference Obligation 
relates are not Reference Obligation Only Notes: 
(i) 
the aggregate amounts due under the Non-Standard Reference Obligation have 
been reduced by redemption or otherwise below US$ 10,000,000 (or its 
equivalent in the relevant Obligation Currency, as determined by the Calculation 
Agent); or 
(ii) 
for any reason, other than due to the existence or occurrence of a Credit Event, 
the Non-Standard Reference Obligation is no longer an obligation of the 
Reference Entity (either directly or as provider of a guarantee). 
For purposes of identification of the Non-Standard Reference Obligation, any change in 
the Non-Standard Reference Obligation's CUSIP or ISIN number or other similar 
identifier will not, in and of itself, constitute a Substitution Event. If an event described in 
paragraphs (a) or (b)(i) above has occurred on or prior to the Trade Date, then a 
Substitution Event shall be deemed to have occurred pursuant to paragraphs (a) or (b)(i) 
above as the case may be, on the Trade Date. 
"Substitution Event Date" means, with respect to the Reference Obligation, the date of the 
occurrence of the relevant Substitution Event. 
"Succession Date" means the legally effective date of an event in which one or more entities 
succeed to some or all of the Relevant Obligations of the Reference Entity; provided that if at 
such time, there is a Steps Plan, the Succession Date will be the legally effective date of the final 
succession in respect of such Steps Plan, or if earlier (i) the date on which a determination pursuant 
to paragraph (a) of the definition of Successor below would not be affected by any further related 
successions in respect of such Steps Plan, or (ii) the occurrence of a Credit Event Determination 
Date in respect of the Reference Entity or any entity which would constitute a Successor.

--- Page 290 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
 
- 275 - 
 
 
"Successor" means: 
(a) 
subject to paragraph (b) below, the entity or entities, if any, determined as follows: 
(i) 
subject to paragraph (vii), if one entity succeeds, either directly or indirectly, as a 
provider of a Relevant Guarantee, to seventy-five% or more of the Relevant 
Obligations of the Reference Entity, that entity will be the sole Successor; 
(ii) 
if only one entity succeeds directly as a provider of a Relevant Guarantee, to more 
than twenty-five% (but less than seventy-five%) of the Relevant Obligations of 
the Reference Entity, and not more than twenty-five% of the Relevant Obligations 
of the Reference Entity remain with the Reference Entity, the entity that succeeds 
to more than twenty-five% of the Relevant Obligations will be the sole Successor; 
(iii) 
if more than one entity each succeeds directly as a provider of a Relevant 
Guarantee, to more than twenty-five% of the Relevant Obligations of the 
Reference Entity, and not more than twenty-five% of the Relevant Obligations of 
the Reference Entity remain with the Reference Entity, the entities that succeed 
to more than twenty-five% of the Relevant Obligations will each be a Successor 
and these Terms and Conditions and/or the Issue Terms will be adjusted as 
provided below; 
(iv) 
if one or more entity each succeed directly as a provider of a Relevant Guarantee, 
to more than twenty-five% of the Relevant Obligations of the Reference Entity, 
and more than twenty-five% of the Relevant Obligations of the Reference Entity 
remain with the Reference Entity, each such entity and the Reference Entity will 
each be a Successor and these Terms and Conditions and/or the Issue Terms will 
be adjusted as provided below; 
(v) 
if one or more entities succeed directly as a provider of a Relevant Guarantee, to 
a portion of the Relevant Obligations of the Reference Entity, but no entity 
succeeds to more than twenty-five% of the Relevant Obligations of the Reference 
Entity and the Reference Entity continues to exist, there will be no Successor and 
the Reference Entity will not be changed in any way as a result of such succession; 
(vi) 
if one or more entities succeed, either directly or indirectly, as a provider of a 
Relevant Guarantee, to a portion of the Relevant Obligations of the Reference 
Entity, but no entity succeeds to more than twenty-five% of the Relevant 
Obligations of the Reference Entity and the Reference Entity ceases to exist, the 
entity which succeeds to the greatest percentage of Relevant Obligations will be 
the Successor (provided that if two or more entities succeed to an equal 
percentage of Relevant Obligations, each such entity will be a Successor and these 
Terms and Conditions and/or the Issue Terms will be adjusted as provided below); 
and 
(vii) 
in respect of a Reference Entity which is not a Sovereign, if one entity assumes 
all of the obligations (including at least one Relevant Obligation) of the Reference 
Entity, and at the time of the determination either (A) the Reference Entity has 
ceased to exist, or (B) the Reference Entity is in the process of being dissolved 
(howsoever described) and the Reference Entity has not issued or incurred any 
Borrowed Money obligation at any time since the legally effective date of the 
assumption, such entity (the Universal Successor) will be the sole Successor; and 
(b) 
An entity may only be a Successor if: 
(i) 
either (A) the related Succession Date occurs on or after the Successor Backstop 
Date, or (B) such entity is a Universal Successor in respect of which the 
Succession Date occurred on or after January 1, 2014; 
(ii) 
the Reference Entity had at least one Relevant Obligation outstanding 
immediately prior to the Succession Date and such entity succeeds to all or part 
of at least one Relevant Obligation of the Reference Entity; and

--- Page 291 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
 
- 276 - 
 
 
(iii) 
where the Reference Entity is a Sovereign, such entity succeeded to the Relevant 
Obligations by way of a Sovereign Succession Event. 
The Calculation Agent will be responsible for determining, as soon as reasonably practicable after 
delivery of a Successor Notice and with effect from the Succession Date, any Successor or 
Successors under paragraph (a) above, Provided that the Calculation Agent will not make any 
such determination if, at the time of determination, the DC Secretary has publicly announced that 
the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has Resolved that there is no Successor 
based on the relevant succession to Relevant Obligations. 
The Calculation Agent will make all calculations and determinations required to be made under 
this definition of Successor on the basis of Eligible Information and will, as soon as practicable 
after such calculation or determination, make such calculation or determination available for 
inspection by Noteholders at the specified office of the relevant Paying Agent. In calculating the 
percentages used to determine whether an entity qualifies as a Successor under paragraph (a) 
above, if there is a Steps Plan, the Calculation Agent shall consider all related successions in respect 
of such Steps Plan in aggregate as if forming part of a single succession. 
Where pursuant to paragraph (a)(iii), (a)(iv) or (a)(vi) or (b) above, more than one Successor has 
been identified, the Calculation Agent shall adjust such of these Terms and Conditions and/or the 
Issue Terms as it shall determine to be appropriate to reflect that the Reference Entity has been 
succeeded by more than one Successor (which amendments may, for the avoidance of doubt, 
include in the case of Tranched Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes, such adjustments as the 
Calculation Agent determines appropriate to the numbers of Reference Entities specified as "H" 
and "L", having regard to any adjustments made to the notional portfolio to which the Notes relate) 
and shall determine the effective date of that adjustment. The Calculation Agent shall be deemed 
to be acting in a commercially reasonable manner if it adjusts such of these Terms and Conditions 
and/or the Issue Terms in such a manner as to reflect the adjustment to and/or division of any credit 
derivative transaction(s) related to or underlying the Credit Linked Notes under the provisions of 
the 2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions. 
Upon the Calculation Agent making such adjustment, the Issuer shall give notice as soon as 
practicable to Holders in accordance with General Condition 12 stating the adjustment to these 
Terms and Conditions and/or the Issue Terms and giving brief details of the relevant Successor 
event. 
If two or more entities (each, a "Joint Potential Successor") jointly succeed to a Relevant 
Obligation (the "Joint Relevant Obligation") either directly or as a provider of a Relevant 
Guarantee, then (i) if the Joint Relevant Obligation was a direct obligation of the Reference Entity, 
it shall be treated as having been succeeded to by the Joint Potential Successor (or Joint Potential 
Successors, in equal parts) which succeeded to such Joint Relevant Obligation as direct obligor or 
obligors, or (ii) if the Joint Relevant Obligation was a Relevant Guarantee, it shall be treated as 
having been succeeded to by the Joint Potential Successor (or Joint Potential Successors, in equal 
parts) which succeeded to such Joint Relevant Obligation as guarantor or guarantors, if any, or 
otherwise by each Joint Potential Successor in equal parts. 
For the purposes of this definition of "Successor", "succeed" means, with respect to the Reference 
Entity and its Relevant Obligations, that an entity other than the Reference Entity (i) assumes or 
becomes liable for such Relevant Obligations whether by operation of law or pursuant to any 
agreement (including, with respect to a Reference Entity that is a Sovereign, any protocol, treaty, 
convention, accord, concord, entente, pact or other agreement), or (ii) issues Bonds or incurs Loans 
(the "Exchange Bonds" or "Loans") that are exchanged for Relevant Obligations, and in either 
case the Reference Entity is not thereafter a direct obligor or a provider of a Relevant Guarantee 
with respect to such Relevant Obligations or such Exchange Bonds or Loans, as applicable. For 
purposes of this definition of "Successor", "succeeded" and "succession" shall be construed 
accordingly. In the case of an exchange offer, the determinations required pursuant to paragraph 
(a) of this definition of "Successor" shall be made on the basis of the outstanding principal balance 
of Relevant Obligations exchanged and not on the basis of the outstanding principal balance of the 
Exchange Bonds or Loans.

--- Page 292 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
 
- 277 - 
 
 
Notwithstanding the provisions above and sub-paragraph (b) of the definition of Reference Entity, 
where one or more Reference Entities (each an "Affected Reference Entity") and/or the Issuer 
would, but for this provision, be identified as a Successor to another Reference Entity pursuant to 
the above provisions and at least one other entity which is not a Reference Entity or the Issuer is 
also identified as a Successor for the purposes of any succession, each Affected Reference Entity 
and/or the Issuer, as applicable, shall not be regarded as a "Successor" for the purposes of the 
Notes. Where pursuant to the provisions above or sub-paragraph (b) of the definition of Reference 
Entity one or more Reference Entities (each an "Affected Reference Entity") and/or the Issuer 
would, but for this provision, be identified as a Successor to another Reference Entity pursuant to 
the above provisions but no other entities (that are not Reference Entities or the Issuer) are 
identified as a Successor in respect of the relevant succession, each Affected Reference Entity 
and/or the Issuer, as applicable, shall not be regarded as a "Successor" for the purposes of the Notes 
and, in respect of each Affected Reference Entity or the Issuer, as applicable, the Calculation Agent 
shall use reasonable endeavours to (a) select an Alternative Reference Entity to be the Successor 
in respect of the relevant succession and (b) select an Alternative Reference Obligation to be the 
Reference Obligation in respect of such Alternative Reference Entity after the relevant succession 
and the Calculation Agent may make such adjustments to the Conditions and/or the Issue Terms 
as it determines to be necessary or desirable to reflect such Alternative Reference Entity and 
Alternative Reference Obligation. If the Calculation Agent is unable to select an Alternative 
Reference Entity or an Alternative Reference Obligation, then: (i) no Successor shall be appointed; 
(ii) the Affected Reference Entity to which the relevant succession relates shall be deemed to have 
ceased to be a Reference Entity; (iii) that portion of any interest payable which is referable to the 
purchase of credit protection purchased by the Issuer under the Notes in respect of the Affected 
Reference Entity shall be reduced accordingly as determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole 
and absolute discretion; and (iv) the Calculation Agent may make such adjustments to the 
Conditions and/or the Issue Terms to account for the Successor Associated Costs, which may 
include, without limitation, reducing the Final Redemption Amount, Credit Event Redemption 
Amount or the Entitlement (as the case may be) by an amount equal to the Successor Associated 
Costs, in each case with effect from the date determined by the Calculation Agent to be the relevant 
Succession Date. 
Where: 
"Alternative Reference Entity" means an entity which satisfies both the Industry Requirement 
(other than in the case of a Sovereign) and the Spread Requirement as determined by the 
Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion; 
"Alternative Reference Obligation" means any obligation of the Alternative Reference Entity 
selected by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion which, as far as practicable, in 
the determination of the Calculation Agent is substantially similar in economic terms to the relevant 
Reference Obligation of the Reference Entity for which a Successor falls to be determined pursuant 
to this definition of "Successor". An Alternative Reference Obligation may or may not be the 
applicable Standard Reference Obligation for the Alternative Reference Entity; 
"Industry Requirement" means an entity that is in the same industry group as the Reference 
Entity for which a Successor falls to be determined pursuant to this definition of "Successor", as 
determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion by reference to such 
source(s) as it determines appropriate, including any international market data sources such as, but 
not limited to, credit rating agencies; 
"Spread" means the bid-side quotation obtained by the Calculation Agent from such leading dealer 
in the credit default swap market selected by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute 
discretion for a credit default swap in respect of the relevant entity with a credit protection period 
commencing on the date determined by the Calculation Agent to be the date of the relevant 
Succession Date and ending on the Maturity Date and with the Reference Obligation(s) specified 
in the Issue Terms or Alternative Reference Obligation(s), as applicable; 
"Spread Requirement" means an entity that, as at the date of selection, has a Spread not greater 
than the Spread of the Reference Entity for which a Successor falls to be determined pursuant to 
this definition of "Successor", immediately prior to the relevant Succession Date as determined by 
the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion; and

--- Page 293 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
 
- 278 - 
 
 
"Successor Associated Costs" means an amount per nominal amount of the Notes (which may not 
be less than zero) equal to such Notes' pro rata share of the total amount of any and all costs and 
losses associated with or incurred by the Issuer and/or any Affiliate in connection with the Affected 
Reference Entity ceasing to be a Reference Entity, including, without limitation, any costs and 
losses associated with or incurred by the Issuer and/or any Affiliate in connection with unwinding, 
substituting, re-establishing and/or incurring any funding relating to the Notes and/or any hedge 
positions (including without limitation, any derivative transaction) relating to the Notes, and any 
related costs due to costs or losses being incurred prior to the maturity or settlement of the Notes, 
all as determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole discretion. 
"Successor Backstop Date" means for purposes of any Successor determination determined by 
DC Resolution, the date that is ninety calendar days prior to the Successor Resolution Request 
Date otherwise, the date that is ninety calendar days prior to the earlier of (i) the date on which the 
Successor Notice is effective and (ii) in circumstances where (A) a Successor Resolution Request 
Date has occurred, (B) the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has Resolved 
not to make a Successor determination and (C) the Successor Notice is delivered not more than 
fourteen calendar days after the day on which the DC Secretary publicly announces that the 
relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has Resolved not to make a Successor 
determination, the Successor Resolution Request Date. The Successor Backstop Date shall not be 
subject to adjustment in accordance with any Business Day Convention. 
"Successor Notice" means an irrevocable notice from the Calculation Agent to the Issuer that 
describes a succession (or, in relation to a Reference Entity that is a Sovereign, a Sovereign 
Succession Event) in respect of which a Succession Date has occurred and pursuant to which one 
or more Successors to the Reference Entity can be determined. 
A Successor Notice must contain a description in reasonable detail of the facts relevant to the 
determination to be made pursuant to paragraph (a) of the definition of Successor above. 
"Successor Resolution Request Date" means, with respect to a notice to the DC Secretary 
requesting that a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee be convened to Resolve one or 
more Successors to the Reference Entity, the date, as publicly announced by the DC Secretary, that 
the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee Resolves to be the date on which such 
notice is effective. 
"Trade Date" means the date specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
"Transaction Auction Settlement Terms" means the Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement 
Terms selected by the Calculation Agent in accordance with this provision. In relation to a Credit 
Event (and as set out in the definition of Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms), ISDA may 
publish one or more form(s) of Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms on its website at 
www.isda.org (or any successor website thereto) and may amend such forms from time to time. 
Each such form of Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms shall set out, inter alia, definitions 
of "Auction", "Auction Cancellation Date", "Auction Covered Transaction" and "Auction Final 
Price Determination Date" in relation to the relevant Credit Event. The Transaction Auction 
Settlement Terms for purposes of the Credit Linked Notes shall be the relevant form of Credit 
Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms for which the Reference Transaction would be an Auction 
Covered Transaction (as such term will be set out in the relevant Credit Derivatives Auction 
Settlement Terms). The Reference Transaction (as set out in the definition thereof) is a hypothetical 
credit derivative transaction included in these Credit Linked Conditions principally for the purpose 
of selecting the Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms appropriate to the Credit Linked 
Notes. 
"Undeliverable Obligation" means a Deliverable Obligation included in the Entitlement which, 
on the Credit Settlement Date for such Deliverable Obligation, the Calculation Agent determines 
for any reason (including without limitation, failure of the relevant clearance system or due to any 
law, regulation, court order, contractual restrictions, statutory restrictions or market conditions but 
excluding the non-receipt of any requisite consents with respect to the Delivery of Loans or non-
delivery of an Asset Transfer Notice or any relevant information by a holder) it is impossible or 
illegal to Deliver on the Credit Settlement Date.

--- Page 294 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
 
- 279 - 
 
 
"Underlying Obligation" means, with respect to a guarantee, the obligation which is the subject 
of the guarantee. 
"Underlying Obligor" means with respect to an Underlying Obligation, the issuer in the case of a 
Bond, the borrower in the case of a Loan, or the principal obligor in the case of any other 
Underlying Obligation. 
"Unwind Costs" means the amount specified in the Issue Terms or if "Standard Unwind Costs" 
are specified in the Issue Terms, an amount determined by the Calculation Agent equal to the 
aggregate sum of (without duplication) all costs (including loss of funding), fees, charges, 
expenses, tax and duties incurred by the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates in connection with the 
redemption or credit settlement of the Credit Linked Notes and the related termination, settlement 
or re-establishment of any Hedging Arrangements. 
"Valuation Date" means if "Single Valuation Date" is specified in the Issue Terms and subject to 
Credit Linked Condition 10, the date that is the number of Business Days specified in the Issue 
Terms (or, if the number of Business Days is not so specified, five Business Days) following the 
Credit Event Determination Date (or if the Credit Event Determination Date occurs pursuant to 
paragraph (a)(ii) of the definition of Credit Event Determination Date above or paragraph (b)(i) of 
the definition of Non-Standard Credit Event Determination Date, the day on which the DC Credit 
Event Announcement occurs) (or, if Cash Settlement is applicable pursuant to the Fallback 
Settlement Method in accordance with paragraphs (b)(i) or (b)(ii) of Credit Linked Condition 2 
(Auction Settlement) above, the date that is the number of Business Days specified in the Issue 
Terms or, if the number of Business Days is not so specified, five Business Days) following the 
Auction Cancellation Date, if any, or the relevant No Auction Announcement Date, if any, as 
applicable), and if "Multiple Valuation Dates" is specified in the Issue Terms, each of the following 
dates: 
(a) 
subject to Credit Linked Condition 11, the date that is the number of Business Days 
specified in the Issue Terms (or, if the number of Business Days is not specified, five 
Business Days) following the Credit Event Determination Date (or if the Credit Event 
Determination Date occurs pursuant to paragraph (a) of the definition of Credit Event 
Determination Date above or paragraph (b)(i) of the definition of Non-Standard Credit 
Event Determination Date, the day on which the DC Credit Event Announcement occurs) 
(or if Cash Settlement is the applicable Fallback Settlement Method in accordance with 
paragraphs (b)(i) or (b)(ii) of Credit Linked Condition 2 (Auction Settlement) above, the 
date that is the number of Business Days specified in the Issue Terms (or, if the number 
of Business Days is not specified, five Business Days) following the Auction Cancellation 
Date, if any, or the relevant No Auction Announcement Date, if any, as applicable); and 
(b) 
each successive date that is the number of Business Days specified in the Issue Terms or, 
if the number of Business Days is not so specified, five Business Days after the date on 
which the Calculation Agent obtains a Market Value with respect to the immediately 
preceding Valuation Date. 
When "Multiple Valuation Dates" is specified in the Issue Terms, the total number of Valuation 
Dates shall be equal to the number of Valuation Dates specified in the Issue Terms (or, if the 
number of Valuation Dates is not so specified, five Valuation Dates). 
If neither Single Valuation Date nor Multiple Valuation Dates is specified in the Issue Terms, 
Single Valuation Date shall apply. 
"Valuation Method": 
(a) 
The following Valuation Methods may be specified in the Issue Terms with only one 
Valuation Date: 
(i) 
"Market" means the Market Value determined by the Calculation Agent with 
respect to the Valuation Date; or 
(ii) 
"Highest" means the highest Quotation obtained by the Calculation Agent with 
respect to the Valuation Date.

--- Page 295 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
 
- 280 - 
 
 
(b) 
If no such Valuation Method is specified in the Issue Terms, the Valuation Method shall 
be Highest. 
(c) 
The following Valuation Methods may be specified in the Issue Terms with more than one 
Valuation Date: 
(i) 
"Average Market" means the unweighted arithmetic mean of the Market Values 
determined by the Calculation Agent with respect to each Valuation Date; or 
(ii) 
"Highest" means the highest Quotation obtained by the Calculation Agent with 
respect to any Valuation Date; or 
(iii) 
"Average Highest" means the unweighted arithmetic mean of the highest 
Quotations obtained by the Calculation Agent with respect to each Valuation Date. 
(d) 
If no such Valuation Method is specified in the Issue Terms, the Valuation Method shall 
be Average Highest. 
Notwithstanding paragraphs (a) to (d) above, if Quotations include Weighted Average Quotations 
or fewer than two Full Quotations, the Calculation Agent may at its option determine that the 
Valuation Method shall be Market or Average Market, as the case may be. 
Where applicable, the Issue Terms may specify an alternative Valuation Method which shall be 
applicable in respect of the relevant Credit Linked Notes. 
"Valuation Time" means the time specified as such in the Issue Terms or, if no time is so specified, 
11.00 a.m. in the principal trading market for the Reference Obligation. 
"Voting Shares" means the shares or other interests that have the power to elect the board of 
directors or similar governing body of an entity. 
"Weighted Average Quotation" means in accordance with the Quotation Method, the weighted 
average of firm quotations obtained from Quotation Dealers at the Valuation Time, to the extent 
reasonably practicable, each for an amount of the Reference Obligation with an Outstanding 
Principal Balance or Due and Payable Amount, as applicable, of as large a size as available but 
less than the Quotation Amount (but, of a size at least equal to the Minimum Quotation Amount) 
that in aggregate are approximately equal to the Quotation Amount. 
"Zero/Set Recovery Notes" means Notes in respect of which the applicable Settlement Method in 
the Issue Terms is specified as "Not applicable: "Zero/Set Recovery Notes". 
14. 
Credit Event Notice after Restructuring Credit Event 
If this Credit Linked Condition 14 is specified as applicable in the Issue Terms, then, 
notwithstanding anything to the contrary in these Terms and Conditions, upon the occurrence of 
an M(M)R: 
(a) 
The Calculation Agent may deliver multiple Credit Event Notices in respect of such 
M(M)R Restructuring, each such Credit Event Notice setting forth an amount of the 
relevant Reference Entity Notional Amount to which such Restructuring Credit Event 
applies (the "Partial Redemption Amount") that may be less than the aggregate Nominal 
Amount of those Credit Linked Notes outstanding immediately prior to the delivery of 
such Credit Event Notice. In such circumstances the Credit Linked Conditions and related 
provisions shall be deemed to apply to the Partial Redemption Amount only and each such 
Credit Linked Note shall be redeemed in part (such redeemed part being equal to the 
Partial Redemption Amount). 
(b) 
For the avoidance of doubt (A) the nominal amount of each Credit Linked Note not so 
redeemed in part shall remain outstanding and interest shall accrue on the nominal amount 
outstanding of such Credit Linked Note as provided in General Condition 4 (adjusted in 
such manner as the Calculation Agent determines to be appropriate), (B) the Credit Linked 
Conditions and related provisions shall apply to such nominal amount outstanding of such

--- Page 296 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
 
- 281 - 
 
 
Credit Linked Note in the event that subsequent Credit Event Notices are delivered in 
respect of the Reference Entity that was the subject of the Restructuring Credit Event and 
(C) if, following a Restructuring Credit Event, different Credit Event Determination Dates 
have been determined with respect to different portions of amounts payable or deliverable 
to Noteholders under the relevant Series, the Calculation Agent will (x) determine such 
adjustment(s) to these Terms and Conditions as may be required to achieve as far as 
practicable the same economic effect as if each such portion was a separate series or 
otherwise reflect or account for the effect of the above provisions of this Credit Linked 
Condition 14 and (y) the effective date of such adjustment(s). 
(c) 
If the provisions of this Credit Linked Condition 14(c) apply in respect of the Credit 
Linked Notes, on redemption of part of each such Credit Linked Note the relevant Credit 
Linked Note or, if the Credit Linked Notes are represented by a Global Note, such Global 
Note, shall be endorsed to reflect such part redemption. 
(d) 
In addition, in the case of First-to-Default Credit Linked Notes: 
Once a Credit Event Determination Date has occurred in respect of the First Reference 
Entity, where the Credit Event is a Restructuring Credit Event, no further Credit Event 
Notices may be delivered in respect of any other Reference Entity. 
(e) 
In addition, in the case of Nth-to-Default Credit Linked Notes: 
Once a Credit Event Determination Date has occurred in respect of the Triggering 
Reference Entity, where the Credit event is a Restructuring Credit Event, no further Credit 
Event Notices may be delivered in respect of any other Reference Entity. 
(f) 
In addition, in the case of Linear Credit Basket Credit Linked Notes: 
Once a Credit Event Determination Date has occurred in respect of a Reference Entity in 
the Basket, where the Credit Event is a Restructuring Credit Event, no further Credit Event 
Notices may be delivered in respect of such Reference Entity. 
15. 
Provisions relating to Multiple Holder Obligation 
If this Credit Linked Condition 15 is specified as applicable in the Issue Terms, then, 
notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the definition of Restructuring and related provisions, 
the occurrence of, agreement to, or announcement of, any of the events described in sub-paragraphs 
(a) to (e) of the definition of "Restructuring" shall not be a Restructuring unless the Obligation in 
respect of any such events is a Multiple Holder Obligation. 
"Multiple Holder Obligation" means an Obligation that (i) at the time of the event which 
constitutes a Restructuring Credit Event is held by more than three holders that are not Affiliates 
of each other and (ii) is (A) a Bond and/or (B) an Obligation with respect to which a percentage of 
holders (determined pursuant to the terms of the Obligation as in effect on the date of such event) 
at least equal to sixty-six and two-thirds is required to consent to the event which constitutes a 
Restructuring Credit Event. 
16. 
Provisions taken from the ISDA supplement titled "Additional Provisions – Monoline 
Insurer as Reference Entity (January 2005)" 
If this Credit Linked Condition 16 is specified as applicable in the Issue Terms, the following 
provisions will apply: 
(a) 
Obligation and Deliverable Obligation. Paragraph (a) of the definition of "Obligation" in 
Credit Linked Condition 13 and paragraph (a) of the definition of "Deliverable Obligation" 
in Credit Linked Condition 13 are hereby amended by adding "or Qualifying Policy" after 
"as provider of a Qualifying Affiliate Guarantee". 
(b) 
Interpretation of Provisions. In the event that an Obligation or a Deliverable Obligation is 
a Qualifying Policy, paragraph (ii) of the definition of "Deliverable Obligation" in Credit 
Linked Condition 13 will apply, with references to the Qualifying Guarantee, the

--- Page 297 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
 
- 282 - 
 
 
Underlying Obligation and the Underlying Obligor deemed to include the Qualifying 
Policy, the Insured Instrument and the Insured Obligor, respectively, except that: 
(i) 
the Obligation Category Borrowed Money and the Obligation Category and 
Deliverable Obligation Category Bond shall be deemed to include distributions 
payable under an Insured Instrument in the form of a pass-through certificate or 
similar funded beneficial interest, the Deliverable Obligation Category Bond shall 
be deemed to include such an Insured Instrument, and the terms "obligation" and 
"obligor" as used in these Credit Linked Conditions in respect of such an Insured 
Instrument shall be construed accordingly; 
(ii) 
references in the definitions of Assignable Loan and Consent Required Loan to 
the "guarantor" and "guaranteeing" shall be deemed to include the "insurer" 
and "insuring", respectively; 
(iii) 
neither the Qualifying Policy nor the Insured Instrument must satisfy on the 
relevant date the Deliverable Obligation Characteristic of Accelerated or Matured, 
whether or not that characteristic is otherwise specified as applicable in the Issue 
Terms; 
(iv) 
if the Assignable Loan, Consent Required Loan, Direct Loan Participation or 
Transferable Deliverable Obligation Characteristics are specified in the Issue 
Terms and if the benefit of the "Qualifying Policy" is not transferred as part of 
any transfer of the Insured Instrument, the "Qualifying Policy" must be 
transferable at least to the same extent as the Insured Instrument; and 
(v) 
with respect to an Insured Instrument in the form of a pass-through certificate or 
similar funded beneficial interest, the term "Outstanding Principal Balance" shall 
mean the outstanding Certificate Balance and "maturity", as such term is used in 
the Maximum Maturity Deliverable Obligation Characteristic, shall mean the 
specified date by which the "Qualifying Policy" guarantees or insures, as 
applicable, that the ultimate distribution of the Certificate Balance will occur. 
(c) 
Deliver. For the purposes of the definition of "Deliver" in Credit Linked Condition 13, 
"Deliver" with respect to an obligation that is a "Qualifying Policy" means to Deliver both 
the Insured Instrument and the benefit of the "Qualifying Policy" (or a custodial receipt 
issued by an internationally recognised custodian representing an interest in such an 
Insured Instrument and the related "Qualifying Policy"), and "Delivery" and "Delivered" 
will be construed accordingly. 
(d) 
Provisions for Determining a Successor. The paragraph commencing "For the purposes 
of this definition of "Successor"..." in the definition of "Successor" in Credit Linked 
Condition 13 is hereby amended by adding "or insurer" after "or guarantor". 
(e) 
Restructuring 
(i) 
With respect to an Insured Instrument that is in the form of a pass-through 
certificate or similar funded beneficial interest or a Qualifying Policy with respect 
thereto, paragraphs (a) to (e) inclusive of the definition of "Restructuring" in 
Credit Linked Condition 13 are hereby amended to read as follows: 
"(i) 
a reduction in the rate or amount of the Instrument Payments in paragraph 
(A)(x) of the definition thereof that are guaranteed or insured by the 
"Qualifying Policy"; 
(ii) 
a reduction in the amount of the Instrument Payments described in 
paragraph (A)(y) of the definition thereof that are guaranteed or insured 
by the "Qualifying Policy"; 
(iii) 
a postponement or other deferral of a date or dates for either (x) the 
payment or accrual of the Instrument Payments described in paragraph 
(A)(x) of the definition thereof or (y) the payment of the Instrument

--- Page 298 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
 
- 283 - 
 
 
Payments described in paragraph (A)(y) of the definition thereof, in each 
case that are guaranteed or insured by the "Qualifying Policy"; 
(iv) 
a change in the ranking in priority of payment of (x) any Obligation under 
a Qualifying Policy in respect of Instrument Payments, causing the 
Subordination of such Obligation to any other Obligation or (y) any 
Instrument Payments, causing the Subordination of such Insured 
Instrument to any other instrument in the form of a pass-through 
certificate or similar funded beneficial interest issued by the Insured 
Obligor, it being understood that, for this purpose, Subordination will be 
deemed to include any such change that results in a lower ranking under 
a priority of payments provision applicable to the relevant Instrument 
Payments; or 
(v) 
any change in the currency or composition of any payment of Instrument 
Payments that are guaranteed or insured by the "Qualifying Policy" to 
any currency (other than the lawful currency of Canada, Japan, 
Switzerland, the United Kingdom and the United States of America and 
the euro and any successor currency to any of the aforementioned 
currencies (which in the case of the euro, shall mean the currency which 
succeeds to and replaces the euro as a whole)." 
(ii) 
Paragraph (c) of the definition of "Restructuring" in Credit Linked Condition 13 
is hereby amended by adding "or, in the case of a Qualifying Policy and an Insured 
Instrument, where (A) the "Qualifying Policy" continues to guarantee or insure, 
as applicable, that the same Instrument Payments will be made on the same dates 
on which the "Qualifying Policy" guaranteed or insured that such Instrument 
Payments would be made prior to such event and (B) such event is not a change 
in the ranking in the priority of payment of the "Qualifying Policy" after 
"Reference Entity". 
(iii) 
The definition of "Restructuring" in Credit Linked Condition 13 is hereby 
amended by the insertion of the following paragraph after the final paragraph 
thereof: 
"For purposes of this definition of "Restructuring" in and if Credit Linked 
Condition 15 is specified as applying in the Issue Terms, for the purposes of the 
Credit Linked Conditions the term "Obligation" shall be deemed to include 
Insured Instruments for which the Reference Entity is acting as provider of a 
Qualifying Policy. In the case of a Qualifying Policy and an Insured Instrument, 
references to the Reference Entity in this definition of "Restructuring" shall be 
deemed to refer to the Insured Obligor and the references to the Reference Entity 
in paragraphs (a) to (c) inclusive in this definition of "Restructuring" shall 
continue to refer to the Reference Entity." 
(f) 
Fully Transferable Obligation and Conditionally Transferable Obligation. In the event 
that M(M)R Restructuring is specified as applicable in the Issue Terms and a Fully 
Transferable Obligation or Conditionally Transferable Obligation is a Qualifying Policy, 
the Insured Instrument must meet the requirements of the relevant definition. References 
in the definition of "Conditionally Transferable Obligation" to the "guarantor" and 
"guaranteeing" shall be deemed to include "the "insurer" and "insuring" respectively. With 
respect to an Insured Instrument in the form of a pass-through certificate or similar funded 
beneficial interest, the term "final maturity date", as such term is used in Credit Linked 
Condition 4 and the definition of "Restructuring Maturity Limitation Date", shall mean 
the specified date by which the "Qualifying Policy" guarantees or insures, as applicable, 
that the ultimate distribution of the Certificate Balance will occur. 
(g) 
Other Provisions. For purposes of paragraph (a) of the definition of "Deliverable 
Obligation" and the definitions of "Credit Event" and "Deliver" in Credit Linked 
Condition 13 references to the "Underlying Obligation" and the "Underlying Obligor" 
shall be deemed to include "Insured Instruments" and the "Insured Obligor", respectively.

--- Page 299 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
 
- 284 - 
 
 
(h) 
Additional Definitions. 
(i) 
"Qualifying Policy" means a financial guaranty insurance policy or similar 
financial guarantee pursuant to which a Reference Entity irrevocably guarantees 
or insures all Instrument Payments of an instrument that constitutes Borrowed 
Money (modified as set forth in this Credit Linked Condition 16) (the "Insured 
Instrument") for which another party (including a special purpose entity or trust) 
is the obligor (the "Insured Obligor"). Qualifying Policies shall exclude any 
arrangement (i) structured as a surety bond, letter of credit or equivalent legal 
arrangement or (ii) pursuant to the express contractual terms of which the 
payment obligations of the Reference Entity can be discharged or reduced as a 
result of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event or circumstance (other than 
the payment of Instrument Payments). 
(ii) 
"Instrument Payments" means (A) in the case of any Insured Instrument that is 
in the form of a pass-through certificate or similar funded beneficial interest, (x) 
the specified periodic distributions in respect of interest or other return on the 
Certificate Balance on or prior to the ultimate distribution of the Certificate 
Balance and (y) the ultimate distribution of the Certificate Balance on or prior to 
a specified date and (B) in the case of any other Insured Instrument, the scheduled 
payments of principal and interest, in the case of both (A) and (B) excluding sums 
in respect of default interest, indemnities, tax gross-ups, make-whole amounts, 
early redemption premiums and other similar amounts (whether or not guaranteed 
or insured by the "Qualifying Policy"). 
(iii) 
"Certificate Balance" means, in the case of an Insured Instrument that is in the 
form of a pass through certificate or similar funded beneficial interest, the unit 
principal balance, certificate balance or similar measure of unreimbursed 
principal investment. 
17. 
Calculation Agent Notices 
Any notice to be delivered by the Calculation Agent to the Issuer pursuant to these Credit Linked 
Conditions may be given in writing (including by facsimile and/or email) and/or by telephone. Any 
such notice will be effective when given, regardless of the form in which it is delivered. A notice 
given by telephone will be deemed to have been delivered at the time the telephone conversation 
takes place. If the notice is delivered by telephone, a written confirmation will be executed and 
delivered confirming the substance of that notice within one Calculation Agent City Business Day 
of that notice. Failure to provide that written confirmation will not affect the effectiveness of that 
telephonic notice. 
For the purposes of determining the day on which an event occurs for purposes of these Credit 
Linked Conditions, the Calculation Agent will determine the demarcation of days by reference to 
Greenwich Mean Time (or, if the Reference Entity has a material connection to Japan for these 
purposes, Tokyo time) irrespective of the time zone in which such event occurred. Any event 
occurring at midnight shall be deemed to have occurred immediately prior to midnight. 
In addition, if a payment is not made by the Reference Entity on its due date or, as the case may 
be, on the final day of the relevant Grace Period, then such failure to make a payment shall be 
deemed to have occurred on such day prior to midnight Greenwich Mean Time (or, if the Reference 
Entity has a material connection to Japan for these purposes, Tokyo time), irrespective of the time 
zone of its place of payment. 
18. 
Provisions taken from the ISDA supplement titled "Additional Provisions for LPN Reference 
Entities" (published on 3rd October, 2006) 
(a) 
If this Credit Linked Condition 18 is specified as applicable in the Issue Terms, 
notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Credit Linked Conditions, the following 
provisions will apply: provisions relating to Multiple Holder Obligation will be deemed 
to be Not Applicable with respect to any Reference Obligation (and any Underlying Loan);

--- Page 300 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
 
- 285 - 
 
 
(b) 
each Reference Obligation will be an Obligation, notwithstanding anything to the contrary 
in the Credit Linked Conditions including, but not limited to the definition of "Obligation" 
in Credit Linked Condition 13, and in particular, notwithstanding that the obligation is not 
an obligation of the Reference Entity; 
(c) 
each Reference Obligation will be a Deliverable Obligation notwithstanding anything to 
the contrary in the Credit Linked Conditions including, but not limited to the definition of 
"Deliverable Obligation" in Credit Linked Condition 13 and in particular, notwithstanding 
that the obligation is not an obligation of the Reference Entity. 
For the avoidance of doubt with respect to any LPN Reference Obligation that specifies 
an Underlying Loan or an Underlying Finance Instrument, the outstanding principal 
balance shall be determined by reference to the Underlying Loan or Underlying Finance 
Instrument (as applicable) relating to such LPN Reference Obligation. 
The Not Subordinated Obligation Characteristic and Deliverable Obligation Characteristic 
shall be construed by reference to the Prior Reference Obligation; 
(d) 
the definition of Reference Obligation shall be deleted and the following substituted 
therefor: 
"Reference Obligation" means, as of the Trade Date, each of the obligations listed as a 
Reference Obligation of the Reference Entity in the Issue Terms or set forth on the relevant 
LPN Reference Obligations List (each a "Markit Published LPN Reference 
Obligation"), as published by Markit Group Limited, or any successor thereto, as of the 
Trade Date, any Additional LPN and each Additional Obligation; and 
(e) 
the following additional definitions shall apply: 
"Additional LPN" means any bond issued in the form of a loan participation note (a 
"LPN") by an entity (the "LPN Issuer") for the sole purpose of providing funds for the 
LPN Issuer to (a) finance a loan to the Reference Entity (the "Underlying Loan") or (b) 
provide finance to the Reference Entity by way of a deposit, loan or other Borrowed 
Money instrument (the "Underlying Finance Instrument"), provided that (i) either (x) 
in the event that there is an Underlying Loan with respect to such LPN the Underlying 
Loan satisfies the Obligation Characteristics specified in respect of the Reference Entity 
or (y) in the event that there is an Underlying Finance Instrument with respect to such LPN 
the Underlying Finance Instrument satisfies the Not Subordinated, Not Domestic Law and 
Not Domestic Currency Obligation Characteristics (ii) the LPN satisfies the following 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristics: Transferable, Not Bearer, Specified Currency – 
Standard Specified Currencies, Not Domestic Law, Not Domestic Issuance; and (iii) the 
LPN Issuer has, as of the issue date of such obligation, granted a First Ranking Interest 
over or in respect of certain of its rights in relation to the relevant Underlying Loan or 
Underlying Finance Instrument (as applicable) for the benefit of the holders of the LPNs. 
"Additional Obligation" means each of the obligations listed as an Additional Obligation 
of the Reference Entity in the Issue Terms or set forth on the relevant LPN Reference 
Obligations List (each a "Markit Published LPN Reference Obligation"), as published 
by Markit Group Limited, or any successor thereto, as of the Trade Date. 
"First Ranking Interest" means a charge, security interest (or other type of interest 
having similar effect) (an "Interest"), which is expressed as being "first ranking", "first 
priority", or similar ("First Ranking") in the document creating such Interest 
(notwithstanding that such Interest may not be First Ranking under any insolvency laws 
of any related insolvency jurisdiction of the LPN Issuer). 
"LPN Reference Obligation" means each Reference Obligation other than any 
Additional Obligation. 
For the avoidance of doubt, any change to the issuer of an LPN Reference Obligation in 
accordance with its terms shall not prevent such LPN Reference Obligation constituting a 
Reference Obligation.

--- Page 301 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
 
- 286 - 
 
 
Each LPN Reference Obligation is issued for the sole purpose of providing funds for the 
Issuer to finance a loan to the Reference Entity. For the purposes of the Credit Linked 
Conditions each such loan shall be an Underlying Loan. 
19. 
Amendment of Credit Linked Conditions 
The Calculation Agent may from time to time amend any provision of these Credit Linked 
Conditions (i) to incorporate and/or reflect (x) further or alternative documents or protocols from 
time to time published by ISDA with respect to the settlement of credit derivative transactions 
and/or (b) the operation or application of determinations by the ISDA Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committees and/or (ii) in any manner which the Calculation Agent determines in 
a commercially reasonable manner is necessary or desirable to reflect or account for market 
practice for credit derivative transactions and/or reflect or account for a Hedge Disruption Event. 
Any amendment made in accordance with this Credit Linked Condition 19 shall be notified to the 
Noteholders in accordance with General Condition 12. 
20. 
Physical Settlement Matrix 
If Physical Settlement Matrix is specified as applicable in the Issue Terms, the provisions specified 
as applicable and, if applicable, as amended in each case as set out below, in respect of the 
applicable Transaction Type(s) set out in the Credit Derivatives Physical Settlement Matrix as 
published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. on the Date of the Physical 
Settlement Matrix specified in the Issue Terms or, if no such date is specified, on the most recent 
date on or prior to the Issue Date of the first Tranche (the "ISDA Physical Settlement Matrix") 
shall apply and the relevant provisions of the Issue Terms shall be deemed to be completed on this 
basis and the corresponding line items in the Issue Terms may be deleted or reference to 'As per 
the Physical Settlement Matrix' may be inserted. For the avoidance of doubt, the provisions of the 
ISDA Physical Settlement Matrix that are not set out below and specified to be applicable shall not 
apply and no amendment shall be made to the Issue Terms in respect thereof. 
Provision 
Applicable/Not 
Applicable 
Amendments to ISDA Physical Settlement 
Matrix 
All Guarantees 
Applicable 
None 
Credit Events 
Applicable 
References to "Floating Rate Payer Calculation 
Amount" shall be deemed to be references to 
"the relevant Reference Entity Notional 
Amount". 
Obligation Category 
Applicable 
None 
Obligation 
Characteristics 
Applicable 
None 
Physical 
Settlement 
Period 
Applicable 
References to "Section 8.6 of the Definitions" 
shall be deemed to be references to "the 
definition of Physical Settlement Period in 
Credit Linked Condition 13". 
Deliverable Obligation 
Category 
Applicable 
None 
Deliverable Obligation 
Characteristics 
Applicable 
None 
Additional 
Provisions 
for Physically Settled 
Default 
Swaps 
– 
Monoline Insurer as 
Applicable 
(a) 
The 
reference 
to 
"Additional 
Provisions 
for 
Physically 
Settled 
Default Swaps – Monoline Insurer as 
Reference Entity (21 January 2005)" 
shall be deemed to be a reference to 
"Credit 
Linked 
Condition 
16 
–

--- Page 302 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
 
- 287 - 
 
 
Provision 
Applicable/Not 
Applicable 
Amendments to ISDA Physical Settlement 
Matrix 
Reference Entity (21 
January 2005) 
Provisions taken from the ISDA 
supplement 
titled 
"Additional 
Provisions – Monoline Insurer as 
Reference Entity (January 2005)"; and 
 
 
(b) 
the 
reference 
to 
"the 
relevant 
Confirmation" shall be deemed to be a 
reference to "the applicable Issue 
Terms". 
Additional 
Provisions 
for 
LPN 
Reference 
Entities 
(3 October 
2006) 
Applicable 
References to "Additional Provisions for LPN 
Reference Entities (3 October 2006)" shall be 
deemed to be references to Credit Linked 
Condition 18 (Provisions taken from the ISDA 
supplement titled "Additional Provisions for 
LPN Reference Entities" (published on 3 
October 2006)". 
 
21. 
Early redemption of Reference Obligation Only Notes following a Substitution Event 
If the Notes are Reference Obligation Only Notes relating to a single Reference Entity and the 
event set out in paragraph (a) of the definition of Substitution Event above occurs with respect to 
the Reference Obligation, then: 
(a) 
interest (if any) shall cease to accrue on the Credit Linked Notes from and including the 
Interest Payment Date immediately preceding the relevant Substitution Event Date or, if 
no Interest Payment Date has occurred, no interest will accrue on the Credit Linked Notes; 
and 
(b) 
each Credit Linked Note will be redeemed by the Issuer at its relevant Reference 
Obligation Only Termination Amount specified in, or determined in the manner specified 
in, the Issue Terms in the Specified Currency on the Maturity Date, which for the purposes 
of this Credit Linked Condition 21 shall be the day falling five Business Days following 
the relevant Substitution Event Date. 
22. 
DC Resolution Adjustment Events 
If following the publication of a DC Resolution (the "Prior DC Resolution"), a further DC 
Resolution (the relevant "Further DC Resolution") is published the effect of which would be to 
reverse all or part of the Prior DC Resolution or if any DC Resolution would reverse any 
determination made by the Calculation Agent and/or the occurrence of a Credit Event 
Determination Date, notwithstanding any other provisions of these Credit Linked Conditions the 
Calculation Agent may, in its sole and absolute discretion, make any adjustment(s) that the 
Calculation Agent determines is necessary or desirable to the General Conditions or these Credit 
Linked Conditions to reflect the publication of such Further DC Resolution or DC Resolution, 
including, without limitation, as a result of the impact or effect of such Further DC Resolution or 
DC Resolution on the Issuer's Hedging Arrangements.

--- Page 303 ---
FORM OF NOTES 
 
- 288 - 
 
 
FORM OF NOTES 
Bearer Notes 
Each Tranche of Bearer Notes will be initially issued in the form of a temporary bearer global note (a 
"Temporary Bearer Global Note") or a permanent global note (a "Permanent Bearer Global Note" and, 
together with a Temporary Bearer Global Note, each a "Bearer Global Note") as indicated in the Issue 
Terms, which, in either case, will (i) if the Global Notes are intended to be issued in new global note 
("NGN") form, as stated in the Issue Terms, be delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the Tranche 
to a common safekeeper for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg; or (ii) if the Global Notes are not 
intended to be issued in NGN form, as stated in the Issue Terms, be delivered on or prior to the original 
issue date of the Tranche to a common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Where the Global Notes issued in respect of any Tranche are in NGN form, the applicable Issue Terms will 
also indicate whether or not such Global Notes are intended to be held in a manner which would allow 
Eurosystem eligibility. Any indication that the Global Notes are to be so held means that the Notes of a 
particular Tranche are intended upon issue to be deposited with one of the ICSDs as common safekeeper 
and does not necessarily mean that the Notes of the relevant Tranche will be recognised as eligible collateral 
for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at 
any time during their life as such recognition depends upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria. The Common Safekeeper for NGNs will either be Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or 
another entity approved by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Whilst any Bearer Note is represented by a Temporary Bearer Global Note, payments of principal, interest 
(if any) and any other amount payable in respect of the Notes due prior to the Exchange Date (as defined 
below) will be made (against presentation of the Temporary Bearer Global Note if the Temporary Bearer 
Global Note is not intended to be issued in NGN form) only to the extent that certification (in a form to be 
provided) to the effect that the beneficial owners of interests in the Temporary Bearer Global Note are not 
U.S. persons or persons who have purchased for resale to any U.S. person, as required by U.S. Treasury 
regulations, has been received by Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable, and Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable, has given a like certification (based on the certifications it 
has received) to the Principal Paying Agent. 
On and after the date (the "Exchange Date") which is 40 days after a Temporary Bearer Global Note is 
issued, interests in such Temporary Bearer Global Note will be exchangeable (free of charge) upon a request 
as described therein either for (i) interests in a Permanent Bearer Global Note of the same Series or (ii) for 
definitive Bearer Notes of the same Series with, where applicable, coupons and talons attached (as indicated 
in the Issue Terms and subject, in the case of definitive Bearer Notes, to such notice period as is specified 
in the Issue Terms), in each case against certification of beneficial ownership as described above unless 
such certification has already been given, provided that purchasers in the United States and certain U.S. 
persons will not be able to receive definitive Bearer Notes. The holder of a Temporary Bearer Global Note 
will not be entitled to collect any payment of interest, principal or other amount due on or after the Exchange 
Date unless, upon due certification, exchange of the Temporary Bearer Global Note for an interest in a 
Permanent Bearer Global Note or for definitive Bearer Notes is improperly withheld or refused. 
Payments of principal, interest (if any) or any other amounts on a Permanent Bearer Global Note will be 
made through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (against presentation or surrender (as the case 
may be) of the Permanent Bearer Global Note if the Permanent Bearer Global Note is not intended to be 
issued in NGN form) without any requirement for certification. 
The Issue Terms will specify that a Permanent Bearer Global Note will be exchangeable (free of charge), 
in whole but not in part, for definitive Bearer Notes with, where applicable, coupons and talons attached 
upon either (i) not less than 60 days' written notice from Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (acting 
on the instructions of any holder of an interest in such Permanent Bearer Global Note) to the Principal 
Paying Agent as described therein or (ii) only upon the occurrence of an Exchange Event. For these 
purposes, "Exchange Event" means that (1) an Event of Default (as defined in General Condition 8) has 
occurred and is continuing, (2) the Issuer has been notified that both Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg have been closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of 
holiday, statutory or otherwise) or have announced an intention permanently to cease business or have in 
fact done so and no successor clearing system is available or (3) the Issuer has or will become subject to 
adverse tax consequences which would not be suffered were the Notes represented by the Permanent Bearer

--- Page 304 ---
FORM OF NOTES 
 
- 289 - 
 
 
Global Note in definitive form. The Issuer will promptly give notice to Noteholders in accordance with 
General Condition 12 if an Exchange Event occurs. In the event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event, 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (acting on the instructions of any holder of an interest in such 
Permanent Bearer Global Note) or the Issuer, as the case may be, may give notice to the Principal Paying 
Agent requesting exchange and, in the event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event as described in (iii) 
above, the Issuer may also give notice to the Principal Paying Agent requesting exchange. Any such 
exchange shall occur not later than 60 days after the date of receipt of the first relevant notice by the 
Principal Paying Agent. If the Global Note is a NGN, the Issuer shall procure that details of such exchange 
be entered pro rata in the records of the relevant clearing system. 
In the event that the Permanent Bearer Global Note is exchanged for definitive Bearer Notes, such definitive 
Bearer Notes shall be issued in the minimum Specified Denomination only. Other than in limited 
circumstances, the Notes shall be tradeable only in principal amounts of at least the Specified Denomination 
(or if more than one Specified Denomination, the lowest Specified Denomination). Noteholders who hold 
Notes in the relevant clearing system in amounts that are not integral multiples of the Specified 
Denomination may need to purchase or sell, on or before the Exchange Date, a nominal amount of Notes 
such that their holding is an integral multiple of the Specified Denomination. 
The following legend will appear on all Permanent Bearer Global Notes and definitive Bearer Notes (other 
than Temporary Global Notes), and interest coupons relating to such Notes where TEFRA D is specified 
in the Issue Terms: 
"ANY UNITED STATES PERSON WHO HOLDS THIS OBLIGATION WILL BE SUBJECT TO 
LIMITATIONS UNDER THE UNITED STATES INCOME TAX LAWS, INCLUDING THE 
LIMITATIONS PROVIDED IN SECTIONS 165(J) AND 1287(A) OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE 
CODE." 
The sections referred to provide that United States holders, with certain exceptions, will not be entitled to 
deduct any loss on Bearer Notes or Coupons and will not be entitled to capital gains treatment in respect of 
any gain on any sale, disposition, redemption or payment of principal in respect of such Notes or interest 
coupons. 
Notes which are represented by a Bearer Global Note will only be transferable in accordance with the rules 
and procedures for the time being of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be. 
Book Entry Notes 
The Book Entry Notes are issued in dematerialised book entry form ("forma escritural") and are 
"nominativas" (i.e. Interbolsa, at the Issuer's request, can ask the Affiliated Members information regarding 
the identity of the Noteholders and transmit such information to the Issuer). The Book Entry Notes are 
issued in any specified denomination provided that in the case of any Book Entry Notes which are to be 
admitted to trading on a regulated market within the European Economic Area or offered to the public in a 
Member State of the European Economic Area in circumstances which require the publication of a 
prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation, the minimum Specified Denomination shall be as indicated in 
the applicable Issue Terms. 
The Book Entry Notes will be registered by Interbolsa as management entity of Central de Valores 
Mobiliários. 
The Notes may be held in a manner which would allow Eurosystem eligibility. Any indication that the 
Notes are to be so held does not necessarily mean that the Notes of the relevant Tranche will be recognised 
as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem 
either upon issue or at any times during their life as such recognition depends upon satisfaction of the 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria. 
Book Entry Notes will only be tradable in one Specified Denomination. 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Book Entry Notes may only be issued in Euro, U.S. dollars, 
Sterling, Japanese yen, Swiss francs, Australian dollars and Canadian dollars. 
Each person shown in the individual securities accounts held with an Affiliated Member of Interbolsa as 
having an interest in the Notes shall be considered the holder of the principal amount of Notes recorded.

--- Page 305 ---
FORM OF NOTES 
 
- 290 - 
 
 
One or more certificates in relation to the Notes (each a "Certificate") will be delivered by the relevant 
Affiliated Member of Interbolsa in respect of its registered holding of Notes upon the request by the relevant 
holder of Book Entry Notes and in accordance with that Affiliated Member's procedures and pursuant to 
article 78 of the Portuguese Securities Code ("Código dos Valores Mobiliários"). 
Any holder of Book Entry Notes will (except as otherwise required by law) be treated as its absolute owner 
for all purposes regardless of the theft or loss of, the Certificate issued in respect of it and no person will 
be liable for so treating any holder of Book Entry Notes. 
General 
Pursuant to the Agency Terms (as defined under "Terms and Conditions of the Notes"), the Principal Paying 
Agent shall arrange that, where a further Tranche of Notes is issued which is intended to form a single 
Series with an existing Tranche of Notes at a point after the Issue Date of the further Tranche, the Notes of 
such further Tranche shall be assigned a common code and ISIN which are different from the common code 
and ISIN assigned to Notes of any other Tranche of the same Series until such time as the Tranches are 
consolidated and form a single Series, which shall not be prior to the expiry of the distribution compliance 
period (as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act) applicable to the Notes of such Tranche. 
For so long as any of the Notes is represented by a Global Note held on behalf of Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg each person (other than Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg) who is for the 
time being shown in the records of Euroclear or of Clearstream, Luxembourg as the holder of a particular 
nominal amount of such Notes (in which regard any certificate or other document issued by Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg as to the nominal amount of such Notes standing to the account of any person 
shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes save in the case of manifest error) shall be treated by the 
Issuer and its agents as the holder of such nominal amount of such Notes for all purposes other than with 
respect to the payment of principal or interest on such nominal amount of such Notes, voting, giving 
consents or making requests, for which purpose the bearer of the relevant Bearer Global Note shall be 
treated by the Issuer and its agents as the holder of such nominal amount of such Notes in accordance with 
and subject to the terms of the relevant Global Note and the expressions "Noteholder" and "holder of 
Notes" and related expressions shall be construed accordingly. 
Except in relation to Notes issued in NGN form, any reference herein to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg shall, whenever the context so permits, be deemed to include a reference to any additional or 
alternative clearing system specified in the Issue Terms or as may otherwise be approved by the Issuer and 
the Principal Paying Agent. A Note may be accelerated by the holder thereof in certain circumstances 
described in General Condition 8. In such circumstances, where any Note is still represented by a Global 
Note and the Global Note (or any part thereof) has become due and repayable in accordance with the Terms 
and Conditions of such Notes and payment in full of the amount due has not been made in accordance with 
the provisions of the Global Note within a period of 15 days from the giving of a notice by a holder with 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg of such Notes so represented and credited to its securities account 
that it wishes to accelerate such Notes, then holders of interests in such Global Note credited to their 
accounts with Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, will become entitled to 
proceed directly against the Issuer on the basis of statements of account provided by Euroclear, Clearstream, 
Luxembourg on and subject to the terms of a deed of covenant the form of which is set out in the Agency 
Terms (the "Deed of Covenant").

--- Page 306 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
 
- 291 - 
 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
Set out below is the form of Final Terms which will be completed for each Tranche of Notes issued under 
the Programme. 
FINAL TERMS 
[Date] 
BANCO COMERCIAL PORTUGUÊS, S.A. 
(a company with limited liability incorporated under Portuguese law) 
(the "Issuer") 
Legal entity identifier (LEI): JU1U6S0DG9YLT7N8ZV32 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] (the "Notes") 
under the €2,000,000,000 
Structured Medium Term Note Programme 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS - The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any 
retail investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a 
person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 
2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97, 
where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of 
MiFID II. Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No. 1286/2014 (as 
amended, the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available 
to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any 
retail investor in the United Kingdom ("UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is 
one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as 
it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); (ii) a 
customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the 
FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional 
client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic 
law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 
1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been 
prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail 
investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ELIGIBLE 
COUNTERPARTIES ONLY TARGET MARKET - Solely for the purposes of [the/each] 
manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the 
conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and professional clients only, 
each as defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II")][MiFID II]; and (ii) all channels for 
distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any 
negative target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a 
"distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a 
distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect 
of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ELIGIBLE 
COUNTERPARTIES ONLY TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] 
manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to 
the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA 
Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook ("COBS"), and professional clients, as defined in Regulation

--- Page 307 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
 
- 292 - 
 
 
(EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
("UK MiFIR"); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional 
clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling 
or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target 
market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product 
Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking its 
own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] 
target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / RETAIL INVESTORS, PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS 
AND ELIGIBLE COUNTERPARTIES TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] 
manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the 
conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties, professional clients and retail 
clients, each as defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II")][MiFID II]; EITHER [and (ii) 
all channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate, including investment advice, portfolio 
management, non-advised sales and pure execution services] OR [(ii) all channels for distribution to eligible 
counterparties and professional clients are appropriate; and (iii) the following channels for distribution of 
the Notes to retail clients are appropriate - investment advice[,/ and] portfolio management[,/ and][non-
advised sales][and pure execution services][, subject to the distributor's suitability and appropriateness 
obligations under MiFID II, as applicable]]. [Consider any negative target market]. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration 
the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible 
for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the 
manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels[, subject to 
the distributor's suitability and appropriateness obligations under MiFID II, as applicable].] 
[UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / RETAIL INVESTORS, PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS 
AND ELIGIBLE COUNTER PARTIES TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] 
manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to 
the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is retail clients, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of 
Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) 
Act 2018 ("EUWA"), and eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business 
Sourcebook ("COBS"), and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA ("UK MiFIR"); EITHER [and (ii) all channels for distribution 
of the Notes are appropriate, including investment advice, portfolio management, non-advised sales and 
pure execution services] OR [(ii) all channels for distribution to eligible counterparties and professional 
clients are appropriate; and (iii) the following channels for distribution of the Notes to retail clients are 
appropriate - investment advice[,/ and] portfolio management[,/ and][non-advised sales][and pure 
execution services][, subject to the distributor’s suitability and appropriateness obligations under COBS, as 
applicable]]. [Consider any negative target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target 
market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product 
Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking 
its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the 
manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels[, subject 
to the distributor’s suitability and appropriateness obligations under COBS, as applicable].]] 
[SINGAPORE SFA PRODUCT CLASSIFICATION: In connection with Section 309B of the Securities 
and Futures Act 2001 (2020 Revised Edition) of Singapore (as amended, the "SFA") and the Securities and 
Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2001 (2020 Revised Edition) of Singapore (the "CMP 
Regulations 2018"), the Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined in 
Section 309A(1) of the SFA), that the Notes are [prescribed capital markets products][capital markets 
products other than prescribed capital markets products] (as defined in the CMP Regulations 2018).

--- Page 308 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
 
- 293 - 
 
 
These Notes are not intended for, and are not to be offered to, the public in any jurisdiction of the EEA]5 
Any person making or intending to make an offer of the Notes may only do so[ 
(a) 
In those Non-exempt Offer Jurisdictions mentioned in Paragraph 9.6 of Part B below, provided 
such person is of a kind specified in that paragraph, a Dealer, Manager or an Authorised Offeror 
(as such term is defined in the Base Prospectus (as defined below)) and that the offer is made during 
the Offer Period specified in that paragraph and that any conditions relevant to the use of the Base 
Prospectus are complied with; or 
(b) 
otherwise]6 in circumstances in which no obligation arises for the Issuer or the Dealer to publish a 
prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or to supplement a prospectus 
pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation, in each case, in relation to such offer. 
Neither the Issuer nor the Dealer has authorised, nor do they authorise, the making of any offer of Notes 
in any other circumstances.]3 
 
PART A - CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the general conditions of the 
Notes (and, together with the applicable Annex(es), the "Conditions") set forth in the base prospectus dated 
23 December 2022 [and the supplement[s] to it dated [date] [and [date]] which [together] constitute[s] a 
base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation (the "Base Prospectus"). This document 
constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and 
must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus. Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the 
Notes is only available on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus. [An 
issue specific summary of the Notes (which comprises the summary in the Base Prospectus as amended to 
reflect the provisions of these Final Terms) is annexed to these Final Terms] 4. The Base Prospectus has 
been published on the websites of the Irish Stock Exchange plc, trading as Euronext Dublin 
(https://live.euronext.com/).] 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the general conditions of the 
Notes (and, together with the applicable Annex(es), the "Conditions") set forth in the base prospectus dated 
[date] [which are incorporated by reference in the base prospectus dated [date]]. This document constitutes 
the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and must be 
read in conjunction with the base prospectus dated [date] [and the supplement[s] to it dated [date] [and 
[date]] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation (the 
"Base Prospectus"), including the Conditions incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus. Full 
information on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes is only available on the basis of the combination of 
these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus. [A summary of the Notes is annexed to these Final Terms]5. 
The Base Prospectus has been published on the websites of the Irish Stock Exchange plc, trading as 
Euronext Dublin ("Euronext Dublin") (https://live.euronext.com/)]6 
 
The following alternative language applies in respect of issues of Notes where the Offer Period will 
continue after the expiration of the base prospectus under which it was commenced, provided that a 
succeeding base prospectus is approved and published no later than the last day of validity of the previous 
base prospectus 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the general conditions of the 
Notes (and, together with the applicable Annex(es), the "Conditions") set forth in the Base Prospectus 
dated 23 December 2022 [and the supplement[s] thereto dated [●]] (copies of which are available as 
described below) (the "2022 Base Prospectus"), notwithstanding the approval of an updated base 
prospectus which will replace the 2022 Base Prospectus (the "2023 Base Prospectus"). This document 
constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and 
must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus and (i) prior to the publication of the 2023 Base 
 
3 
To be deleted in respect of the issue of Notes having a maturity of less than 365 days as a commercial paper under the Programme 
and all language relating to compliance with the Prospectus Regulation hereunder shall be removed in such instances. 
4 
Include this wording if the Specified Denomination is less than €100,000 (or its equivalent in another currency). 
5 
Include this wording if the Specified Denomination is less than €100,000 (or its equivalent in another currency). 
6 
This alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was issued under a Base Prospectus 
with an earlier date.

--- Page 309 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
 
- 294 - 
 
 
Prospectus, must be read in conjunction with the 2022 Base Prospectus [as so supplemented] and (ii) after 
the publication of the 2023 Base Prospectus, must be read in conjunction with the 2023 Base Prospectus, 
save in respect of the Conditions which are extracted from the 2022 Base Prospectus [as so supplemented]. 
The 2022 Base Prospectus [as so supplemented] constitutes, and the 2023 Base Prospectus will constitute, 
a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation. 
Full information on the Issuer and the offer of Notes described herein is only available on the basis of a 
combination of these Final Terms and (i) prior to the publication of the 2023 Base Prospectus, the 2022 
Base Prospectus [as so supplemented] and (ii) after the publication of the 2023 Base Prospectus, the 2022 
Base Prospectus, save in respect of the Conditions which are extracted from the 2022 Base Prospectus [as 
so supplemented]. [A summary of the Notes is annexed to these Final Terms]7. The 2022 Base Prospectus 
[(including the supplements thereto)] has been, and the 2023 Base Prospectus will be, published on the 
websites of the Irish Stock Exchange plc, trading as Euronext Dublin ("Euronext Dublin") 
(https://live.euronext.com/)).] 
[Investors should note that if a supplement to or an updated version of the Base Prospectus is published at 
any time during the Offer Period (as defined below), such supplement or updated Base Prospectus as the 
case may be, will be published and made available in accordance with the arrangements applied to the 
original publication of these Final Terms. Any investors who have indicated acceptances of the Offer (as 
defined below) prior to the date of approval of such supplement or updated version of the Base Prospectus, 
as the case may be (the "Approval Date"), have the right within two working days of the Approval Date 
to withdraw their acceptances.]8 
[The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the 
"Securities Act") or the securities laws of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States, and the Notes 
may not be offered, sold, transferred, pledged, delivered, redeemed, directly or indirectly, at any time within 
the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, or by, any U.S. person. Furthermore, the Notes do 
not constitute, and have not been marketed as, contracts of sale of a commodity for future delivery (or 
options thereon) subject to the U.S. Commodity Exchange Act, as amended (the "CEA"), and trading in 
the Notes has not been approved by the U.S. Commodity Futures Trading Commission (the "CFTC") 
pursuant to the CEA, and no U.S. person may at any time trade or maintain a position in the Notes. For a 
description of the restrictions on offers and sales of the Notes, see "Subscription and Sale" in the Base 
Prospectus. 
As used herein, "U.S. person" includes any "U.S. person" or person that is not a "non-United States 
person" as such terms are defined in Regulation S and in regulations adopted under the CEA, respectively.]9 
[These Final Terms may be considered structured products in Switzerland. They are not collective 
investment schemes within the meaning of the Swiss Federal Act on Collective Investment Schemes 
("CISA"). Accordingly, they are not subject to the supervision of the Swiss Financial Market Supervisory 
Authority, FINMA. [The Notes are not being distributed to non-qualified investors in or from Switzerland 
and neither these Final Terms nor any offering materials relating to the Notes may be available to non-
qualified investors in or from Switzerland. Distribution of the Notes of these Final Terms in or from 
Switzerland is only made by way of private placement to, and is directed exclusively at, qualified investors 
(as defined in the CISA and its implementing ordinance). Each copy of these Final Terms is addressed to a 
specifically named recipient and shall not be passed on to a third party.]10]11 
Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not applicable". Note that the numbering should 
remain as set out below, even if "Not applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs or subparagraphs 
(in which case the sub-paragraphs of the paragraphs which are not applicable can be deleted). Italics 
denote directions for completing the Final Terms. Where the context so permits, Terms in these Final Terms 
may be attributed a numerical or letter suffix value when included hereon. Without limitation, the suffix 
can be denoted as "j", "k", "m", "q", "n", "t" or "i" and the term may be completed on the basis of the 
number or numbers represented by j, k, m, q, n, t or i, as chosen at the time of an issue of Notes. When 
 
7 
Include this wording if the Specified Denomination is less than €100,000 (or its equivalent in another currency). 
8 
Include this where the Offer Period will continue after the expiration of the base prospectus under which it was commenced, 
provided that a succeeding base prospectus is approved and published no later than the last day of validity of the previous base 
prospectus. 
9 
Include for Restricted Notes or Notes that have been determined to be permanently prohibited from being offered, sold, resold, 
transferred, pledged or delivered in the United States or to a U.S. person. 
10 
Delete where offer intended to non-qualified investors in or from Switzerland. 
11 
Delete where no offer into Switzerland is intended.

--- Page 310 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
 
- 295 - 
 
 
applicable and in order to improve the reading and intelligibility of the formula(e) in the Final Terms, the 
applicable suffixes may be included, completed and explained and may be presented as a table, if necessary, 
in the Final Terms. 
When used in these Final Terms, "Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended. 
1. 
 (a) 
Issuer: 
Banco Comercial Português, S.A. 
 
(b) 
[Principal Paying Agent][Portuguese 
Paying Agent]: 
[Banco Comercial Português, S.A.][specify 
name] 
 
(c) 
Calculation Agent: 
[Banco Comercial Português, S.A.][specify 
name] 
2. 
 (a) 
Series Number: 
[specify] 
 
(b) 
Tranche Number: 
[specify] 
 
(c) 
Date on which the Notes will be 
consolidated and form a single 
Series: 
The Notes will be consolidated and form a 
single Series with [identify earlier Tranches] 
on [the Issue Date][the date that is 40 days 
after the Issue Date][exchange of the 
Temporary Global Note for interests in the 
Permanent Global Note, as referred to in 
paragraph 46 below, which is expected to 
occur on or about [date]][Not applicable] 
 
(d) 
Applicable Annex(es): 
[Not applicable] 
 
 
[Annex 1: Additional Terms and Conditions 
for Payouts] 
 
 
[Annex 2: Additional Terms and Conditions 
for Index Linked Notes] 
 
 
[Annex 3: Additional Terms and Conditions 
for Equity Linked Notes] 
 
 
[Annex 4: Additional Terms and Conditions 
for Inflation Linked Notes] 
 
 
[Annex 5: Additional Terms and Conditions 
for Fund Linked Notes] 
 
 
[Annex 6: Additional Terms and Conditions 
for Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked 
Notes] 
 
 
[Annex 7: Additional Terms and Conditions 
for Credit Linked Notes] 
 
 
(More than one Annex may apply) 
3. 
 Specified Notes Currency or Currencies: 
[specify] [(the "SER Subject Currency") for 
the purpose of the Specified Denomination 
and calculations [and payments other than 
those to which the Settlement Exchange Rate 
Provisions are specified to apply;] and 
(payments [to which the Settlement Exchange 
Rate Provisions are specified to apply] shall 
be made in [specify] (the "Settlement 
Currency")]

--- Page 311 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
 
- 296 - 
 
 
4. 
 Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
 
 
(a) 
Series: 
[specify] 
 
 
[The Notes are Partly Paid Notes and [(For 
Partly Paid Notes, specify the dates and 
amounts for the payment of aggregate 
nominal amount)]] 
 
(b) 
Tranche: 
[specify] 
5. 
 Issue Price: 
[specify]% of the Aggregate Nominal 
Amount [plus accrued interest from [insert 
date] (if applicable)] [converted into the 
Settlement Currency at the Initial SER, being 
[specify amount] in respect of the Aggregate 
Nominal Amount where "Initial SER" means 
[specify]] 
6. 
 (a) 
Specified Denomination(s): 
[specify] 
 
(b) 
Minimum Tradable Amount: 
[specify][Not applicable] 
 
 
(If the Specified Denomination is less than 
€100,000 the Notes must have a Minimum 
Tradable Amount of €100,000 (or equivalent) 
in order to benefit from the wholesale 
exemption set out in Article 4(c) of the 
Prospectus Regulation) 
 
(c) 
Calculation Amount (in relation to 
calculation of interest in global form 
see Conditions): 
[specify][(Insert the following in the case of 
Instalment 
Notes): 
(the 
"Original 
Calculation Amount") minus, for the 
purposes of any calculation by reference to 
the Calculation Amount on any day, the sum 
of the Instalment Amounts paid prior to the 
relevant day [save for the purposes of 
calculation of any [Interest Amount][Final 
Redemption 
Amount][Early 
Redemption 
Amount][Automatic 
Early 
Redemption 
Amount][Optional 
Redemption 
Amount][Entitlement 
Amount] 
[[payable][deliverable] on [specify]] for 
which purposes the Original Calculation 
Amount will continue to apply.] 
 
 
(If only one Specified Denomination, insert 
the Specified Denomination. If more than one 
Specified Denomination, insert the highest 
common factor. Note: There must be a 
common factor in the case of two or more 
Specified Denominations.) 
7. 
 (a) 
Issue Date: 
[specify] 
 
(b) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[specify][Issue Date][Not applicable] 
 
 
(An Interest Commencement Date will not be 
relevant for certain Notes, for example Zero 
Coupon Notes.)

--- Page 312 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
 
- 297 - 
 
 
8. 
 Maturity Date: 
[The Interest Payment Date falling on or 
nearest to] [specify][or if that is not a Business 
Day the immediately [succeeding][preceding] 
Business Day [unless it would thereby fall 
into the next calendar month, in which event 
it will be brought forward to the immediately 
preceding Business Day] [(the "Scheduled 
Maturity Date")] [or such [later] date for 
redemption determined as provided in the 
[[Fund 
Linked][Credit 
Linked 
Conditions][or, in all circumstances if 
applicable, such later date for payment 
determined as provided in the Settlement 
Exchange Rate Provisions set out in Payout 
Condition 6.] 
9. 
 Interest Basis: 
[[specify] [per cent.] [per annum] Fixed Rate] 
 
 
[[EURIBOR/SONIA/SONIA 
Compounded 
Index/SOFR/SOFR 
Compounded 
Index/€STR] [specify CMS Rate][specify] 
[+/- [specify]%] Floating Rate 
 
 
[Specified Interest Amount] 
 
 
[Zero Coupon] 
 
 
[Reference Item Linked Interest: 
 
 
(specify one or more of the following) 
 
 
[Index Linked Interest] 
 
 
[Equity Linked Interest] 
 
 
[Inflation Linked Interest] 
 
 
[Reference Item Rate Linked Interest] 
 
 
[Fund Linked Interest] 
 
 
[Foreign Exchange 
(FX) 
Rate 
Linked 
Interest] 
 
 
[Combination Interest]] 
 
 
[and converted into the Settlement Currency 
by reference to the applicable Settlement 
Exchange 
Rate]][only 
in 
the 
specific 
circumstance set out in the Interest Rate 
Payout Formula]] 
 
 
(See paragraph 17 below) 
 
 
[Not applicable] 
10. 
 Redemption basis: 
[Redemption at [par][specify][see paragraph 
29 (Final Redemption Amount:) below] 
 
 
[Index Linked Redemption] 
 
 
[Equity Linked Redemption]

--- Page 313 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
 
- 298 - 
 
 
 
 
[Inflation Linked Redemption] 
 
 
[Reference Item Rate Linked Redemption] 
 
 
[Fund Linked Redemption] 
 
 
[Credit Linked Redemption] 
 
 
[Foreign Exchange 
(FX) 
Rate 
Linked 
Redemption] 
 
 
[Combination Redemption] 
 
 
[Instalment] 
 
 
[and converted into the Settlement Currency 
by reference to the applicable Settlement 
Exchange Rate] [only in the specific 
circumstances set out in the Final Payout 
Formula] (see paragraph 14 below) [subject 
to Variation of Settlement, (see paragraph 45 
below) 
 
 
[(If the Final Redemption Amount is other 
than 100% of the nominal value on Issue the 
Notes may be derivative securities for the 
purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and 
the requirements of Annex XVII to the 
Prospectus Regulation will apply)] 
11. 
 Reference Item(s): 
[The following Reference Item(s)[(k)] [(from 
[k] = 1 to [[k][specify])] will apply [for 
[Interest][and][Redemption] 
determination 
purposes:][Not applicable] 
 
 
[For [k]=1][specify][insert description][(see 
paragraph [specify])] 
 
 
(Repeat if necessary) 
 
 
[and] 
 
 
[The following Reference Item(s)[(k)] [(from 
[k] = [specify] to [k] = [specify])] will apply 
[for [Redemption] determination purposes]: 
 
 
[For 
[k]=[specify]][specify][insert 
description][(see paragraph [specify])] 
 
 
(Repeat if necessary) 
12. 
 Put/Call Options: 
[Not applicable] 
 
 
[Noteholder Put Option] 
 
 
[Issuer Call Option] 
 
 
[(see paragraph[s] [32][33] below)] 
13. 
 Date of [Board] approval: 
[] [Not applicable] 
14. 
 Settlement Exchange Rate Provisions: 
[Not 
applicable][Applicable 
[in 
respect 
of][all 
payments] 
[payments 
of

--- Page 314 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
 
- 299 - 
 
 
[Interest][Principal] 
only][only 
those 
payments to which the Settlement Exchange 
Rate Provisions are specified to apply.] 
 
 
[(see paragraph[s] [specify] below)] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Settlement Exchange Rate: 
[Specify rate] [As per Payout Condition 6] 
 
 
(if a rate is specified then delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph). 
 
(ii) 
SER Valuation Date(s): 
[specify] [[specify] SER Scheduled Trading 
Days prior to the [scheduled] [specify each 
payment date]] 
 
 
(where different SER Valuation Dates apply 
to different payment dates, specify in respect 
of each applicable payment date) 
 
(iii) 
Provisions applicable to determining 
the Settlement Exchange Rate: 
For the purpose of the definition of Settlement 
Exchange Rate in Payout Condition 6: 
 
 
SER Price Source: [specify] 
 
 
SER Valuation Time: [specify] 
 
 
SER Scheduled Trading Day Jurisdiction: 
[specify] 
 
(iv) 
SER Disruption Events: 
[Price Source Disruption] 
 
 
[Illiquidity Disruption] 
 
 
[Dual Exchange Rate] 
 
 
[General Inconvertibility] 
 
 
[General Non-Transferability] 
 
 
[Material Change in Circumstance] 
 
 
[Nationalisation] 
 
 
[Price Materiality, where: 
 
 
SER Price Materiality Percentage: 
[specify][3]% 
 
 
SER Primary Rate: [specify][The rate 
determined as set out in the definition 
of Settlement Exchange Rate] 
 
 
SER Secondary Rate: [specify][SER 
First 
Fallback 
Reference 
Price 
[and]][SER 
Second 
Fallback 
Reference Price]]

--- Page 315 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
 
- 300 - 
 
 
 
(v) 
SER Disruption Fallbacks (for Price 
Source 
Disruption 
and 
Price 
Materiality only): 
The following Disruption Fallbacks apply in 
the following order: 
 
 
[Valuation Postponement] 
 
 
SER Number of Postponement Settlement 
Days: [[Two][specify]] [Business Days][SER 
Settlement Days] [specify] 
 
 
SER Maximum Days of Postponement: 
[specify] 
 
 
[First Fallback Reference Price, where: 
 
 
SER First Fallback Price Source: 
[specify] 
 
 
SER First Fallback Valuation Time: 
[specify] 
 
 
SER First Fallback Number of 
Settlement Days: [specify]] 
 
 
[Second Fallback Reference Price, where: 
 
 
SER Second Fallback Price Source: 
[specify] 
 
 
SER Second Fallback Valuation 
Time: [specify] 
 
 
SER Second Fallback Number of 
Settlement Days: [specify]] 
 
 
[Calculation Agent Determination] (specify 
fallbacks required and arrange order in 
which to be applied) 
 
(vi) 
SER Cumulative Events: 
[Not applicable][Applicable and Maximum 
Cumulative Days of Postponement means 
[specify]] 
 
(vii) 
SER Number of Settlement Days: 
[Two][Zero][specify other] [where SER 
Settlement Day Centre(s) means [specify]] 
 
(viii) 
SER Additional Disruption Event: 
(Specify each of the following which applies) 
[Change in Law] [Hedging Disruption] 
[Increased Cost of Hedging] 
 
 
[Trade Date means [specify]] 
15. 
 Knock-in Event: 
[Not applicable][Applicable: Knock-in Value 
[in respect of [a/the] Knock-in Determination 
Day] is [greater than][greater than or equal 
to][less than][less than or equal to] the 
Knock-in[Level][Price][[within][outside] the 
Knock-in Range] (Only applicable if a 
payment to be made in respect of the Notes is 
subject to a condition precedent that a Knock-
in Event has occurred. If not applicable,

--- Page 316 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
 
- 301 - 
 
 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
 
[The 
Reference 
Item 
Rate 
[1][2] 
is 
[greater][less] than [or equal to] the Knock-in 
Level] 
 
 
(Insert for Reference Item Linked Notes) 
 
(i) 
Knock-in Value: 
[insert definition from Payout Condition 5.2] 
 
(ii) 
Knock-in Level/Knock-in Price: 
[specify value or percentage] 
 
(iii) 
Knock-in Range: 
From and [including][excluding] [specify 
range of values, percentages, level, or prices 
etc] to and [including][excluding] [specify 
range of values, percentages, level, or prices 
etc] [Not applicable] 
 
(iv) 
Knock-in Determination Day(s): 
[specify][Each Scheduled Trading Day in the 
Knock-in 
Determination 
Period][Not 
applicable] 
 
 
[In the event that a Knock-in Determination 
Day 
is 
a 
Disrupted 
Day, 
[Omission][Postponement][Modified 
Postponement] will apply.] 
 
(v) 
Knock-in Determination Period: 
[specify][Not applicable] 
 
(vi) 
Knock-in Period Beginning Date: 
[specify][Not applicable] 
 
(vii) 
Knock-in Period Beginning Date 
Scheduled Trading Day Convention: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
 
(viii) 
Knock-in Period Ending Date: 
[specify][Not applicable] 
 
(ix) 
Knock-in 
Period 
Ending 
Date 
Scheduled Trading Day Convention: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
 
(x) 
Knock-in Valuation Time: 
[specify][Scheduled Closing Time][Any time 
on a Knock-in Determination Day][Not 
applicable] 
16. 
 Knock-out Event: 
[Not applicable][Applicable: The Knock-out 
Value [in respect of [a/the] Knock-out 
Determination Day] is [greater than][greater 
than or equal to][less than][less than or equal 
to] the Knock-out [Level][Price] [within] 
[outside] the Knock-out Range] 
 
 
(Only applicable if a payment to be made in 
respect of the Notes is subject to a condition 
precedent that a Knock-out Event has 
occurred. If not applicable, delete the 
remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
[The 
Reference 
Item 
Rate 
[1][2] 
is 
[greater][less] than [or equal to] the Knock-
out Level] 
 
 
(Insert for Reference Item Linked Notes)

--- Page 317 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
 
- 302 - 
 
 
 
(i) 
Knock-out Value: 
[insert definition from Payout Condition 5.2] 
 
(ii) 
Knock-out Level/Knock-out Price: 
[specify value or percentage] 
 
(iii) 
Knock-out Range: 
From and [including][excluding] [specify 
range of values, percentages, level, or prices 
etc] to and [including][excluding] [specify 
range of values, percentages, level, or prices 
etc] [Not applicable] 
 
(iv) 
Knock-out Determination Day(s): 
[[From 
and 
including][From 
and 
excluding][To 
and 
including][To 
but 
excluding][specify]] 
 
 
[specify][Each Scheduled Trading Day in the 
Knock-out 
Determination 
Period][Not 
applicable] 
 
 
[In the event that a Knock-out Determination 
Day 
is 
a 
Disrupted 
Day, 
[Omission][Postponement][Modified 
Postponement] will apply.] 
 
(v) 
Knock-out Determination Period: 
[specify][Not applicable] 
 
(vi) 
Knock-out Period Beginning Date: 
[specify][Not applicable] 
 
(vii) 
Knock-out Period Ending Date: 
[specify][Not applicable] 
 
(viii) 
Knock-out Period Beginning Date 
Scheduled Trading Day Convention: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
 
(ix) 
Knock-out Period Ending Date 
Scheduled Trading Day Convention: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
 
(x) 
Knock-out Valuation Time: 
[specify][Scheduled Closing Time][Any time 
on a Knock out Determination Day][Not 
applicable] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
17. 
 Interest: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Interest Period End Date(s): 
[specify][General 
Condition 
3(b)(i)(ii) 
applies][Not applicable] 
 
(ii) 
Business 
Day 
Convention 
for 
Interest Period End Date(s): 
[Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention][Modified Following Business 
Day Convention][Preceding Business Day 
Convention][Floating Rate Convention][Not 
applicable] 
 
 
(if unadjusted specify not applicable. If 
adjusted 
specify 
same 
Business 
Day 
Convention as for Interest Payment Dates) 
 
(iii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[specify] [or such later date for payment 
determined as provided in the Settlement

--- Page 318 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
 
- 303 - 
 
 
Exchange Rate Provisions set out in 
Condition 6 of the Payout Conditions]. 
 
(iv) 
Business 
Day 
Convention 
for 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention][Modified Following Business 
Day Convention][Preceding Business Day 
Convention][Floating Rate Convention][Not 
applicable] 
 
 
(If a Business Day Convention is specified for 
Interest Period End Date(s), unless Interest 
Payment Date(s) is (are) expressed to be a 
number of Business Days after the relevant 
Interest Period End Final Date, Interest 
Payment Date(s) must be subject to the same 
Business Day Convention) 
 
(v) 
Minimum Interest Rate: 
[[specify][per 
cent.][per 
annum]][Not 
applicable] 
 
 
(If a Minimum Interest Rate applies for each 
Interest Period, the Minimum Interest Rate 
shall be specified separately for each Interest 
Period) 
 
(vi) 
Maximum Interest Rate: 
[[specify][per 
cent.][per 
annum]][Not 
applicable] 
 
 
(If a Maximum Interest Rate applies for each 
Interest Period, the Maximum Interest Rate 
shall be specified separately for each Interest 
Period.) 
 
(vii) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360][Actual/Actual [(ICMA)][(ISDA)]] 
[Actual/365 
[(Fixed)][(Sterling)]] 
[Actual/360] [30/360/] [360/360] [Bond 
Basis] [30E/360 [(ISDA)]] [Eurobond Basis] 
[1/1] [1] [Not applicable] 
 
 
(Where Actual/Actual ICMA is applicable, 
insert Determination Date(s) below) 
 
 
(Repeat for each Interest Basis as necessary) 
 
(viii) 
Determination Date(s): 
[[specify][in each year]][Not applicable] 
 
 
(Only relevant where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual (ICMA). In which case, insert 
regular interest payment dates, ignoring issue 
date or maturity date in the case of a long or 
short first or last coupon) 
 
(ix) 
Rate of Interest: 
[In respect of each Interest Payment Date 
[(from 
[specify] 
to 
[specify])][falling 
[on][during the period from and including] 
[specify] 
[to 
and 
including 
[specify]] 
only]][Not applicable]]the Rate of Interest 
shall be determined by the Calculation Agent 
[as][in accordance with 
the 
following 
formula(s)]:

--- Page 319 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
 
- 304 - 
 
 
 
 
(The above formulation may be repeated as 
necessary for each relevant interest type 
below) 
 
 
[Fixed Rate] 
 
 
[Floating Rate] 
 
 
(In respect of the following, insert formula, 
relevant value(s) and other related definitions 
from Payout Condition 2.1 and relevant 
definitions from Payout Condition 5) 
 
 
[Rate of Interest (i)] 
 
 
[Rate of Interest (ii)] 
 
 
[Rate of Interest (iii)] 
 
 
[Rate of Interest (iv)] 
 
 
[Rate of Interest (v)] 
 
 
[Rate of Interest (vi)] 
 
 
[Rate of Interest (vii)] 
 
 
[Rate of Interest (viii)] 
 
 
[Rate of Interest (ix)] 
 
 
[Rate of Interest (x) – Range Accrual] 
 
 
[Rate of Interest (xi) – Digital One Barrier] 
 
 
[Rate of Interest (xii) – Strike Podium n 
Barriers] 
 
 
[Rate of Interest (xiii) – Ramses] 
 
 
[Rate of Interest (xiv) – Mozart] 
 
 
[Rate of Interest (xv) – Mozart Variable] 
 
 
[Rate of Interest (xvi) – Call with Individual 
Caps] 
 
 
[Rate of Interest (xvii) – Cappuccino] 
 
 
[Rate of Interest (xviii) – Best Replace] 
 
 
[Rate of Interest (xix) – Cliquet] 
 
 
[Rate of Interest (xx) – Cliquet Digital] 
 
 
[Rate of Interest (xxi) – Cliquet Digital Lock 
in] 
 
 
[Rate of Interest (xxii) – Digital Coupon One 
Condition Condition] 
 
 
[Rate of Interest (xxiii) – Digital Coupon Two 
Conditions]

--- Page 320 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
 
- 305 - 
 
 
 
 
[Rate of Interest (xxiv) – TARN] 
 
 
[Rate of Interest (xxv) – Ratchet] 
 
 
[Rate of Interest (xxvi) – Multiplier] 
 
 
[Rate of Interest (xxvii) – Barrier Count 
Condition] 
 
 
[Rate of Interest (xxviii) – Podium] 
 
 
[Rate of Interest (xxix) – Compensation] 
 
 
[Rate of Interest (xxx) – Dual Currency 
Digital Coupon] 
 
 
[Rate of Interest (xxxi) – Lock-in Coupon 
Barrier] 
 
 
(If the Rate of Interest is calculated by 
reference to Reference Items, Valuation 
Dates, Observation Dates etc. or is otherwise 
calculated differently in respect of each 
Interest Payment Date, above options may be 
repeated and numerical suffixes may be used 
to clarify which Reference Item, Rate of 
Interest, Valuation Date, Observation Date 
etc. applies in respect of the corresponding 
Interest Payment Date) 
 
 
[Not applicable] (insert for Specified Interest 
Amount Notes) 
18. 
 Fixed Rate Note Provisions: 
[Applicable[, in respect of [the][each] Interest 
Payment Date[s] falling [on][during the 
period from and including] [specify] [to and 
including [specify]] only]][Not applicable] 
 
 
(In respect of Credit Linked Notes) [, subject 
to the provisions of the paragraph "Credit 
Linked Redemption" and the Credit Linked 
Conditions] 
 
 
(If more than one fixed rate is to be 
determined repeat items (i) to (iii) of this 
paragraph for each such rate and, if Digital 
Coupon One Condition of Digital Coupon 
two Conditions apply distinguish between the 
Rate which is Rate A, the Rate which is Rate 
B and the Rate which is Rate C if applicable) 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Rate(s) of Interest: 
[[specify] [per cent. [per annum] payable 
[annually][semi-
annually][quarterly][monthly] in arrear on 
each Interest Payment Date][Not applicable] 
 
 
(Amend appropriately in the case of irregular 
coupons)

--- Page 321 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
 
- 306 - 
 
 
 
(ii) 
Fixed Coupon Amount(s): 
[[specify] per Calculation Amount][Not 
applicable] 
 
(iii) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[[specify] per Calculation Amount, payable 
on the Interest Payment Date[s] falling 
[in][on][specify]][Not applicable] 
19. 
 Floating Rate Note Provisions: 
[Applicable[, in respect of [the][each] Interest 
Payment Date[s] falling [on][during the 
period from and including] [specify] [to and 
including [specify] only]][Not applicable] 
[for purposes only of determining the "Rate" 
element of the Rate of Interest specified in 
item 17(ix)] (insert where "Rate of Interest (x) 
- Range Accrual" applies under item 17(ix)) 
 
 
(In respect of Credit Linked Notes) [, subject 
to the provisions of the paragraph "Credit 
Linked Redemption" and the Credit Linked 
Conditions] 
 
 
(If more than one floating rate is to be 
determined, repeat items [specify] to [specify] 
for each such rate and, if Digital Coupon One 
Condition of Digital Coupon two Conditions 
apply distinguish between the Rate which is 
Rate A, the Rate which is Rate B and the Rate 
which is Rate C if applicable) 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Specified Period(s): 
[specify length of period] [Not applicable] 
 
(ii) 
Manner in which the Rate of Interest 
and Interest Amount is to be 
determined: 
[Screen 
Rate 
Determination][ISDA 
Determination] 
 
 
 
 
(iii) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Reference Rate: 
[specify 
period] 
[month] 
[year] 
[[EURIBOR/SONIA/SONIA 
Compounded 
Index/SOFR/SOFR 
Compounded 
Index/€STR] [CMS Rate with a Designated 
Maturity 
of 
[insert 
years]] 
[specify 
Government Bond Yield Rate] [specify TEC 
Rate] [with a Designated Maturity of [insert 
year] 
 
(b) 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[specify] 
 
 
(Second day on which the TARGET2 System 
is open prior to the start of each Interest 
Period if EURIBOR)

--- Page 322 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
 
- 307 - 
 
 
 
(c) 
Specified Time: 
[specify] 
 
 
(which will be 11:00 am, Brussels time, in the 
case of EURIBOR) 
 
(d) 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[specify] (to be determined in accordance with 
General Condition 4(b)(iv)) 
 
 
(In the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters 
EURIBOR01 ensure it is a page which shows 
a composite rate or amend the fallback 
provisions appropriately) 
 
(e)        Observation Method: 
 
[Lag / Observation Shift] 
 
(f)         Lag Period: 
[5 / [●] TARGET Settlement Days/U.S. 
Government 
Securities 
Business 
Days/London Banking Days/Not Applicable] 
 
(g)         Observation Shift Period: 
[5 / [●] TARGET Settlement Days/U.S. 
Government 
Securities 
Business 
Days/London Banking Days /Not Applicable] 
(NB: A minimum of 5 should be specified for 
the Lag Period or Observation Shift Period, 
unless otherwise agreed with the Calculation 
Agent) 
 
 
(h)          Index Determination  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(i)          SONIA Compounded Index 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(j)        SOFR Compounded Index 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(k)         Relevant Decimal Place 
[●] [5] (unless otherwise specified in the 
Final Terms, it should be the fifth decimal 
place) 
 
(l)       Relevant Number of Index   
Days 
[●] [5] (unless otherwise specified in the 
Final Terms, the Relevant Number shall be 5) 
 
(iv) 
ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
 
(a)        ISDA definitions 
[2006/2021] ISDA Definitions 
 
 
(b) 
Floating Rate Option: 
[●] (If "2021 ISDA Definitions" is selected, 
ensure this is a Floating Rate Option included 
in the Floating Rate Matrix (as defined in the 
2021 ISDA Definitions)) 
 
(c) 
Designated Maturity: 
[●] (A Designated Maturity period is not 
relevant where the relevant Floating Rate 
Option is a risk-free rate)  
 
(d) 
Reset Date: 
[●] 
 
 
(In the case of a EURIBOR based option, the 
first day of the interest period) 
 
(e)         Compounding: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
Compounding Method: 
[Compounding with Lookback: 
 
Lookback: [[●] Applicable Business Days]/ 
[As 
specified 
in 
the 
Compounding/

--- Page 323 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
 
- 308 - 
 
 
Averaging Matrix (as defined in the 2021 
ISDA Definitions)]] 
 
 
 
 
[Compounding with Observation Period 
Shift: 
 
Observation Period Shift: [[●] Observation 
Period Shift Business Days]/ [As specified in 
the Compounding/Averaging Matrix (as 
defined in the 2021 ISDA Definitions)] 
 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business 
Days: [[●]/[Not Applicable]] 
 
 
 
 
[Compounding with Lockout: 
 
Lockout: [[●] Lockout Period Business 
Days]/[As specified in the Compounding/ 
Averaging Matrix (as defined in the 2021 
ISDA Definitions)]] 
 
[Lockout 
Period 
Business 
Days: 
[●]/[Applicable Business Days]] 
 
 
(f)         Averaging: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
Averaging Method: 
[Averaging with Lookback 
 
Lookback: [[●] Applicable Business Days]/ 
[As specified in the Compounding/Averaging 
Matrix (as defined in the 2021 ISDA 
Definitions)]] 
 
 
 
 
[Averaging with Observation Period Shift 
 
Observation Period Shift: [[●] Observation 
Period Shift Business Days]/ [As specified in 
the Compounding /Averaging Matrix (as 
defined in the 2021 ISDA Definitions)] 
 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business 
Days: [●]/[Not Applicable]] 
 
 
 
 
[Averaging with Lockout 
 
Lockout: [[●] Lockout Period Business 
Days]/ 
[As 
specified 
in 
the 
Compounding/Averaging Matrix (as defined 
in the 2021 ISDA Definitions)] 
 
Lockout 
Period 
Business 
Days: 
[●]/[Applicable Business Days] 
 
 
(g)       Index provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
Index Method: 
Compounded 
Index 
Method 
with 
Observation Period Shift 
 
Observation Period Shift: [●] Observation 
Period Shift Business Days

--- Page 324 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
 
- 309 - 
 
 
 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business 
Days: [[●] / Not Applicable]] 
 
 
(v) 
Linear Interpolation: 
[Not applicable][Applicable - the Rate of 
Interest for the [long][short] [first][last] 
Interest Period shall be calculated using 
Linear Interpolation (specify for each short or 
long interest period)] 
 
 
(vi) 
Margin(s): 
[[+/-][specify][per 
cent][per 
annum][Not 
applicable] 
 
(If a Margin applies for each Interest Period, 
the Margin shall be specified separately for 
each Interest Period) 
 
20. 
 Specified 
Interest 
Amount 
Note 
Provisions: 
[Applicable][Not 
applicable] 
(If 
not 
applicable 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Specified Interest Amount(s): 
[In respect of the [following] Specified 
Interest Payment Dates [from and including 
[[specify] to and including [specify]]], 
[specify] per Calculation Amount 
 
 
(repeat as necessary) 
 
(ii) 
Specified Interest Payment Date(s): 
[specify][[Each][The] Interest Payment Date 
falling on or nearest to] [specify][from and 
including [the Interest Payment Date falling 
on or nearest lo] [specify] to and including 
[the Interest Payment Date falling on or 
nearest 
to][specify]][, 
as 
adjusted 
in 
accordance 
with 
the 
Business 
Day 
Convention] 
21. 
 Zero Coupon Note Provisions: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
(In respect of Credit Linked Notes) [, subject 
to the provisions of the paragraph "Credit 
Linked Redemption" and the Credit Linked 
Conditions] 
 
(i) 
Accrual Yield: 
[specify]% [per annum] 
 
(ii) 
Reference Price: 
[specify] 
 
 
(If a different Reference Price and/or Accrual 
Yield applies to each Period, the Accrual 
Yield and/or Reference Price shall be 
specified separately for each such Period.) 
22. 
 Index Linked Interest Provisions: 
[Applicable] [in respect of [the][each] Interest 
Payment Date[s] falling [on][during the 
period from and including] [specify] [to and 
including [specify] only][Not applicable] [for 
the purposes of determining the "Rate of

--- Page 325 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
 
- 310 - 
 
 
Interest" specified in item 17(ix)] (insert 
where "Rate of Interest (x) - Range Accrual" 
applies under item 17(ix)) 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
(In respect of Credit Linked Notes) [, subject 
to the provisions of the paragraph "Credit 
Linked Redemption" and the Credit Linked 
Conditions] 
 
(i) 
Index/Basket of Indices: 
[specify] [Reference Item[s][k]] 
 
 
[Composite][non Composite] 
 
 
[Weighting: [[Not applicable][[specify] Each 
such Weighting shall be subject to adjustment 
in accordance with the Index Linked 
Conditions]] 
 
(ii) 
Index Currency: 
[specify] 
 
(iii) 
Exchange(s) and Index Sponsor: 
(a) 
the relevant Exchange[s] [is][are] 
[specify]; and 
 
 
(b) 
the relevant Index Sponsor is 
[specify]. 
 
(iv) 
Related Exchange: 
[specify][All Exchanges] 
 
(v) 
Screen Page: 
[specify] 
 
(vi) 
Strike Date: 
[specify][Not applicable] 
 
(vii) 
Strike Period [and Strike Days]: 
[specify 
Strike 
Period][Not 
applicable][specify applicable Strike Days in 
the period] 
 
(viii) 
Averaging: 
Averaging [applies][does not apply] to the 
Notes. [The Averaging Dates are [specify].] 
[See paragraph [specify] above] 
 
 
[In the event that an Averaging Date is a 
Disrupted 
Day 
Omission][Postponement][Modified 
Postponement] will apply.] 
 
 
[[Specified Maximum Days of Disruption 
will be equal to: [specify][five]] 
 
 
(If 
no 
Specified 
Maximum 
Days 
of 
Disruption are stated, Specified Maximum 
Days of Disruption will be equal to five) 
 
(ix) 
Coupon Valuation Date(s)/Period(s): 
[specify][Not applicable] 
 
(x) 
Coupon Valuation Time: 
[Scheduled Closing Time][Any time [on the 
relevant Coupon Valuation Date][during the 
Observation Period]] [[specify], being the 
time specified on the relevant [Coupon 
Valuation Date] or an Averaging Date, as the

--- Page 326 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
 
- 311 - 
 
 
case may be, for the calculation of the Interest 
Amount] 
 
 
(If no time is specified, the Coupon Valuation 
Time will be the Scheduled Closing Time) 
 
(xi) 
Observation Date(s): 
[specify][Not applicable] 
 
 
[In the event that an Observation Date is a 
Disrupted 
Day 
[Omission][Postponement][Modified 
Postponement] will apply.] 
 
(xii) 
Observation Period: 
[specify][Not applicable] 
 
(xiii) 
Exchange Business Day: 
[(All 
Indices 
Basis)][(Per 
Index 
Basis)][(Single 
Index 
Basis)] 
(standard 
election is All Indices Basis) 
 
(xiv) 
Scheduled Trading Day: 
[(All 
Indices 
Basis)][(Per 
Index 
Basis)][(Single Index Basis)][(Cross Asset 
Basis)] 
 
 
(must match election made for Exchange 
Business Day) 
 
(xv) 
Index Correction Period: 
[As set out in Index Linked Condition 
7][specify] 
 
(xvi) 
Disrupted Day: 
[As 
set 
out 
in 
the 
Index 
Linked 
Conditions][specify] 
 
(xvii) 
Index Adjustment Event: 
[As set out in Index Linked Condition 
2][specify] 
 
 
Delayed Redemption on Occurrence of Index 
Adjustment 
Event: 
[Applicable][Not 
applicable] 
 
(xviii) Additional Disruption Events: 
[Not applicable] [The following Additional 
Disruption Events apply to the Notes: 
 
 
(Specify each of the following which 
applies) 
 
 
[Change in Law] 
 
 
[Hedging Disruption] 
 
 
[Increased Cost of Hedging] 
 
 
[Increased Cost of Stock Borrow] 
 
 
[Loss of Stock Borrow] 
 
 
[The Trade Date is [specify].] (Only 
applicable if Change in Law and/or Increased 
Cost of Hedging is applicable) 
 
 
[The Maximum Stock Loan Rate in respect of 
[specify] is [specify]] (Only applicable if Loss 
of Stock Borrow is applicable)

--- Page 327 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
 
- 312 - 
 
 
 
 
The Initial Stock Loan rate in respect of 
[specify] is [specify] (Only applicable if 
Increased Cost of Stock Borrow is applicable) 
 
 
Delayed Redemption on Occurrence of 
Additional 
Disruption 
Event: 
[Applicable][Not applicable]] 
 
(xix) 
Market Disruption: 
Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will 
be equal to [specify][five][Not applicable] 
 
 
(If 
no 
Specified 
Maximum 
Days 
of 
Disruption are stated, Specified Maximum 
Days of Disruption will be equal to five) 
23. 
 Equity Linked Interest Provisions: 
[Applicable[, in respect of [the][each] Interest 
Payment Date[s] falling [on][during the 
period from and including] [specify] [to and 
including [specify]] only]][Not applicable] 
[for the purposes of determining the "Rate of 
Interest" specified in item 17(ix)] (insert 
where "Rate of Interest (x) - Range Accrual" 
applies under item 17(ix)) 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
(In respect of Credit Linked Notes) [, subject 
to the provisions of the paragraph "Credit 
Linked Redemption" and the Credit Linked 
Conditions] 
 
(i) 
Share(s)/Share Company/Basket of 
Shares/Basket Company: 
[specify] [Reference Item[s][k]] 
 
 
[Weighting: [Not applicable][specify] [Each 
such Weighting shall be subject to adjustment 
in accordance with the Equity Linked 
Conditions] 
 
(ii) 
Share Currency: 
[specify] 
 
(iii) 
ISIN of Share(s): 
[specify] 
 
(iv) 
Screen Page: 
[specify] 
 
(v) 
Exchange(s): 
[specify] 
 
(vi) 
Related Exchange(s): 
[specify][All Exchanges] 
 
(vii) 
Depositary Receipt provisions: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
 
(a) 
Details 
of 
Depositary 
Receipt: 
[specify name and ISIN code] 
 
(b) 
Underlying Shares: 
[specify] 
 
(c) 
Underlying Share Issuer: 
[specify] 
 
(d) 
Share Exchange: 
[specify] 
 
(viii) 
Strike Date: 
[specify][Not applicable]

--- Page 328 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
 
- 313 - 
 
 
 
(ix) 
Strike Period [and Strike Days]: 
[specify 
Strike 
Period][Not 
applicable][specify the applicable Strike Days 
in the Strike Period] 
 
(x) 
Averaging: 
Averaging [applies][does not apply] to the 
Notes. [The Averaging Dates are [specify] 
[See paragraph [specify] above] 
 
 
[In the event that an Averaging Date is a 
Disrupted 
Day, 
[Omission][Postponement][Modified 
Postponement] will apply.] 
 
 
[[Specified Maximum Days of Disruption 
will be equal to: [specify][five]] 
 
 
(If no Specified Maximum Days of Disruption 
are stated, Specified Maximum Days of 
Disruption will be equal to five) 
 
(xi) 
Coupon Valuation Date(s)/Period(s): 
[specify][Not applicable] 
 
(xii) 
Coupon Valuation Time: 
[Scheduled Closing Time][Any time [on the 
relevant Coupon Valuation Date][during the 
Observation Period]] [[specify], being the 
time specified on the relevant [Coupon 
Valuation Date] or an Averaging Date, as the 
case may be, for the calculation of the Interest 
Amount] 
 
 
(If no time is specified, the Coupon Valuation 
Time will be the Scheduled Closing Time) 
 
(xiii) 
Observation Date(s): 
[specify][Not applicable] 
 
 
[In the event that an Observation Date is a 
Disrupted 
Day, 
[Omission][Postponement][Modified 
Postponement] will apply] 
 
(xiv) 
Observation Period: 
[specify][Not applicable] 
 
(xv) 
Exchange Business Day: 
[(All 
Shares 
Basis)][(Per 
Share 
Basis)][(Single Share Basis)][(Cross Asset 
Basis)] 
 
(xvi) 
Scheduled Trading Day: 
[(All 
Shares 
Basis)][(Per 
Share 
Basis)][(Single Share Basis)][(Cross Asset 
Basis)] 
 
 
(Must match election for Exchange Business 
Day) 
 
(xvii) 
Share Correction Period: 
[As set out in Equity Linked Condition 
8][specify] 
 
(xviii) Disrupted Day: 
[As set out in Equity Linked Condition 
8][specify] 
 
(xix) 
Market Disruption: 
Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will 
be equal to [specify][five][Not applicable]

--- Page 329 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
 
- 314 - 
 
 
 
 
(If no Specified Maximum Days of Disruption 
is stated, Specified Maximum Days of 
Disruption will be equal to five) 
 
(xx) 
Extraordinary Events: 
[Not applicable][In addition] to [De-Listing, 
Insolvency, 
Merger 
Event 
and 
Nationalization], 
[the 
following 
Extraordinary Events apply to the Notes]: 
 
 
(specify each of the following which applies) 
 
 
[Tender Offer] 
 
 
[Listing Change] 
 
 
[Listing Suspension] 
 
 
[Illiquidity] 
 
 
[Delayed Redemption on Occurrence of 
Extraordinary Disruption Event] 
 
(xxi) 
Additional Disruption Events: 
[Not applicable][The following Additional 
Disruption Events apply to the Notes: 
 
 
(Specify each of the following which applies) 
 
 
[Change in Law] 
 
 
[Hedging Disruption] 
 
 
[Insolvency Filing] 
 
 
[Failure to Deliver due to Illiquidity] 
 
 
(Only applicable in the case of Physically 
Settled Notes - Failure to Deliver due to 
Illiquidity is applicable to certain Share 
Linked Notes. Careful consideration should 
be given to whether Failure to Deliver due to 
Illiquidity would apply to other Physically 
Settled Notes) 
 
 
[Increased Cost of Hedging] 
 
 
[Increased Cost of Stock Borrow] 
 
 
[Loss of Stock Borrow] 
 
 
[Stop-Loss Event] 
 
 
[Stop-Loss Event Percentage: [specify]%] 
 
 
[The Trade Date is [specify]] (Only applicable 
if Change in Law and/or Increased Cost of 
Hedging is applicable) 
 
 
[The Maximum Stock Loan Rate in respect of 
[specify in relation to each relevant Share] is 
[specify]] (Only applicable if Loss of Stock 
Borrow is applicable)

--- Page 330 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
 
- 315 - 
 
 
 
 
[[The Initial Stock Loan rate in respect of 
[specify in relation to each relevant Share] is 
[specify]] (Only applicable if Increased Cost 
of Stock Borrow is applicable)] 
 
 
Delayed Redemption on Occurrence of 
Additional 
Disruption 
Event: 
[Applicable][Not applicable]] 
24. 
 Inflation Linked Interest Provisions: 
[Applicable[, in respect of [the][each] Interest 
Payment Date[s] falling [on][during the 
period from and including] [specify] [to and 
including [specify]] only]][Not applicable] 
[for the purposes of determining the "Rate of 
Interest" specified in item 17(ix)] (insert 
where "Rate of Interest (x) – Range Accrual" 
applied under item 17(ix)) 
 
 
(In respect of Credit Linked Notes) [, subject 
to the provisions of the paragraph "Credit 
Linked Redemption" and the Credit Linked 
Conditions] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs f this paragraph) 
 
 
(If more than one Inflation Rate is to be 
determined, repeat items (i) to (ix) for each 
such Inflation Rate and, if Digital Coupon 
One Condition of Digital Coupon two 
Conditions apply distinguish between the 
Rate which is Rate A, the Rate which is Rate 
B and the Rate which is Rate C if applicable) 
 
(i) 
Index / Indices: 
[specify] [Reference Item[s][(k)]] 
 
 
(Set out each Index level and insert "in 
respect of [specify date]" following each 
Index level) 
 
(ii) 
Screen Page/Exchange/ CODE: 
[specify] 
 
(iii) 
Cut-Off Date: 
[As 
per 
the 
Inflation 
Linked 
Conditions][specify] 
 
(iv) 
Related Bond: 
[specify][Fall Back Bond][Not applicable] 
 
(v) 
Fallback Bond: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
 
(vi) 
Index Sponsor: 
[specify] 
 
(vii) 
Related Bond Redemption Event: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
 
(viii) 
Strike Date: 
[specify][Not applicable] 
 
(ix) 
Strike Period [and Strike Days]: 
[Specify 
Strike 
Period][Not 
applicable][Specify the applicable Strike 
Days in the Strike Period] 
 
(x) 
Determination Date 
[specify][Not applicable]

--- Page 331 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
 
- 316 - 
 
 
 
(xi) 
Additional Disruption Events: 
[Not applicable][The following Additional 
Disruption Events apply to the Notes: 
 
 
(Specify each of the following which applies) 
 
 
[Change in Law] 
 
 
[Hedging Disruption] 
 
 
[Increased Cost of Hedging] 
 
 
[The Trade Date is [specify]. (Only applicable 
if Change in Law and/or Increased Cost of 
Hedging is applicable)]] 
25. 
 Fund Linked Interest Provisions: 
[Applicable[, in respect of [the][each] Interest 
Payment Date[s] falling [on][during the 
period from and including] [specify] [to and 
including [specify]] only]][Not applicable] 
[for the purposes of determining the "Rate of 
Interest" specified in item 17(ix)] (insert 
where "Rate of Interest (x) - Range Accrual" 
applies under item 17(ix)), 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
(In respect of Credit Linked Notes) [, subject 
to the provisions of the paragraph "Credit 
Linked Redemption" and the Credit Linked 
Conditions] 
 
(i) 
Fund/Fund Basket(s): 
[specify] [Reference Item[s][(k)]] 
 
 
[The [specify] Fund is an Exchange Traded 
Fund] 
 
 
[The NAV per Fund Share will be purchased 
on [specify]] (include for funds that are not 
ETFs) (where the Fund is not an ETF, for 
listed Notes, the Fund must be a UCITS Fund 
or an investment fund authorised by the 
Central Bank of Ireland or the Competent 
Authority of another EU Member State) 
 
(ii) 
Fund Shares: 
[specify] 
 
 
[Weighting: [specify][Not applicable] Each 
such Weighting shall be subject to adjustment 
in accordance with the Fund Linked 
Conditions] 
 
(iii) 
Exchange: 
[specify][Not applicable] 
 
 
(only applicable to ETFs) 
 
 
(If "Not applicable" then for listed Notes, the 
Fund must be a UCITS Fund or an investment 
fund authorised by the Central Bank of 
Ireland or the Competent Authority of another 
EU Member State)

--- Page 332 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
 
- 317 - 
 
 
 
(iv) 
Related Exchange: 
[specify][All Exchanges][Not applicable] 
 
 
(only applicable to ETFs) 
 
(v) 
Exchange Business Day: 
[specify][Not applicable] 
 
 
(only applicable to ETFs) 
 
(vi) 
Scheduled Trading Day: 
[(All Fund Share Basis)][(Per Fund Share 
Basis][Single Fund Share Basis)][(Cross 
Asset Basis)] 
 
 
(only applicable to ETFs) 
 
(vii) 
Strike Date: 
[specify][Not applicable] 
 
 
(only applicable to ETFs) 
 
(viii) 
Averaging: 
Averaging [applies][does not apply] to the 
Notes [The Averaging Dates are [specify]] 
[see paragraph [specify] above] 
 
 
[In the event that an Averaging Date is a 
Disrupted 
Day 
Omission][Postponement][Modified 
Postponement] will apply] 
 
 
[[Specified Maximum Days of Disruption 
will be equal to: [specify][five]] 
 
 
(If no Specified Maximum Days of Disruption 
are stated, Specified Maximum Days of 
Disruption will be equal to five) 
 
(ix) 
Observation Date: 
[specify][Not applicable] 
 
 
In the event that an Observation Date is a 
Disrupted 
Date 
[Omission][Postponement][Modified 
Postponement] will apply 
 
(x) 
Observation Period: 
[specify][Not applicable] 
 
(xi) 
Coupon Valuation Date(s)/Period(s): 
[specify][Not applicable] 
 
(xii) 
Valuation Time (only applicable to 
ETFs): 
[Scheduled Closing Time][Any time [on the 
relevant Coupon Valuation Date][during the 
Observation Period]] [[specify], being the 
time specified on the relevant [Coupon 
Valuation Date] or an Averaging Date, as the 
case may be, for the calculation of the Interest 
Amount] 
 
 
(If no time is specified, the Valuation Time 
will be the close of trading on the Exchange) 
 
(xiii) 
Fund Service Provider: 
[specify][As set out in Fund Linked Condition 
7] 
 
(xiv) 
Fund Documents: 
[specify]

--- Page 333 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
 
- 318 - 
 
 
 
(xv) 
Fund Business Day: 
[(All Fund Share Basis)][(Per Fund Share 
Basis)][(Single Fund Share Basis)] 
 
(xvi) 
Initial Calculation Date: 
[specify][As set out in Fund Linked Condition 
7] [Not applicable] 
 
(xvii) 
Final Calculation Date: 
[specify][As set out in Fund Linked Condition 
7] [Not applicable] 
 
(xviii) Calculation Date(s): 
[specify][As set out in Fund Linked Condition 
7] [Not applicable] 
 
(xix) 
Exchange Rate: 
[specify][Not applicable] 
 
(xx) 
NAV Barrier: 
[specify][Not applicable] 
 
(xxi) 
NAV Trigger Percentage: 
[specify][As set out in Fund Linked Condition 
7] [Not applicable] 
 
(xxii) 
NAV Trigger Period: 
[specify][As set out in Fund Linked Condition 
7] [Not applicable] 
 
(xxiii) Number of NAV Publication Days: 
[specify][As set out in Fund Linked Condition 
7] [Not applicable] 
 
(xxiv) Basket Trigger Level: 
[specify][As set out in Fund Linked Condition 
7] [Not applicable] 
 
(xxv) 
Termination Amounts: 
[Principal 
Protected 
Termination 
Amount][Non-Principal 
Protected 
Termination Amount][Not applicable] 
 
(xxvi) Termination Date: 
[specify][Not applicable] 
 
(xxvii) Protected Amount: 
[specify][Not applicable] 
 
(xxviii) Simple Interest Spread: 
[specify][As set out in Fund Linked Condition 
7] [Not applicable] 
 
(xxix) Spread: 
[specify][Not applicable] 
 
(xxx) 
Market Disruption: 
[Not applicable][Specified Maximum Days 
of Disruption will be equal to [specify][five]] 
 
 
(if no Specified Maximum Days of Disruption 
are stated, Specified Maximum Days of 
Disruption will be equal to five) 
 
(xxxi) Extraordinary Fund Event: 
As set out in Fund Linked Condition 4 
 
 
Delayed Redemption on the Occurrence of an 
Extraordinary Fund Event: [Applicable][Not 
applicable] 
 
(xxxii) Additional 
Extraordinary 
Fund 
Event: 
[Not applicable][The following Additional 
Disruption Events apply to the Notes: 
 
 
(Specify each of the following which applies) 
 
 
[Change in Law] 
 
 
[Hedging Disruption]

--- Page 334 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
 
- 319 - 
 
 
 
 
[Increased Cost of Hedging] 
 
 
[The Trade Date is [specify]] (only applicable 
if Change in Law and/or Increased Cost of 
Hedging is applicable) 
 
 
(Specify 
whether 
each 
Additional 
Extraordinary Fund Event is a Substitution 
Event or a Termination Event) 
 
(xxxiii) Delayed Payment Cut-Off Date: 
[As set out in Fund Linked Condition 
6][specify] 
26. 
 Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked 
Interest Provisions: 
[Applicable[, in respect of [the][each] Interest 
Payment Date[s] falling [on][during the 
period from and including] [specify] [to and 
including [specify]] only]][Not applicable] 
[for the purposes of determining the "Rate of 
Interest" specified in item 17(ix)] (insert 
where "Rate of Interest (x) - Range Accrual" 
applies under item 17(ix)) 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
(In respect of Credit Linked Notes) [, subject 
to the provisions of the paragraph "Credit 
Linked Redemption" and the Credit Linked 
Conditions] 
 
(i) 
Base Currency: 
[specify][Not 
applicable][For 
Reference 
Item[(k)]: [insert]] 
 
(ii) 
Subject Currency/Currencies: 
[specify][Not 
applicable][For 
Reference 
Item[(k)]: 
[insert]] 
[and 
EM 
Foreign 
Exchange Rate Provisions apply to such 
Subject Currency] 
 
(iii) 
Additional Disruption Event: 
(Specify each of the following which applies) 
[Change in Law] [Hedging Disruption] 
[Increased Cost of Hedging] 
 
 
[Trade Date means [specify]] 
 
(iv) 
Averaging: 
Averaging [applies][does not apply] to the 
Notes. [The Averaging Dates are [specify]] 
[see paragraph [specify] above] 
 
 
[In the event that an Averaging Date is a 
Disrupted 
Day 
Omission][Postponement][Modified 
Postponement] will apply] 
 
 
[[Specified Maximum Days of Disruption 
will be equal to: [specify][five]] 
 
 
(if no Specified Maximum Days of Disruption 
are stated, Specified Maximum Days of 
Disruption will be equal to five) 
 
(v) 
Observation Date(s): 
[specify][Not applicable]

--- Page 335 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
 
- 320 - 
 
 
 
(vi) 
Observation Period: 
[specify][Not applicable] 
 
(vii) 
Strike Date: 
[specify][Not applicable] 
 
(viii) 
Strike Period [and Strike Days]: 
[Specify 
Strike 
Period][Not 
applicable][Specify the applicable Strike 
Days in the Strike Period] 
 
(ix) 
Coupon Valuation Date(s)/Period(s): 
[specify][Not applicable] 
 
(x) 
Provisions applicable where EM 
Foreign 
Exchange 
(FX) 
Rate 
Provisions do not apply to a 
Settlement Currency: 
[Applicable [in respect of [specify Subject 
Currencies to which these provisions apply 
where there is a Basket]]][Not applicable] 
 
 
(Where applicable for more than one Subject 
Currency, complete as relevant for each such 
Subject Currency) 
 
(a) 
Delayed Redemption on the 
Occurrence of a Disruption 
Event: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
 
(b) 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[specify][Not applicable] 
 
(c) 
Specified Maximum Days 
of Disruption: 
[Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will 
be equal to: [specify][five]][Not applicable] 
 
 
(If no Specified Maximum Days of Disruption 
are stated, Specified Maximum Days of 
Disruption will be equal to five) 
 
(d) 
Price Source: 
[specify] 
 
(e) 
Valuation Time: 
[specify][As per Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate 
Linked Note Condition 6] 
 
(xi) 
Provisions applicable where EM 
Foreign 
Exchange 
(FX) 
Rate 
Provisions apply: 
[Applicable [in respect of [specify Subject 
Currencies to which these provisions apply 
where there is a Basket]]][Not applicable] 
 
 
(Where applicable for more than one Subject 
Currency, complete as relevant for each such 
Subject Currency) 
 
(a) 
Provisions 
applicable 
to 
determining the Settlement 
Price: 
For the purpose of the definition of Settlement 
Price in Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked 
Note Condition 6 [and [specify the relevant 
Subject Currency where more than one 
Subject Currency]]: 
 
 
EM FX Price Source: [specify] 
 
 
EM Valuation Time: [specify] 
 
 
EM 
Scheduled 
Trading 
Day 
Jurisdiction: [specify] 
 
(b) 
EM Disruption Events: 
[Price Source Disruption] 
 
 
[Illiquidity Disruption]

--- Page 336 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
 
- 321 - 
 
 
 
 
[Dual Exchange Rate] 
 
 
[General Inconvertibility] 
 
 
[General Non-Transferability] 
 
 
[Material Change in Circumstance] 
 
 
[Nationalisation] 
 
 
[Price Materiality, where: 
 
 
EM Price Materiality Percentage: 
[specify][3]% 
 
 
EM Primary Rate: [specify][The rate 
determined as set out in the definition 
of Settlement Price] 
 
 
EM Secondary Rate: [specify][[EM 
First 
Fallback 
Reference 
Price 
[and]][EM 
Second 
Fallback 
Reference Price]] 
 
 
(Specify in respect of each Subject Currency 
where EM Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate 
Provisions apply to more than one such 
Subject 
Currency 
and 
different 
EM 
Disruption Events (or components thereof) 
also apply thereto) 
 
(c) 
EM Disruption Fallbacks: 
[EM Calculation Agent Determination] 
 
 
[EM First Fallback Reference Price, where: 
 
 
First Fallback EM FX Price Source: 
[specify] 
 
 
First Fallback EM Valuation Time: 
[specify] 
 
 
First Fallback EM Number of 
Settlement Days: [specify]] 
 
 
[EM Second Fallback Reference Price, 
where: 
 
 
Second Fallback EM FX Price 
Source: [specify] 
 
 
Second Fallback EM Valuation 
Time: [specify] 
 
 
Second Fallback EM Number of 
Settlement Days: [specify]] 
 
 
[EM Valuation Postponement] 
 
 
(Specify in respect of each Subject Currency 
where EM Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate 
Provisions apply to more than one such 
Subject 
Currency 
and 
different 
EM

--- Page 337 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
 
- 322 - 
 
 
Disruption 
Fallbacks 
(or 
components 
thereof) also apply thereto) 
 
(d) 
EM 
Maximum 
Days 
of 
Postponement: 
[specify] 
 
 
(Specify in respect of each Subject Currency 
where EM Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate 
Provisions apply to more than one such 
Subject 
Currency 
and 
different 
EM 
Disruption 
Fallbacks 
(or 
components 
thereof) also apply thereto) 
 
(e) 
EM Cumulative Events: 
[Not 
applicable][Applicable 
and 
EM 
Maximum Cumulative Days of Postponement 
means [specify]] 
 
 
(Specify in respect of each Subject Currency 
where EM Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate 
Provisions apply to more than one such 
Subject 
Currency 
and 
different 
EM 
Disruption 
Fallbacks 
(or 
components 
thereof) also apply thereto) 
 
(f) 
EM Number of Settlement Days: 
[Two][Zero][specify other number of days] 
[where Settlement Day Centre(s) means 
[specify]] 
 
(g) 
EM 
Number 
of 
Postponement 
Settlement Days: 
[[Two][specify]] 
[Business 
Days][EM 
Settlement Days] [specify] 
27. 
 Reference 
Item 
Rate 
Linked 
Interest/Redemption: 
[Applicable [, in respect of [the][each] 
Interest Payment Date[s] falling [on][during 
the period from and including] [specify] [to 
and including] [specify] only][Not applicable] 
[for the purposes of determining the "Rate of 
Interest" specified in item 17(ix)] (insert 
where "Rate of Interest x) - Range Accrual" 
applies under item 17(ix)) 
 
 
(In respect of Credit Linked Notes) [, subject 
to the provisions of the paragraph "Credit 
Linked Redemption" and the Credit Linked 
Conditions] 
 
 
[The [Floating][Fixed] Rate Note Provisions 
shall apply. For the purposes of determining 
the Reference Item Rate on the basis of 
elections in this paragraph] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
(If more than one Reference Item Rate is to be 
determined, include the following language: 
"Reference Item Rate [specify] is as follows:" 
and repeat items (i) to (vi)) below for each 
such Reference Item Rate) 
 
(i) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable][Not applicable]

--- Page 338 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
 
- 323 - 
 
 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Reference Item Rate: 
[specify 
period][month][year] 
[EURIBOR][CMS Rate with a Designated 
Maturity of [insert year][specify Government 
Bond Yield Rate][specify TEC Rate] [with a 
Designated Maturity of [insert years]] 
 
(b) 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[specify] 
 
 
(e.g: Second day on which the TARGET2 
System is open prior to the start of each 
Interest Period if EURIBOR. Where the Rate 
of Interest is being used other than for a 
Floating Rate Note, ensure that this is not 
specified in respect of an Interest Period and 
the relevant Range Accrual Day may be 
specified where relevant for Range Accrual 
Notes.) 
 
(c) 
Specified Time: 
[specify] 
 
 
(which will be 11:00 am, Brussels time, in the 
case of EURIBOR) 
 
(d) 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[specify] 
 
 
(In the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters 
EURIBOR01 ensure it is a page which shows 
a composite rate or amend the fallback 
provisions appropriately) 
 
(ii) 
ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Floating Rate Option: 
[specify] 
 
(b) 
Designated Maturity: 
[specify] 
 
(c) 
Reset Date: 
[specify] 
 
(iii) 
Reference Item Spread: 
[Reference Item Rate 1 minus Reference Item 
Rate 2][Not applicable] 
 
 
[See paragraph [][above][below] 
 
 
(If a Reference Spread applies for each 
Interest Period, the Reference Spread shall be 
specified separately for each Interest Period.) 
 
(iv) 
Coupon Valuation Date(s)/Period(s): 
[specify][Not applicable] 
 
(v) 
Rate Cut-Off Date: 
[specify] 
[See 
paragraph 
[specify][above][below][Not applicable] 
 
(vi) 
Business Day: 
As used in this item and for the purpose of 
determining the Reference Item Rate only, 
"Business Day" means [a day on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange

--- Page 339 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
 
- 324 - 
 
 
markets settle payments and are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign 
exchange and foreign currency deposits) in 
[specify] [A Target Settlement Day][[a "U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day", being 
any day except for a Saturday, Sunday or a 
day on which the Securities Industry and 
Financial Markets Association recommends 
that the fixed income departments of its 
members be closed for the entire day for the 
purposes of trading in U.S. government 
securities.] 
 
 
[Not applicable] 
28. 
 Combination Note Interest: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
 
 
(Applicable in relation to Interest linked to a 
combination of types of Reference Items) 
 
 
(If applicable, complete relevant prompts 
from Paragraphs [17] to [27] above) 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
29. 
 Final Redemption Amount: 
[Redemption at par][Calculation Amount * 
[specify]%][Calculation Amount * Final 
Payout] [, subject to [specify]][the application 
of the Settlement Exchange Rate Provisions 
[in the specified circumstances set out in the 
Final Payout Formula only]]] 
30. 
 Final Payout: 
[Not applicable] 
 
 
(In respect of the following, insert formula 
from Payout Condition 2.2 and relevant 
definitions from Payout Condition 5) 
 
 
[Redemption (i)] 
 
 
[Redemption (ii) – Call] 
 
 
[Redemption (iii) – Put] 
 
 
[Redemption (iv)] 
 
 
[Redemption (v) – Multiplier] 
 
 
[Redemption (vi) – Digital] 
 
 
[Redemption (vii) – Digital with Knock-in] 
 
 
[Redemption (viii) – Strike Podium n 
Conditions] 
 
 
[Redemption (ix) – Versus Standard] 
 
 
[Redemption (x) – Versus] 
 
 
[Redemption (xi) – Knock-in Standard] 
 
 
[Redemption (xii) – Twin Win]

--- Page 340 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
 
- 325 - 
 
 
 
 
[Redemption (xiii) – Himalaya] 
 
 
[Redemption (xiv) – Podium] 
 
 
[Redemption (xv) – Booster] 
 
 
Redemption (xvi) – Bonus] 
 
 
[Redemption (xvii) – Lock-in] 
31. 
 Automatic Early Redemption: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
 
 
(If applicable, specify one of the following) 
 
 
[ST Automatic Early Redemption][Target 
Automatic Early Redemption] (always insert 
"Target Automatic Early Redemption Event" 
in relation to Accumulated Coupon) 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Automatic Early Redemption Event: 
[In respect of [any][all] Automatic Early 
Redemption 
Valuation 
Date[s] 
[from 
(i)=[specify] 
to 
(i)=[specify]] 
[for 
[each][the][relevant][any][all] 
Automatic 
Early Redemption Valuation Period[s] [from 
([i])=[specify] to ([i])=[specify]] [,the] AER 
Value is: [greater than][greater than or equal 
to][less than][less than or equal to] the 
Automatic Early Redemption [Level][Price]] 
[within][outside] 
the 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption Range] (repeat as necessary) 
 
(ii) 
AER Value: 
[insert relevant value definition and where 
applicable relevant definitions from Payout 
Condition 5.1 and 5.2] 
 
(iii) 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption 
Payout: 
The Automatic Early Redemption Amount 
shall be determined in accordance with the 
following formula: 
 
 
(Insert relevant formula from payout annex) 
 
(iv) 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption 
Level/Price: 
[[specify] [per cent.]][Not applicable] 
 
(v) 
Automatic Early Redemption Range: 
From 
and 
[including][excluding][specify 
range of values, percentages, level, or prices 
etc] to and [including][excluding] [specify 
range of values, percentages, level or prices 
etc][Not applicable] 
 
(vi) 
AER Percentage: 
[specify]%][Not applicable] 
 
 
(insert where ST Automatic Early Redemption 
applies) 
 
(vii) 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption 
Date(s): 
[specify] [The date falling [specify] Business 
Days following [each][the] Automatic Early 
Redemption [Date][Period] in respect of 
which an Automatic Early Redemption Event

--- Page 341 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
 
- 326 - 
 
 
has occurred] [or such later date for payment 
determined as provided in the Settlement 
Exchange Rate Provisions set out in 
Condition 6 of the Payout Conditions]]. 
 
(viii) 
AER Additional Rate: 
[AER Rate][Insert relevant provisions from 
Payout Condition 5.1][Not applicable] 
 
 
[AER Rate DCF][Insert relevant provisions 
from Conditions] 
 
 
[AER Rate MT][Insert relevant provisions 
from Conditions] 
 
(ix) 
[(i)] Automatic Early Redemption 
Valuation Date(s): 
[specify] [Each [specify] [Scheduled Trading 
Day] falling within the [relevant] Automatic 
Early Redemption Valuation Period] 
 
 
(repeat as necessary) 
 
[(ii) Automatic Early Redemption 
Valuation Period(s):] 
[[from (i)=[specify] to [specify] [Each][The] 
period 
from 
[and 
including][but 
excluding][specify], to [and including][but 
excluding][specify] 
 
 
(repeat as necessary) 
 
(x) 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption 
Valuation Time: 
[specify][Scheduled Closing Time][Any time 
[on the relevant Automatic Early Redemption 
Valuation Date][during the Automatic Early 
Redemption Valuation Period]. 
 
(xi) 
Averaging: 
Averaging [applies][does not apply] to the 
Notes. [The Averaging Dates are [specify].] 
[See paragraph [specify] above] 
 
 
[In the event that an Averaging Date is a 
Disrupted 
Day 
[Omission][Postponement][Modified 
Postponement] will apply] 
 
 
[Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will 
be equal to: [specify][five] 
 
 
(If no Specified Maximum Days of Disruption 
are stated, Specified Maximum Days of 
Disruption will be equal to five) 
32. 
 Issuer Call Option: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[specify] [or such later date for payment 
determined as provided in the Settlement 
Exchange Rate Provisions set out in 
Condition 6 of the Payout Conditions]]. 
 
(ii) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Valuation 
Date(s): 
[specify][Not applicable] 
 
(iii) 
Optional Redemption Amount: 
[[specify] per Calculation Amount]

--- Page 342 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
 
- 327 - 
 
 
 
 
(Insert relevant Optional Redemption Amount 
in respect of each relevant Optional 
Redemption Date. These may be set out in a 
table or annexed to the Final Terms) 
 
(iv) 
If redeemable in part: 
 
 
(a) 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[specify][Not applicable] 
 
(b) 
Higher 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[specify][Not applicable] 
 
(v) 
Notice periods: 
Minimum period: [specify] 
 
 
Maximum period: [specify] 
 
 
[Not applicable] 
 
 
(When setting notice periods, the Issuer is 
advised to consider the practicalities of 
distribution 
of 
information 
through 
intermediaries, for example, clearing systems 
(which require a minimum of 5 business days' 
notice for a call) and custodians, as well as 
any other notice requirements which may 
apply, for example, as between the Issuer and 
the Agent.) 
33. 
 Noteholder Put: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[specify] [or such later date for payment 
determined as provided in the Settlement 
Exchange Rate Provisions set out in 
Condition 6 of the Payout Conditions]]. 
 
(ii) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Valuation 
Date(s): 
[specify][Not applicable] 
 
(iii) 
Optional Redemption Amount(s): 
[[specify] [per Calculation Amount][The 
Optional Redemption Amount shall be 
determined in accordance with the following 
formula: 
 
 
(Insert relevant formula from Payout Annex)] 
 
(iv) 
Notice periods: 
Minimum period: [specify][Not applicable] 
 
 
Maximum period: [specify][Not applicable] 
 
 
(When setting notice periods, the Issuer is 
advised to consider the practicalities of 
distribution 
of 
information 
through 
intermediaries, for example, clearing systems 
(which require a minimum of 15 business 
days' notice for a put) and custodians, as well 
as any other notice requirements which may

--- Page 343 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
 
- 328 - 
 
 
apply, for example, as between the Issuer and 
the Agent) 
34. 
 Early Redemption Amount: 
[[specify] per Calculation Amount][As set out 
in General Condition 5] 
35. 
 Index Linked Redemption: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Index/Basket of Indices: 
[specify][Reference Item[s][(k)]] 
 
 
[Composite][Non Composite] 
 
 
[Weighting: [Not applicable][[specify] [Each 
such Weighting shall be subject to adjustment 
in accordance with the Index Linked 
Conditions]] 
 
(ii) 
Index Currency: 
[specify] 
 
(iii) 
Exchange(s) and Index Sponsor: 
(a) 
the relevant Exchange[s] [is][are] 
[specify]; and 
 
 
(b) 
the relevant Index Sponsor is 
[specify] 
 
(iv) 
Related Exchange: 
[specify][All Exchanges][Not applicable] 
 
(v) 
Screen Page: 
[specify][Not applicable] 
 
(vi) 
Strike Date: 
[specify][Not applicable] 
 
(vii) 
Strike Period [and Strike Days]: 
[Specify 
Strike 
Period][Not 
applicable][Specify the applicable Strike 
Days in the Strike Period] 
 
(viii) 
Averaging: 
Averaging [applies][does not apply] to the 
Notes. [The Averaging Dates are [specify]] 
[See paragraph [specify] above] 
 
 
[In the event that an Averaging Date is a 
Disrupted 
Day 
[Omission][Postponement][Modified 
Postponement] will apply] 
 
 
[Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will 
be equal to: [specify][five]] 
 
 
(If no Specified Maximum Days of Disruption 
are stated, Specified Maximum Days of 
Disruption will be equal to five) 
 
(ix) 
Redemption Valuation Date(s): 
[specify][Not applicable] 
 
(x) 
Redemption Valuation Time: 
[Scheduled Closing Time][Any time [on the 
relevant Redemption Valuation Date][during 
the Observation Period]] [[specify], being the 
time specified on the relevant [Redemption 
Valuation Date] or an Averaging Date, as the

--- Page 344 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
 
- 329 - 
 
 
case may be, for the calculation of the 
[Redemption Amount] 
 
(xi) 
Observation Date(s): 
[specify][Not applicable] 
 
 
[In the event that an Observation Date is a 
Disrupted 
Day 
[Omission][Postponement][Modified 
Postponement] will apply] 
 
(xii) 
Observation Period: 
[specify][Not applicable] 
 
(xiii) 
Exchange Business Day: 
[(All 
Indices 
Basis)][(Per 
Index 
Basis)][(Single Index Basis)][(Cross Asset 
Basis)] 
 
 
(standard election is All Indices Basis) 
 
(xiv) 
Scheduled Trading Day: 
[(All 
Indices 
Basis)][(Per 
Index 
Basis)][(Single Index Basis)][(Cross Asset 
Basis)] 
 
 
(must match election made for Exchange 
Business Day) 
 
(xv) 
Index Correction Period: 
[As set out in Index Linked Condition 
7][specify] 
 
(xvi) 
Disrupted Day: 
[As 
set 
out 
in 
the 
Index 
Linked 
Conditions][specify] 
 
(xvii) 
Index Adjustment Event: 
[As set out in Index Linked Condition 
2][specify] 
 
 
Delayed Redemption on Occurrence of Index 
Adjustment 
Event: 
[Applicable][Not 
applicable] 
 
(xviii) Additional Disruption Event: 
[Not applicable][The following Additional 
Disruption Events apply to the Notes: 
 
 
(Specify each of the following which applies) 
 
 
[Change in Law] 
 
 
[Hedging Disruption] 
 
 
[Increased Cost of Hedging] 
 
 
[Increased Cost of Stock Borrow] 
 
 
[Loss of Stock Borrow] 
 
 
[[The Trade Date is [specify] (only applicable 
if Change in Law and/or Increased Cost of 
Hedging is applicable)] 
 
 
[[The Maximum Stock Loan Rate in respect 
of [specify in relation to each relevant Share] 
is [specify] (only applicable if Loss of Stock 
Borrow is applicable)]

--- Page 345 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
 
- 330 - 
 
 
 
 
[[The Initial Stock Loan rate in respect of 
[specify in relation to each relevant Share] is 
[specify] (only applicable if Increased Cost of 
Stock Borrow is applicable)] 
 
 
Delayed Redemption on Occurrence of 
Additional 
Disruption 
Event: 
[Applicable][Not applicable]] 
 
(xix) 
Market Disruption: 
Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will 
be equal to [specify][five] 
 
 
(If no Specified Maximum Days of Disruption 
are stated, Specified Maximum Days of 
Disruption will be equal to five) 
36. 
 Equity Linked Redemption 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Share/Basket 
of 
Shares/Basket 
Company: 
[specify] [Reference Item[s][(k)]] 
 
 
[Weighting: [Not applicable][specify] [Each 
such Weighting shall be subject to adjustment 
in accordance with the Equity Linked 
Conditions]] 
 
(ii) 
Share Currency: 
[specify] 
 
(iii) 
ISIN of Share(s): 
[specify] 
 
(iv) 
Screen Page: 
[specify] 
 
(v) 
Exchange: 
[specify] 
 
(vi) 
Related Exchange(s): 
[specify][All Exchanges][Not applicable] 
 
(vii) 
Depositary Receipt provisions: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Details 
of 
Depositary 
Receipt: 
[specify name and ISIN code] 
 
(b) 
Underlying Shares: 
[specify] 
 
(c) 
Underlying Share Issuer: 
[specify] 
 
(d) 
Share Exchange: 
[specify] 
 
(viii) 
Strike Date: 
[specify] 
 
(ix) 
Strike Period [and Strike Days]: 
[specify 
Strike 
Period][Not 
applicable][specify the applicable Strike Days 
in the Strike Period] 
 
(x) 
Averaging: 
Averaging [applies/does not apply] to the 
Notes [The Averaging Dates are [specify]] 
[See paragraph [specify] above]

--- Page 346 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
 
- 331 - 
 
 
 
 
[In the event that an Averaging Date is a 
Disrupted 
Day 
Omission][Postponement][Modified 
Postponement] will apply.] 
 
 
[Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will 
be equal to: [specify][five]] 
 
 
(If no Specified Maximum Days of Disruption 
are stated, Specified Maximum Days of 
Disruption will be equal to five) 
 
(xi) 
Redemption Valuation Date(s): 
[specify] 
 
(xii) 
Redemption Valuation Time: 
[Scheduled Closing Time][Any time [on the 
relevant Redemption Valuation Date][during 
the Observation Period]] [[specify], being the 
time specified on the relevant [Redemption 
Valuation Date] or an Averaging Date, as the 
case may be, for the calculation of the 
[Redemption Amount] 
 
(xiii) 
Observation Date(s): 
[specify][Not applicable] 
 
 
In the event that an Observation Date is a 
Disrupted 
Date 
[Omission][Postponement][Modified 
Postponement] will apply 
 
(xiv) 
Observation Period: 
[specify][Not applicable] 
 
(xv) 
Exchange Business Day: 
[(All 
Shares 
Basis)][(Per 
Share 
Basis)][(Single Share Basis)][(Cross Asset 
Basis)] 
 
(xvi) 
Scheduled Trading Day: 
[(All 
Shares 
Basis)][(Per 
Share 
Basis)][(Single Share Basis)][(Cross Asset 
Basis)] 
 
(xvii) 
Share Correction Period: 
[As set out in Equity Linked Condition 
8][specify] 
 
(xviii) Disrupted Days: 
[As set out in Equity Linked Condition 
8][specify] 
 
(xix) 
Market Disruption: 
Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will 
be equal to [specify][five] 
 
 
(lf no Specified Maximum Days of Disruption 
are stated, Specified Maximum Days of 
Disruption will be equal to five) 
 
(xx) 
Extraordinary Events: 
[Not applicable][In addition to] [De-Listing, 
Insolvency, 
Merger 
Event 
and 
Nationalization,] the following Extraordinary 
Events apply to the Notes: 
 
 
[Tender Offer] 
 
 
[Listing Change] 
 
 
[Listing Suspension]

--- Page 347 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
 
- 332 - 
 
 
 
 
[Illiquidity] 
 
 
[Delayed Redemption on Occurrence of 
Extraordinary Disruption Event] 
 
(xxi) 
Additional Disruption Events: 
[Not applicable][The following Additional 
Disruption Events apply to the Notes: 
 
 
(Specify each of the following which applies) 
 
 
[Change in Law] 
 
 
[Hedging Disruption] 
 
 
[Insolvency Filing] 
 
 
[Failure to Deliver due to Illiquidity] 
 
 
(N.B. Only applicable in the case of Physical 
Delivery Notes - Failure to Deliver due to 
Illiquidity is applicable to certain Share 
Linked Notes. Careful consideration should 
be given to whether Failure to Deliver due to 
Illiquidity would apply to other Physical 
Delivery Notes) 
 
 
[Increased Cost of Hedging] 
 
 
[Increased Cost of Stock Borrow] 
 
 
[Loss of Stock Borrow] 
 
 
[Stop-Loss Event] 
 
 
[Stop-Loss Event Percentage: [specify]%] 
 
 
[The Trade Date is [specify]] (Only applicable 
if Change in Law and/or Increased Cost of 
Hedging is applicable) 
 
 
[The Maximum Stock Loan Rate in respect of 
[specify in relation to each relevant Share] is 
[specify]] (Only applicable if Loss of Stock 
Borrow is applicable) 
 
 
[The Initial Stock Loan rate in respect of 
[specify in relation to each relevant Share] is 
[specify]] (Only applicable if Increased Cost 
of Stock Borrow is applicable) 
 
 
Delayed Redemption on Occurrence of 
Additional 
Disruption 
Event: 
[Applicable][Not applicable]] 
37. 
 Inflation Linked Redemption: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
 
 
(lf not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Index/Indices: 
[specify] [Reference Item[s][(k)]] 
 
(ii) 
Screen page/Exchange/CODE: 
[specify]

--- Page 348 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
 
- 333 - 
 
 
 
(iii) 
Index Sponsor: 
[specify] 
 
(iv) 
Cut-Off Date: 
[As 
per 
the 
Inflation 
Linked 
Conditions][specify] 
 
(v) 
Related Bond: 
[specify][Fall Back Bond][Not applicable] 
 
(vi) 
Fall Back Bond: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
 
(vii) 
Related Bond Redemption Event: 
[As set out in Inflation Linked Condition 
4][specify] 
 
(viii) 
Strike Date: 
[specify][Not applicable] 
 
(ix) 
Strike Period [and Strike Days]: 
[Specify 
Strike 
Period][Not 
applicable][Specify the applicable Strike 
Days in the Strike Period] 
 
(x) 
Determination Date(s): 
[specify] 
 
(xi) 
Additional Redemption Event: 
[Not applicable][The following Additional 
Disruption Events apply to the Notes: 
 
 
(Specify each of the following which applies) 
 
 
[Change in Law] 
 
 
[Hedging Disruption] 
 
 
[Increased Cost of Hedging] 
 
 
[The Trade Date is [specify] (Only applicable 
if Change in Law and/or Increased Cost of 
Hedging is applicable)] 
38. 
 Fund linked Redemption: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
 
 
(lf not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Fund/Fund Basket: 
[specify][Reference Item[s][(k)]] 
 
 
[The [specify] Fund is an Exchange Traded 
Fund] 
 
 
[Weighting: [specify][Not applicable] [Each 
such Weighting shall be subject to adjustment 
in accordance with the Fund Linked 
Conditions]] 
 
(ii) 
Fund Shares: 
[specify] 
 
(iii) 
Exchange: 
[specify][Not applicable] 
 
 
(only applicable to ETFs) 
 
 
(If "Not applicable" then for listed Notes, the 
Fund must be a UCITS Fund or an investment 
fund authorised by the Central Bank of 
Ireland or the Competent Authority of another 
EU Member State)

--- Page 349 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
 
- 334 - 
 
 
 
(iv) 
Related Exchange: 
[specify][All Exchanges][Not applicable] 
 
 
(only applicable to ETFs) 
 
(v) 
Exchange Business Day: 
[Applicable: [(All Fund Shares Basis)] [(Per 
Fund Share Basis)] [(Single Fund Share 
Basis)] 
[(Cross 
Asset 
Basis)]] 
[Not 
applicable] 
 
 
(only applicable to ETFs) 
 
(vi) 
Scheduled Trading Day: 
[Applicable: [(All Fund Shares Basis)] [(Per 
Fund Share Basis)] [(Single Fund Share 
Basis)] 
[(Cross 
Asset 
Basis)]] 
[Not 
applicable] 
 
 
(only applicable to ETFs) 
 
(vii) 
Strike Date: 
[specify][Not applicable] 
 
 
(only applicable to ETFs) 
 
(viii) 
Strike Period [and Strike Days]: 
[specify 
Strike 
Period][Not 
applicable][specify the applicable Strike Days 
in the Strike Period] 
 
(ix) 
Averaging: 
Averaging [applies][does not apply] to the 
Notes 
[The 
Averaging 
Dates 
are 
[specify]][See paragraph [specify] above] 
 
 
[In the event that an Averaging Date is a 
Disrupted 
Day 
Omission][Postponement][Modified 
Postponement] will apply] 
 
 
[[Specified Maximum Days of Disruption 
will be equal to: [specify][five]] 
 
 
(If no Specified Maximum Days of Disruption 
are stated, Specified Maximum Days of 
Disruption will be equal to five) 
 
(x) 
Observation Date: 
[specify][Not applicable] 
 
 
In the event that an Observation Date is a 
Disrupted 
Date 
[Omission][Postponement][Modified 
Postponement] will apply 
 
(xi) 
Observation Period: 
[specify][Not applicable] 
 
(xii) 
Redemption Valuation Date: 
[specify][Not applicable] 
 
(xiii) 
Valuation Time (only applicable to 
ETFs): 
[Scheduled Closing Time][Any time [on the 
relevant Redemption Valuation Date][during 
the Observation Period]] [[specify], being the 
time specified on the relevant [Redemption 
Valuation Date] or an Averaging Date, as the 
case may be, for the calculation of the 
[Redemption Amount]

--- Page 350 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
 
- 335 - 
 
 
 
 
(If no time is specified, the Coupon Valuation 
Time will be the Scheduled Closing Time) 
 
(xiv) 
Fund Service Provider: 
[specify][As set out in Fund Linked Condition 
4] 
 
(xv) 
Fund Documents: 
[specify] 
 
(xvi) 
Fund Business Day: 
[specify][All Fund Share Basis][Per Fund 
Share Basis][(Single Fund Share Basis)] 
 
(xvii) 
Initial Calculation Date: 
[specify][As set out in Fund Linked Condition 
7][Not applicable] 
 
(xviii) Final Calculation Date: 
[specify][As set out in Fund Linked Condition 
7][Not applicable][Not applicable] 
 
(xix) 
Calculation Date(s): 
[specify][As set out in Fund Linked Condition 
7][Not applicable] 
 
(xx) 
Exchange Rate: 
[specify][Not applicable] 
 
(xxi) 
NAV Barrier: 
[specify][Not applicable] 
 
(xxii) 
NAV Trigger Percentage: 
[specify][As per the Fund Linked Condition 
7][specify][Not applicable] 
 
(xxiii) NAV Trigger Period: 
[As per the Fund Linked Conditions][specify] 
 
(xxiv) Basket Trigger Level: 
[specify][Not applicable] [As set out in Fund 
Linked Condition 7][Not applicable] 
 
(xxv) 
Number of NAV Publication Days: 
[specify] [As set out in Fund Linked 
Condition 7][Not applicable] 
 
(xxvi) Termination Amounts: 
[Principal 
Protected 
Termination 
Amount][Non 
Principal 
Protected 
Termination Amount][Not applicable] 
 
(xxvii) Protected Amount: 
[specify][Not applicable] 
 
(xxviii) Termination Date: 
[specify][Not applicable] 
 
(xxix) Simple Interest Spread: 
[specify][Not applicable][As set out in Fund 
Linked Condition 7] 
 
(xxx) 
Spread: 
[specify][Not applicable] 
 
(xxxi) Market Disruption: 
Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will 
be equal to [specify][five] 
 
 
(lf no Specified Maximum Days of Disruption 
are stated, Specified Maximum Days of 
Disruption will be equal to five) 
 
(xxxii) Extraordinary Events: 
As set out in the Fund Linked Conditions 
 
 
Delayed Redemption on the Occurrence of an 
Extraordinary Fund Event: [Applicable][Not 
applicable]

--- Page 351 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
 
- 336 - 
 
 
 
(xxxiii) Additional 
Extraordinary 
Fund 
Event: 
[Not applicable][The following Additional 
Disruption Events apply to the Notes: 
 
 
(Specify each of the following which applies) 
 
 
[Change in Law] 
 
 
[Hedging Disruption] 
 
 
[Increased Cost of Hedging] 
 
 
[Failure to Deliver due to Illiquidity] 
 
 
[The Trade Date is [specify] (Only applicable 
if Change in Law and/or Increased Cost of 
Hedging is applicable)] 
 
 
(Specify 
whether 
each 
Additional 
Extraordinary Fund Event is a Substitution 
Event or a Termination Event)] 
 
(xxxiv) Delayed Payment Cut-off Date: 
[As set out in Fund Linked Condition 
6][specify][Not applicable] 
39. 
 Credit Linked Redemption: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Type of Credit Linked Notes 
The 
Notes 
are 
[Single 
Reference 
Entity][First-to-Default] 
 
 
[Nth to Default] Credit Linked Notes [and the 
Relevant Number is [specify] (for Nth-to-
Default Credit Linked Notes)] [Non-Tranched 
Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes where 
Credit Payment [on Maturity] [As You Go] 
applies] [Tranched Linear Basket Credit 
Linked Notes] 
 
 
(a) 
[Credit Event Amount: [specify 
amount] (NB only use for zero/set 
recovery)[As set out in the Credit 
Linked Conditions] 
 
 
(b) 
Credit 
Event 
Payment 
Date: 
[[specify] (if other than three) 
Business Days] [As set out in the 
Credit Linked Conditions]] [or such 
later date for payment determined as 
provided in the Settlement Exchange 
Rate Provisions set out in Condition 
6 of the Payout Conditions] 
 
 
(NB: (a) and (b) are only applicable 
for Non-Tranched Linear Basket 
Credit Linked Notes to which Credit 
Payment 
As 
You 
Go 
applies, 
otherwise delete (a) and (b)) 
 
(ii) 
Credit Event Redemption Amount: 
[As set out in Credit Linked Condition 13]

--- Page 352 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
 
- 337 - 
 
 
 
 
[specify amount] (NB only use for zero/set 
recovery that are not Linear Basket Credit 
Linked Notes) 
 
(iii) 
Protected Amount: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
 
 
[specify amount if applicable] 
 
 
(NB: The Protected Amount shall be 
applicable in case of Single Reference Entity 
Credit Linked Notes, First-to Default Credit 
Linked Notes and Nth-to Default Credit 
Linked Notes where only part of the Nominal 
Amount is exposed to the relevant Reference 
Entity/es) 
 
(iv) 
Unwind Costs: 
[Applicable: 
[specify]][Standard 
Unwind 
Costs][Not applicable] 
 
(v) 
[(a)] Credit Event Redemption Date: 
[Credit Linked Condition 13 applies][(specify 
if other than three) Business Days] [or such 
later date for payment determined as provided 
in the Settlement Exchange Rate Provisions 
set out in Condition 6 of the Payout 
Conditions]]. 
 
[(b)] Maturity Credit Redemption: 
[Applicable][Not applicable]] (NB delete this 
line item (b) for Linear Basket Credit Linked 
Notes)] 
 
(vi) 
Settlement Method: 
[Auction 
Settlement][Cash 
Settlement][Physical Delivery] 
 
(see further items (xxix) to (xix) 
below) 
 
 
 
[Not applicable:] [Zero/Set Recovery Notes] 
[Tranched Linear Basket Credit Linked 
Notes] 
 
(vii) 
Trade Date: 
[specify] 
 
(viii) 
Calculation Agent City: 
[specify][as per the Physical Settlement 
Matrix] 
 
(ix) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Following][Modified Following][Preceding] 
Business Day Convention (insert only where 
no Business Day convention has been 
specified already for the Notes, otherwise 
delete.)] 
 
(x) 
Reference Entity(ies): 
[specify] [NB: these may be set out in the form 
of a table or by reference to a credit 
derivatives index setting out the applicable 
names (in which circumstances, include the 
following text and any details of the 
date/version 
of 
the 
referenced 
credit 
derivatives index: "Each Reference Entity 
comprising the [specify name of index] on the 
[Issue/Trade] Date. No adjustments to the 
terms of the Notes shall be made to reflect 
subsequent versions or reconstitutions of the

--- Page 353 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
 
- 338 - 
 
 
[specify name of index]."). All relevant items 
below should be completed in respect of each 
Reference Entity (repeating items where 
necessary) which may also be done by 
including the Reference Entities and such 
items in a table] 
 
(xi) 
Physical Settlement Matrix: 
[Applicable, [for which purpose the Date of 
the 
Physical 
Settlement 
Matrix 
is 
[specify]]][Not applicable] (if applicable, 
specify in relation to each Reference Entity its 
Transaction Type) 
 
(xii) 
Transaction Type: 
[Not applicable](insert in relation to each 
Reference Entity if item (xiii) applies. (e.g.: 
'European Corporate'.)) 
 
(xiii) 
Reference Entity Notional Amount 
[specify in respect of each Reference 
Entity]][Not applicable] 
 
(xiv) 
Reference Obligation(s): 
[specify] (NB: where Standard Reference 
Obligation is applicable and no Reference 
Obligation is cited on the SRO list or if 
Standard 
Reference 
Obligation 
is 
not 
applicable then insert) 
 
 
Standard 
Reference 
Obligation: 
[Not 
applicable][Applicable] 
 
 
Seniority Level: [Senior Level][Subordinated 
Level][As set out in Credit Linked Condition 
13] 
 
 
[Not applicable] (NB: this can only be 
specified for Physically Settled Credit Linked 
Notes - the Reference Obligation section must 
be inserted when Notes are Cash Settled) 
 
 
(NB: where Standard Reference Obligation is 
applicable and no Reference Obligation is 
cited on the SRO list or if Standard Reference 
Obligation is not applicable then insert (a)-
(e)) below, otherwise, delete) 
 
(a) 
Primary Obligor: 
[specify] 
 
(b) 
Guarantor: 
[specify] 
 
(c) 
Maturity: 
[specify] 
 
(d) 
Coupon: 
[specify] 
 
(e) 
CUSIP/ISIN: 
[specify] 
 
(xv) 
All Guarantees: 
[As 
per 
the 
Physical 
Settlement 
Matrix][Applicable][Not applicable] 
 
 
[Provisions relating to Qualifying Guarantee 
and Underlying Obligation: Credit Linked 
Condition 
17 
[Applicable][Not

--- Page 354 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
 
- 339 - 
 
 
applicable]](delete if Physical Settlement 
Matrix applies) 
 
(xvi) 
Credit Events: 
[As per the Physical Settlement Matrix] 
 
 
[Bankruptcy] 
 
 
[Failure to Pay] 
 
 
[Grace Period Extension] [Applicable][Not 
applicable] 
 
 
[If applicable: Grace Period: [specify]] 
 
 
[Obligation Default] 
 
 
[Obligation Acceleration] 
 
 
[Repudiation/Moratorium] 
 
 
[Restructuring] 
 
 
[Provisions relating to Restructuring Credit 
Event: 
Credit 
Linked 
Condition 
14: 
[Applicable][Not applicable][[Mod R/Mod 
Mod R] applicable]] 
 
 
[Provisions relating to Multiple Holder 
Obligation: Credit Linked Condition 15: 
[Applicable][Not applicable]] 
 
 
[Restructuring Maturity Limitation and Fully 
Transferable Obligation: [Applicable][Not 
applicable]] 
 
 
[Modified Restructuring Maturity Limitation 
and Conditionally Transferable Obligation: 
[Applicable][Not applicable]] 
 
 
[Governmental Intervention] 
 
(a) 
Default Requirement: 
[specify] [As set out in Credit Linked 
Condition 13] 
 
(b) 
Payment Requirement: 
[specify] [As set out in Credit Linked 
Condition 13] 
 
(xvii) 
Credit Event Determination Date: 
Notice of Publicly Available Information: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
 
 
[If applicable: 
 
 
Public Source(s): 
[specify] 
 
 
Specified Number: 
[specify]] 
 
(xviii) Obligation(s): 
 
 
(a) 
Obligation Category: 
[As 
per 
the 
Physical 
Settlement 
Matrix][Payment] 
[Borrowed 
Money] 
[Reference Obligations Only] [Bond] [Loan] 
[Bond or Loan]

--- Page 355 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
 
- 340 - 
 
 
 
 
(select one only) 
 
(b) 
Obligation Characteristics: 
[As per the Physical Settlement Matrix][Not 
Subordinated] [Specified Currency: [specify 
currency/Standard Specified Currency] [Not 
Sovereign Lender] [Not Domestic Currency: 
[specify currency]] [Not Domestic Law] 
[Listed] [Not Domestic Issuance] 
 
 
(select all of which apply) 
 
(xix) 
Additional Obligation(s): 
[specify] 
 
(xx) 
Excluded Obligation(s): 
[specify] 
 
(xxi) 
Domestic Currency: 
[As 
set 
out 
in 
the 
Credit 
Linked 
Conditions][Not applicable][specify] 
 
(xxii) 
Accrual of [Interest][Yield] upon 
Credit Event: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
 
 
[Continuing Accrual until scheduled maturity 
applicable] (Note: this option only to be 
specified if Maturity Credit Redemption 
applies) (Not relevant for Zero Coupon Credit 
Linked Notes) 
 
 
[Credit Linked Condition 5 not applicable] 
(this option only for Linear Basket Credit 
Linked Notes) 
 
(xxiii) Merger Event: 
Credit 
Linked 
Condition 
12: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
 
 
[If applicable: [Merger Event Redemption 
Date:[specify]] 
 
 
[Merger 
Event 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[specify]] 
 
(xxiv) Provisions relating to Monoline 
Insurer as Reference Entity: 
Credit 
Linked 
Condition 
16: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
 
(xxv) 
Provisions relating to LPN Reference 
Entities: 
Credit 
Linked 
Condition 
18: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
 
(xxvi) Redemption on failure to identify a 
Substitute Reference Obligation: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
 
Terms relating to Cash Settlement 
 
 
(delete section and renumber if not applicable 
as Settlement Method or Fallback Settlement 
Method) 
 
 
(xxvii) Valuation Date: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
 
 
[Single Valuation Date: [specify] Business 
Days] 
 
 
[Multiple Valuation Dates: [specify] Business 
Days; and each [specify] Business Days

--- Page 356 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
 
- 341 - 
 
 
thereafter; Number of Valuation Dates: 
[specify]] 
 
(xxviii) Valuation Time: 
[specify][As per Credit Linked Condition 13] 
 
(xxix) Indicative Quotations: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
 
(xxx) 
Quotation Method: 
[Bid][Offer][Mid-market][As 
per 
Credit 
Linked Condition 13] 
 
(xxxi) Quotation Amount: 
[specify][Representative 
Amount][Credit 
Linked Conditions apply] 
 
(xxxii) Minimum Quotation Amount: 
[specify] [As set out in Credit Linked 
Condition 13] 
 
(xxxiii) Quotation Dealers: 
[specify] 
 
(xxxiv) Quotations: 
[Include Accrued Interest][Exclude Accrued 
Interest] 
 
(xxxv) Valuation Method: 
[Market][Highest] 
 
 
[Average Market/Highest][Average Highest] 
 
 
[Blended Market][Blended Highest] 
 
 
[Average Blended Market][Average Blended 
Highest] 
 
 
[As set out in Credit Linked Condition 13] 
 
Additional 
terms 
relating 
to 
Auction 
Settlement 
 
 
(delete section and renumber if not applicable 
as Settlement Method or Fallback Method) 
 
 
(xxxvi) Fallback Settlement Method: 
[Cash Settlement][Physical Delivery] 
 
(xxxvii) Successor Backstop Date subject to 
adjustment 
in 
accordance 
with 
Business Day Convention: 
[Yes][No] 
 
(xxxviii) Limitation 
Dates 
subject 
to 
adjustment 
in 
accordance 
with 
Business Day Convention: 
[Yes][No] 
 
Terms relating to Physical Delivery 
 
 
(delete section and renumber if not applicable 
as Settlement Method or Fallback Settlement 
Method but note may be needed for Auction 
elections in which case do not delete) 
 
 
(xxxix) Physical Settlement Period: 
[[specify] Business Days][Not applicable] 
 
(xl) 
Accrued Interest on Entitlement: 
[Include Accrued Interest][Exclude Accrued 
Interest][Not applicable] 
 
(xli) 
Settlement Currency: 
[specify][Not applicable]

--- Page 357 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
 
- 342 - 
 
 
 
(xlii) 
Deliverable Obligations: 
 
 
(a) 
Deliverable 
Obligation 
Category: 
[Payment] [Borrowed Money] [Reference 
Obligations Only] [Bond] [Loan] [Bond or 
Loan][As per the Physical Settlement 
Matrix][Not applicable] 
 
 
(select one only) 
 
(b) 
Deliverable 
Obligation 
Characteristics: 
[Not 
Subordinated][Specified 
Currency: 
[specify 
currency/Standard 
Specified 
Currency] [Not Sovereign Lender] [Not 
Domestic Currency: [specify currency]] [Not 
Domestic Law] [Not Domestic Issuance] 
[Assignable Loan] [Consent Required Loan] 
[Direct Loan Participation] [Transferable] 
[Listed] [specify]] [Maximum Maturity: [] 
years] 
[Accelerated 
or 
Matured] 
[Not 
Bearer][As per the Physical Settlement 
Matrix] [Not applicable] 
 
Asset Package Delivery: 
[Applicable][Not 
applicable] 
[As 
per 
Physical Settlement Matrix] 
 
(xliii) 
Additional 
Deliverable 
Obligation(s): 
[specify] [Not applicable] 
 
(a) 
Excluded 
Deliverable 
Obligation(s): 
[specify] [Not applicable] 
 
(b) 
Indicative Quotations: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
 
(c) 
Delivery 
provisions 
for 
Entitlement if different from 
General 
Conditions 
and 
Credit Linked Conditions: 
[specify] [Not applicable] 
 
(xliv) 
Restructuring Maturity Limitation 
and Fully Transferable Obligation 
Applicable: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
 
(xlv) 
Modified Restructuring Limitation 
and 
Conditionality 
Transferrable 
Obligation Applicable: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
 
(xlvi) 
Reference 
Obligation 
Only 
Termination Amount: 
[specify][Not applicable] 
 
 
(NB: to be specified for the purposes of Credit 
Linked Condition 21 for Reference Obligation 
Only Notes relating to a single Reference 
Entity issued pursuant to Annex 7.) 
 
(xlvii) Qualifying Participation Seller: 
[specify] [Not applicable] 
 
Terms relating to Zero/Set Recovery Notes 
 
 
(delete 
section 
and 
renumber 
if 
not 
applicable)

--- Page 358 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
 
- 343 - 
 
 
 
(xlviii) Set/Zero Recovery Price: 
[Insert percentage in relation to each 
Reference Entity, which may be zero] 
 
Terms relating to Tranched Linear Basket 
Credit Linked Notes 
 
 
(delete 
section 
and 
renumber 
if 
not 
applicable) 
 
 
(xlix) 
H 
[insert number of Reference Entities that are 
equal to the higher tranche level] 
 
(l) 
L 
[insert number of Reference Entities that are 
equal to the lower tranche level] 
40. 
 Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked 
Redemption: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
(In respect of Credit Linked Notes) [, subject 
to the provisions of the paragraph "Credit 
Linked Redemption" and the Credit Linked 
Conditions] 
 
(i) 
Base Currency: 
[specify][Not 
applicable][For 
Reference 
Item[(k)]: [insert]] 
 
(ii) 
Subject Currency/Currencies: 
[specify][Not 
applicable][For 
Reference 
Item[(k)]: 
[insert]] 
[and 
EM 
Foreign 
Exchange Rate Provisions apply to such 
Subject Currency] 
 
(iii) 
Additional Disruption Event: 
(Specify each of the following which applies) 
[Change 
in 
Law][Hedging 
Disruption][Increased Cost of Hedging] 
 
 
[Trade Date means [specify]] 
 
 
(insert where Change in Law applies) 
 
(iv) 
Averaging: 
Averaging [applies][does not apply] to the 
Notes. [The Averaging Dates are [specify]] 
[See paragraph [specify] above] 
 
(v) 
Observation Date(s): 
[specify][Not applicable] 
 
(vi) 
Observation Period(s): 
[specify][Not applicable] 
 
(vii) 
Strike Date: 
[specify][Not applicable] 
 
(viii) 
Strike Period [and Strike Days]: 
[Specify 
Strike 
Period][Not 
applicable][Specify the applicable Strike 
Days in the Strike Period] 
 
(ix) 
Redemption Valuation Date: 
[Specify][Not applicable] 
 
(x) 
Provisions applicable where EM 
Foreign 
Exchange 
(FX) 
Rate 
Provisions do not apply to a 
Settlement Currency: 
[Applicable [in respect of [specify Subject 
Currencies to which these provisions apply 
where there is a Basket]]][Not applicable]

--- Page 359 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
 
- 344 - 
 
 
 
 
(Where applicable for more than one Subject 
Currency, complete as relevant for each such 
Subject Currency) 
 
(a) 
Delayed Redemption on the 
Occurrence of a Disruption 
Event: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
 
(b) 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[specify][Not applicable] 
 
(c) 
Specified Maximum Days 
of Disruption: 
[Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will 
be equal to: [specify][five] 
 
 
(If no Specified Maximum Days of Disruption 
are stated, Specified Maximum Days of 
Disruption will be equal to five) 
 
(d) 
Price Source: 
[specify] 
 
(e) 
Valuation Time: 
[specify] 
 
(xi) 
Provisions applicable where EM 
Foreign 
Exchange 
(FX) 
Rate 
Provisions apply: 
[Applicable [in respect of [specify Subject 
Currencies to which these provisions apply 
where there is a Basket]][Not applicable] 
 
 
(Where applicable for more than one Subject 
Currency, complete as relevant for each such 
Subject Currency) 
 
(a) 
Provisions 
applicable 
to 
determining the Settlement 
Price: 
For the purpose of the definition of Settlement 
Price in Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked 
Note Condition 6 [and [specify the relevant 
Subject Currency where more than one 
Subject Currency]: 
 
 
EM FX Price Source: [specify] 
 
 
EM Valuation Time: [specify] 
 
 
EM 
Scheduled 
Trading 
Day 
Jurisdiction: [specify] 
 
(b) 
EM Disruption Events: 
[Price Source Disruption] 
 
 
[Illiquidity Disruption] 
 
 
[Dual Exchange Rate] 
 
 
[General Inconvertibility] 
 
 
[General Non-Transferability] 
 
 
[Material Change in Circumstance] 
 
 
[Nationalisation] 
 
 
[Price Materiality, where: 
 
 
EM Price Materiality Percentage: 
[specify][3]%

--- Page 360 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
 
- 345 - 
 
 
 
 
EM Primary Rate: [specify][The rate 
determined as set out in the definition 
of Settlement Price] 
 
 
EM Secondary Rate: [specify][[EM 
First 
Fallback 
Reference 
Price 
[and]][EM 
Second 
Fallback 
Reference Price]] 
 
 
(Specify in respect of each Subject Currency 
where EM Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate 
Provisions apply to more than one such 
Subject 
Currency 
and 
different 
EM 
Disruption Events (or components thereof) 
also apply thereto) 
 
(c) 
EM Disruption Fallbacks: 
[EM Calculation Agent Determination] 
 
 
[EM First Fallback Reference Price, where: 
 
 
First Fallback EM FX Price Source: 
[specify] 
 
 
First Fallback EM Valuation Time: 
[specify] 
 
 
First Fallback EM Number of 
Settlement Days: [specify]] 
 
 
[EM Second Fallback Reference Price, 
where: 
 
 
Second Fallback EM FX Price 
Source: [specify] 
 
 
Second Fallback EM Valuation 
Time: [specify] 
 
 
Second Fallback EM Number of 
Settlement Days: [specify]] 
 
 
[EM Valuation Postponement] 
 
 
(Specify in respect of each Subject Currency 
where EM Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate 
Provisions apply to more than one such 
Subject 
Currency 
and 
different 
EM 
Disruption 
Fallbacks 
(or 
components 
thereof) also apply thereto) 
 
(d) 
EM Maximum Days of 
Postponement: 
[specify] 
 
 
(Specify in respect of each Subject Currency 
where EM Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate 
Provisions apply to more than one such 
Subject 
Currency 
and 
different 
EM 
Disruption 
Fallbacks 
(or 
components 
thereof) also apply thereto)

--- Page 361 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
 
- 346 - 
 
 
 
(e) 
EM Cumulative Events: 
[Not 
applicable][Applicable 
and 
EM 
Maximum Cumulative Days of Postponement 
means [specify]] 
 
 
(Specify in respect of each Subject Currency 
where EM Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate 
Provisions apply to more than one such 
Subject 
Currency 
and 
different 
EM 
Disruption 
Fallbacks 
(or 
components 
thereof) also apply thereto) 
 
(f) 
EM Number of Settlement 
Days: 
[Two][Zero][specify other number of days] 
[where Settlement Day Centre(s) means 
[specify]] 
 
(g) 
EM 
Number 
of 
Postponement 
Settlement 
Days: 
[[Two][specify]] 
[Business 
Days][EM 
Settlement Days] [specify] 
41. 
 Combination Note Redemption: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
 
 
(Applicable in relation to Reference Item 
Notes linked to a combination of types of 
Reference Items) 
 
 
(If applicable, complete relevant prompts 
from Paragraphs [36] to [40] above) 
42. 
 Provisions applicable to Instalment Notes: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Instalment Amounts: 
[specify] 
 
(ii) 
Instalment Dates: 
[specify] 
43. 
 Provisions applicable to Physical Delivery: 
[Applicable][in 
accordance 
with 
Credit 
Linked Conditions and paragraph [39] 
above][where the Issuer has exercised its 
option to vary settlement pursuant to the 
application of Variation of Settlement per 
paragraph 45 below][Not applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable or the Notes are Credit 
Linked Notes, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Entitlement Amount: 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and other 
related definitions from Payout Condition 
4][A nominal amount of the Relevant Asset 
equal to [specify]][Bond Asset provisions 
apply] 
 
(ii) 
Relevant Asset(s): 
[specify] 
 
 
(for bonds, include the following as 
applicable:) 
 
 
[ISIN: [specify]] 
 
 
[Issuer: [specify]]

--- Page 362 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
 
- 347 - 
 
 
 
 
[Maturity: [specify]] 
 
 
[Coupon: [specify]] 
 
(iii) 
Unwind Costs: 
[Applicable:[specify]][Standard 
Unwind 
Costs][Not applicable] 
 
(iv) 
Cut-off Date: 
[specify][As specified in General Condition 
4(b)] 
 
(v) 
Settlement Business Day(s): 
[specify] 
 
(vi) 
Delivery Agent: 
[Banco 
Comercial 
Português, 
S.A.][Dealer][specify] of [specify address] 
 
(vii) 
Assessed Value Payment Amount: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
 
(viii) 
Failure to Deliver due to Illiquidity: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
44. 
 Provisions applicable to Partly Paid Notes; 
amount of each payment comprising the 
Issue Price and date on which each 
payment is to be made and consequences of 
failure to pay, including any right of the 
Issuer to forfeit the Notes and interest due 
on late payment: 
[Not applicable][give details] 
45. 
 Variation of Settlement: 
The Issuer [has][does not have] the option to 
vary settlement in respect of the Notes as set 
out in General Condition 4(b)(iii) [The 
minimum 
period 
of 
notice 
is 
[specify][and][the maximum period of notice 
is [specify] 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
46. 
 Form of Notes: 
[Bearer Notes: 
 
 
[Temporary 
Bearer 
Global 
Note 
exchangeable for a Permanent Bearer Global 
Note which is exchangeable for definitive 
Bearer Notes [on 60 days' notice given at any 
time/only 
upon 
an 
Exchange 
Event 
[including/excluding] the exchange event 
described in paragraph (iii) of the definition 
in the permanent Global Note]]12 
 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for 
definitive Notes on and after the Exchange 
Date]13 
 
 
[Permanent Bearer Global Note exchangeable 
for definitive Notes [on 60 days' notice given 
at any time/only upon an Exchange Event 
[including/excluding] the exchange event 
 
12 
In relation to any Tranche of Notes which are expressed to be issued in denominations of EUR100,000 and integral multiples of 
EUR 1,000 the Global Note will not be exchangeable at the option of the holder. 
13 
In relation to any Tranche of Notes which are expressed to be issued in denominations of EUR100,000 and integral multiples of 
EUR 1,000 the Global Note will not be exchangeable at the option of the holder.

--- Page 363 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
 
- 348 - 
 
 
described in paragraph (iii) of the definition 
in the Permanent Global Note]]]14 
 
 
[Book Entry Notes: nominativas] 
47. 
 New Global Note:15 
[Yes][No] 
48. 
 (i) 
Financial Centre(s): 
[Not applicable][give details] 
 
(ii) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[Not applicable] [specify] (Note that this 
paragraph relates to the place of payment and 
not interest period end dates. All relevant 
Financial Centre(s) (including the location of 
the relevant agent(s)) should be included 
other than Target) 
49. 
 Talons for future Coupons or Receipts to 
be attached to definitive Notes (and dates 
on which such Talons mature): 
[Yes as the Notes have more than 27 Coupon 
payments, Talons may be required if, on 
exchange into definitive form, more than 27 
Coupons are still to be made][No] 
50. 
 Redenomination, renominalisation and 
reconventioning provisions: 
[Not applicable][The provisions in General 
Condition 7 apply] 
 
 
[N.B.: Only applicable for Notes not 
denominated in EUR] 
 
RESPONSIBILITY 
[The Issuer accept responsibility for the information contained in these Final Terms. [Insert relevant third 
party information, for example in relation to an index or its components] has been extracted from [specify 
source]. The Issuer confirms that such information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is 
aware, and is able to ascertain from information published by [specify source], no facts have been omitted 
which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.] 
Signed on behalf of the Issuer: 
 
By: .............................................................................. 
Duly authorised 
 
14 
In relation to any Tranche of Notes which are expressed to be issued in denominations of EUR100,000 and integral multiples of 
EUR 1,000 the Global Note will not be exchangeable at the option of the holder. 
15 
You should only elect "yes" opposite "New Global Note" if you have elected "yes" to the section in Part B under the heading 
"Operational Information" entitled "Intended to be held in a manner which would allow Eurosystem eligibility".

--- Page 364 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
 
- 349 - 
 
 
PART B - OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 
1. 
Listing and Admission to trading 
 
 
[Application [has been/will be] made by the Issuer 
(or on its behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to the 
Official List and trading on the Euronext Dublin 
Regulated 
Market 
with 
effect 
from 
[].] 
[Application [has been/will be] made by the Issuer 
(or on its behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to 
trading on the regulated market of the [Euronext 
Lisbon/Euronext Dublin] with effect from [].] [Not 
applicable] 
 
[Not applicable] 
 
(Unless the minimum denomination of the Notes is 
€100,000 or more (or its equivalent in the relevant 
currency as at the date of issue) and the Notes are 
Derivative Securities, indicate in the case of a 
fungible issue that original Notes are already 
admitted to trading) 
[Estimate of total expense related to 
admission of trading: 
[specify]] 
(Delete if the minimum Denomination is 
less than €100,000 (or its equivalent in 
any other currency as at the date of issue) 
or if the Notes are Derivative Securities) 
 
2. 
Ratings 
 
Ratings: 
[The rating of the Issuer is [specify]] 
 
[The Notes to be issued [have not been] [[have 
been][are expected to be]] rated:] 
 
[S&P:*[specify]] 
 
[Moody's:*[specify]] 
 
[Other*]: [specify] 
(Delete the rest of this paragraph 2 unless 
the Notes are to be listed on a regulated 
market) 
[[Inserting rating agency] is established in the 
European Union and is registered under Regulation 
(EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended). [As such 
[[Insert rating agency] is included in the list of 
credit rating agencies published by the European 
Securities and Markets Authority on its website in 
accordance with such Regulation.]] 
 
[[Insert the legal name of relevant non-EU credit 
rating agency entity] is not established in the 
European Union and is not registered in 
accordance with Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 
(as amended). [Insert the legal name of relevant 
non-EU credit rating agency entity] is therefore 
not included in the list of credit rating agencies 
published by the European Securities and Markets

--- Page 365 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
 
- 350 - 
 
 
Authority on its website in accordance with such 
Regulation].] 
 
[[Insert legal name of relevant non-EU credit 
rating agency entity] is not established in the 
European Union and has not applied for 
registration under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 
(as amended) (the "CRA Regulation"). The 
ratings have been endorsed by [insert the legal 
name of the relevant EU-registered credit rating 
agency 
entity] 
in 
accordance 
with 
CRA 
Regulation. [Insert the legal name of the relevant 
EU-registered credit rating agency entity] is 
established in the European Union and registered 
under the CRA Regulation. [As such [insert the 
legal name of the relevant EU-registered credit 
rating agency entity] is included in the list of credit 
rating agencies published by the European 
Securities and Markets Authority on its website in 
accordance with the CRA Regulation.] 
The European Securities Markets Authority has 
indicated that ratings issued in [Japan/Australia/the 
USA /Canada /Hong Kong /Singapore/ Argentina 
/Mexico (delete as appropriate)] which have been 
endorsed by [insert the legal name of the relevant 
EU credit rating agency entity that applied for 
registration] may be used in the EU by the relevant 
market participants.] 
 
[[Insert legal name of relevant non-EU credit 
rating agency entity] is not established in the 
European Union and has not applied for 
registration under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 
(as amended) (the "CRA Regulation"), but it 
[[is]/[has applied to be]] certified in accordance 
with the CRA Regulation [[[EITHER:] and it is 
included in the list of credit rating agencies 
published by the European Securities and Markets 
Authority on its website in accordance with the 
CRA Regulation] [[OR:] although notification of 
the corresponding certification decision has not yet 
been provided by the relevant competent authority 
and [insert the legal name of the relevant non-EU 
credit rating agency entity] is not included in the 
list of credit rating agencies published by the 
European Securities and Markets Authority on its 
website in accordance with the CRA Regulation].] 
 
[[Insert the legal name of the relevant credit rating 
agency entity] is established in the European Union 
and has applied for registration under Regulation 
(EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended), although 
notification of the corresponding registration 
decision has not yet been provided by the European 
Securities and Markets Authority [and [insert the 
legal name of the relevant credit rating agency 
entity] is not included in the list of credit rating 
agencies published by the European Securities and

--- Page 366 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
 
- 351 - 
 
 
Markets Authority on its website in accordance 
with such Regulation].] 
 
[[Insert the legal name of the relevant non-EU 
credit rating agency entity] is not established in the 
European Union and has not applied for 
registration under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 
(as amended) (the "CRA Regulation"). However, 
the application for registration under the CRA 
Regulation of [insert the legal name of the relevant 
EU credit rating agency entity that applied for 
registration], which is established in the European 
Union, disclosed the intention to endorse credit 
ratings of [insert the legal name of the relevant 
non-EU credit rating agency entity][, although 
notification of the corresponding registration 
decision has not yet been provided by the European 
Securities and Markets Authority and [insert the 
legal name of the relevant EU credit rating agency 
entity] is not included in the list of credit rating 
agencies published by the European Securities and 
Markets Authority on its website in accordance 
with the CRA Regulation].] The European 
Securities Markets Authority has indicated that 
ratings 
issued 
in 
[Japan/Australia/the 
USA/Canada/Hong 
Kong/Singapore/Argentina/Mexico 
(delete 
as 
appropriate)] which have been endorsed by [insert 
the legal name of the relevant EU credit rating 
agency entity that applied for registration] may be 
used in the EU by the relevant market 
participants.]]16] 
3. 
[Interests of Natural and Legal Persons Involved in the Issue 
[Save for any fees payable to the Dealer[s]], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in 
the offer of the Notes has an interest material to the offer.] [A fee has been paid by the Dealer 
to a third party [distributor]. For specific and detailed information on the nature and quantity of 
such fee, the investor should contact the [distributor][specify] in respect of the Notes][The Notes 
have been sold by the Dealer to a third party [distributor] at a discount to the specified issue 
price. For specific and detailed information on the nature and quantity of such discount, the 
investor should contact the [distributor][specify] in respect of the Notes] 
(When completing, consideration should be given as to whether such matters described 
constitute "significant new factors" and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to the 
Base Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation) 
4. 
Reasons for the Offer, Estimated Net Proceeds and Total Expenses 
(i) 
Reasons for the offer: 
[See "Use of Proceeds" section in the Base 
Prospectus][insert details] (if reasons for offer 
different from making profit and/or hedging 
certain rights will need to include those reasons 
here and then also complete (ii) and (iii) below.) 
(ii) 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[specify] 
 
(If proceeds are intended for more than one use 
will need to split out and present in order of 
 
16 
Repeat for each credit rating.

--- Page 367 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
 
- 352 - 
 
 
priority. If proceeds insufficient to fund all 
proposed uses state amount and sources of other 
funding.) 
(iii) 
Estimated total expenses: 
[specify] 
 
(Include breakdown of expenses into each 
principal intended "use", presented in order of 
priority of such "uses") 
[(N.B.: If the Notes are derivative securities to 
which Annex XVII of the Prospectus Regulation 
applies (i) is required where the reasons for the 
offer are different from making profit and/or 
hedging certain risks and, where such reasons are 
inserted in (i), disclosure of net proceeds and total 
expenses at (ii) and (iii) are also required.)] 
5. 
Yield - Fixed Rate Notes Only 
[Not applicable]17 
Indication of yield: 
[specify] 
 
The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the 
basis of the Issue Price. It is not an indication of 
future yield. 
6. 
Historic Rates of Interest - Floating Rate Notes Only 
[Not applicable]18 
Details of historic [reference rate]/[specify CMS Rate] rates can be obtained [free of charge] 
from [Reuters and/or Bloomberg] 
7. 
[Performance of [Index][Share][Inflation][Foreign Exchange Rate][Fund][Reference 
Entity/Entities][Formula], Explanation of Effect on Value of Investment and Other 
Information concerning the Underlying 
[Not applicable]19 
(Need to include details of where past and future performance and volatility of the 
index/formula/commodity/rates/reference entity/fund/other variable can be obtained and a 
clear and comprehensive explanation.) 
[Where the underlying is an index, include the name of the index and details of where the 
information about the index can be obtained.]20 
[Where the underlying is a security, include the name of the issuer of the security and the ISIN 
or equivalent identification number.] 
[Where the underlying is a basket of underlying, include the relevant weightings of each 
underlying in the basket.] 
 
 
17 
Delete this section in the case of Notes which are not Fixed Rate Notes or are derivative securities for the purposes of the 
Prospectus Regulation. 
18 
Delete this section in the case of Notes with a denomination of €100,000 or more (or its equivalent in the relevant currency as at 
the date of issue). 
19 
Delete this section in the case of Notes with a denomination of €100,000 or more (or its equivalent in the relevant currency as at 
the date of issue) or where the Notes are not derivative securities for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation. 
20 
Required for derivative securities.

--- Page 368 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
 
- 353 - 
 
 
The Issuer [intends to provide post-issuance information [specify what information will be 
reported and where it can be obtained]] [does not intend to provide post-issuance information] 
8. 
Operational Information 
 
(i) 
ISIN Code: 
[specify] 
(ii) 
Common Code: 
[specify] 
(iii) 
Any clearing system(s) other than 
Euroclear 
and 
Clearstream, 
Luxembourg approved by the 
Issuer and the Principal Paying 
Agent 
and 
the 
relevant 
identification number(s): 
[Not applicable][give name(s)] 
(iv) 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against][free of] payment 
(v) 
Additional Paying Agent(s) (if 
any): 
[specify] 
(vi) 
Intended to be held in a manner 
which would allow Eurosystem 
eligibility 
[Yes. Note that the designation "yes" simply means 
that the Notes are intended upon issue to be 
deposited with one of the ICSDs as Common 
Safekeeper and does not necessarily mean that the 
Notes will be recognised as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intraday credit 
operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or 
at any or all times during their life. Such 
recognition will depend upon the ECB being 
satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have 
been met.] 
 
[Yes. Note that the designation "yes" simply means 
that the Notes are intended upon issue to be 
registered with Interbolsa – Sociedade Gestora de 
Sistemas 
de 
Liquidação 
e 
de 
Sistemas 
Centralizados de Valores Mobiliários, S.A. in its 
capacity of securities settlement system and does 
not necessarily mean that the Notes will be 
recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by 
the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all 
times during their life. Such recognition will 
depend upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria] 
 
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as "no" at 
the date of these Final Terms, should the 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria be amended in the 
future such that the Notes are capable of meeting 
them the Notes may then be deposited with one of 
the ICSDs as common safekeeper. Note that this 
does not necessarily mean that the Notes will then 
be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra day credit operations by 
the Eurosystem at any time during their life. Such 
recognition will depend upon the ECB being 
satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have 
been met.]]

--- Page 369 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
 
- 354 - 
 
 
 
(NB if "yes" selected the bearer Notes must be 
issued in NGN form) 
9. 
DISTRIBUTION 
 
9.1 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated][Non-syndicated] 
9.2 
(i) 
If 
syndicated, 
names 
[and 
addresses] of Managers [and 
underwriting 
commitments/quotas 
(material 
features): 
[Not applicable][give names [and addresses] of 
each entity acting as underwriter [and its 
respective underwriting commitments]] 
 
(Include names and addresses of entities agreeing 
to underwrite the issue on a firm commitment basis 
and names and addresses of the entities agreeing 
to place the issue without a firm commitment or on 
a "best efforts" basis if such entities are not the 
same as the Managers.) 
(ii) 
Date/Description of Subscription 
Agreement: 
[insert details][Not applicable] 
(iii) 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (if any): 
[Not applicable][give name] 
9.3 
If non-syndicated, name [and address] of 
relevant Dealer: 
[Not applicable][give name [and address]] 
 
[The Issuer reserves the right to appoint other 
distributors during the Offer Period, which will be 
communicated to investors by means of a notice 
published as specified in paragraph [specify].] 
 
[No underwriting commitment is undertaken by 
the Distributor.] 
9.4 
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered 
under the Securities Act or the securities laws of 
any state or other jurisdiction of the United States. 
The Notes may not be offered, sold, pledged, 
assigned, delivered or otherwise transferred, 
exercised or redeemed, at any time, within the 
United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, 
U.S. persons. Accordingly, the Notes are being 
offered and sold in offshore transactions in reliance 
on Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
Furthermore, the Notes do not constitute, and have 
not been marketed as, contracts of sale of a 
commodity for future delivery (or options thereon) 
subject to the U.S. Commodity Exchange Act, as 
amended (the "CEA"), and trading in the Notes has 
not been approved by the U.S. Commodity Futures 
Trading Commission (the "CFTC") pursuant to 
the CEA, and no U.S. person may at any time trade 
or maintain a position in the Notes. For a 
description of the restrictions on offers and sales of 
the Notes, see "Subscription and Sale" in the Base 
Prospectus. 
As used herein, "U.S. person" includes any "U.S. 
person" or person that is not a "non-United States 
person" as such terms are defined in Regulation S

--- Page 370 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
 
- 355 - 
 
 
and in regulations adopted under the CEA, 
respectively. 
 
Each Dealer (1) has acknowledged that the Notes 
have not been and will not be registered under the 
Securities Act, or any securities laws of any state 
or other jurisdiction in the United States, and the 
Notes are not being offered, sold or delivered and 
may not be offered, sold or delivered at any time, 
directly or indirectly, within the United States or 
to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons; 
(2) has represented, as a condition to acquiring any 
interest in the Notes, that neither it nor any persons 
on whose behalf or for whose account or benefit 
the Notes are being acquired is a U.S. person, that 
it is not located in the United States, and was not 
solicited to purchase Notes while present in the 
United States; (3) has agreed not to offer, sell or 
deliver any of the Notes, directly or indirectly, in 
the United States or to, or for the account or benefit 
of, any U.S. person; and (4) has agreed that, at or 
prior to confirmation of sale of any Notes (whether 
upon original issuance or in any secondary 
transaction), it will have sent to each distributor, 
dealer or person receiving a selling concession, fee 
or other remuneration that purchases Notes from it 
a written notice containing language substantially 
the same as the foregoing. As used herein, "United 
States" means the United States of America 
(including the states and the District of Columbia), 
its territories and possessions. 
 
In addition, the Dealers have represented and 
agreed that they have not offered or sold Notes and 
will not offer or sell Notes at any time except in 
accordance with Rule 903 of Regulation S under 
the Securities Act. Accordingly, the Dealers have 
represented and agreed that neither they, their 
affiliates (if any) nor any person acting on behalf 
of any of them has engaged or will engage in any 
directed selling efforts with respect to Notes, and 
they have all complied and will comply with the 
offering restrictions requirements of Regulation S. 
Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings 
given to them in Regulation S. 
 
An offer or sale of Notes within the United States 
by any dealer (whether or not participating in the 
offering of such Notes) may violate the registration 
requirements of the Securities Act. 
 
[TEFRA D][TEFRA C][TEFRA not applicable] 
9.5 
Additional U.S. Federal Income Tax 
Considerations: 
 
[The Notes are [not] Specified Notes for purposes 
of Section 871(m) of the U.S. Internal Revenue 
Code of 1986. [Additional information regarding 
the application of Section 871(m) to the Notes will 
be available from [give name(s) and address(es) of 
Issuer contact].]] [As at the date of these Final 
Terms, the Issuer has not determined whether the 
Notes are Specified Notes for purposes of Section

--- Page 371 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
 
- 356 - 
 
 
871(m) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986; 
however, indicatively it considers that they will 
[not] be Specified Notes for these purposes. This is 
indicative information only, subject to change, and 
if the Issuer's final determination is different then 
it will give notice of such determination. [Please 
contact [give name(s) and address(es) of Issuer 
contact] for further information regarding the 
application of Section 871(m) to the Notes.]] 21 
(The Notes will not be Specified Notes if they (i) do 
not reference any U.S. equity or any index that 
contains any component U.S. equity or otherwise 
provide direct or indirect exposure to U.S. equities 
("U.S. Underlying") or (ii) are issued prior to 1 
January 2025 and provide a return that differs 
significantly from the return on an investment in 
such U.S. underlying. If the Notes reference a U.S. 
Underlying and (i) are issued prior to 1 January 
2025 and provide a return that does not differ 
significantly from the return on an investment in 
such U.S. Underlying, or (ii) are issued on or after 
1 January 2025, further analysis would be 
required. If the Notes are Specified Notes, include 
the "Additional information" sentence and provide 
the appropriate contact information at the Issuer.)] 
9.6 
Non-exempt Offer: 
[Applicable] [Not applicable](if not applicable, 
delete the remaining placeholders of this 
paragraph 9.6 and also paragraph [10] below). 
9.7 
Non-exempt Offer Jurisdictions: 
[specify relevant State(s) where the Issuer intends 
to make Non-exempt Offers (where the Base 
Prospectus 
lists 
the 
Non-exempt 
Offer 
Jurisdictions, select from that list), which must 
therefore be jurisdictions where the Base 
Prospectus and any supplements have been 
passported (in addition to the jurisdiction where 
approved and published)] 
9.8 
Offer Period: 
[specify date] until [specify date or a formula such 
as "the Issue Date" or "the date which falls 
[specify] Business Days thereafter"] 
9.9 
Financial intermediaries granted specific 
consent to use the Base Prospectus in 
accordance with the Conditions in it: 
[Insert names, addresses and LEI number of 
financial 
intermediaries 
receiving 
consent 
(specific consent)] 
 
(N.B. Consider any local regulatory requirements 
necessary to be fulfilled so as to be able to make a 
non- exempt offer in relevant jurisdictions. No such 
offer should be made in any relevant jurisdiction 
until those requirements have been met. Non-
exempt Offers may only be made into jurisdictions 
in which the Base Prospectus (and any 
supplement) has been notified / passported.) 
 
21 
This formulation to be used if the Issuer has not made a determination regarding whether the Notes are Specified Notes as of the 
date of the Final Terms.

--- Page 372 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
 
- 357 - 
 
 
9.10 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable/Not applicable/Not applicable from 
[specify date] until [specify date][[the date which 
falls [] Business Days after] the Issue Date], 
otherwise, applicable] 
9.11 
Prohibition of Sales United Kingdom 
Retail Investors: 
[Applicable/Not applicable/Not applicable from 
[specify date] until [specify date][[the date which 
falls [] Business Days after] the Issue Date], 
otherwise, applicable] 
 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute "packaged" 
products, or the Notes do constitute "packaged" 
products and a key information document will be 
prepared, "Not applicable" should be specified. If 
(i) the Notes may constitute "packaged" products 
and (ii) the PRIIP manufacturer does not intend to 
prepare and publish a PRIIPs KID, "Applicable" 
should be specified. Use the "Not applicable from 
[] until []" option where a PRIIPs KID is only to 
be available for a certain period (e.g. the primary 
Offer Period)) 
10. 
Terms and Conditions of the Offer 
 
[Applicable][Not applicable] (If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) [The Notes will be offered to the public in each Non-exempt Offer Jurisdictions in 
accordance with the arrangements listed below.] 
10.1 
Offer Price: 
[Not applicable][See 10.11 below][give details] 
10.2 
[Conditions to which the offer is subject:] 
[Not applicable][give details] 
 
[Offers of the Notes are conditional on their issue 
and are subject to such conditions as are set out in 
the [Distribution Agreement], As between Dealers 
and 
their 
customers 
(including 
Authorised 
Offerors) or between Authorised Offerors and their 
customers offers of the Notes are further subject to 
such conditions as may be agreed between them 
and/or as is specified in any arrangements in place 
between them.] 
10.3 
[Description of the application process]: 
[Not applicable][give details] 
10.4 
[Details of the minimum and/or maximum 
amount of application:] 
[Not applicable][give details] 
10.5 
[Description of possibility to reduce 
subscriptions and manner for refunding 
excess amount paid by applicants:] 
[Not applicable][give details] 
10.6 
[Details of the method and time limits for 
paying up and delivering the Notes:] 
[Not applicable][give details] 
(NB: Under normal circumstances, on the Issue 
Date, allocated Notes will he made available to the 
Dealer(s)/Authorised Offerors in such account as 
may be held by them directly or indirectly at 
Euroclear or Clearstream. Luxembourg.) 
10.7 
[Manner in and date on which results of 
the offer are to be made public:] 
[Not applicable][give details]

--- Page 373 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
 
- 358 - 
 
 
 
(If applicable (i) specify dale on which the final 
size of the issue will be made public and (ii) insert 
specific details in respect of the method of 
publication (including, where relevant, details of 
any advertisements to be published).) 
10.8 
[Procedure for exercise of any right of pre-
emption, negotiability of subscription 
rights and treatment of subscription rights 
not exercise:] 
[Not applicable][give details] 
10.9 
[Whether tranche(s) have been reserved 
for certain countries:] 
[Not applicable][give details] 
10.10 
Indication of the expected price at which 
the Notes will be offered or the method of 
determining the price and the process for 
its disclosure: 
[Not applicable] [The Issuer had offered and will 
sell the Notes to the Dealer(s) (and no one else) at 
the Issue Price of [specify] [less a total commission 
of [specify]]. The Dealer(s) and Authorised 
Offerors will offer and sell the Notes to their 
customers in accordance with the arrangements in 
place between each such Dealer and its customers 
(including the Authorised Offers) or each such 
Authorised Offeror and its customers by reference 
to the Issue Price and the market conditions 
prevailing at the time.] 
10.11 
[Process for notification to applications of 
the amount allotted and the indication 
whether dealing may begin before 
notification is made:] 
[Not applicable][give details] 
[Prospective Noteholders will be notified by the 
relevant Dealer(s) and Authorised Offeror in 
accordance with the arrangements in place 
between such Dealer(s) or Authorised Offeror and 
its customers. Any dealing in the Notes, which take 
place will be at the risk of the prospective 
Noteholders.] 
10.12 
[Amount of any expenses and taxes 
specifically charged to the subscriber or 
purchaser:] 
[Not applicable][give details] 
10.13 
[Name(s) and address(es), to the extent 
known to the Issuer, of the placers in the 
various countries where the offer takes 
place.] 
[The Authorised Offerors are identified in 9.6 
above 
and 
identifiable 
from 
the 
Base 
Prospectus]/[None]/[give details]. 
11. 
[Index/Other Disclaimer 
 
The issue of this series of Notes (in this paragraph, the "Transaction") is not sponsored, 
endorsed, sold, or promoted by [NAME OF INDEX/OTHER] (the "Index") or [NAME OF 
INDEX/OTHER SPONSOR] (the "Index Sponsor") and no Index Sponsor makes any 
representation whatsoever, whether express or implied, either as to the results to be obtained 
from the use of the Index and/or the levels at which the Index stands at any particular time on 
any particular date or otherwise. No Index or Index Sponsor shall be liable (whether in 
negligence or otherwise) to any person for any error in the Index and the Index Sponsor is under 
no obligation to advise any person of any error therein. No Index Sponsor is making any 
representation whatsoever, whether express or implied, as to the advisability of purchasing or 
assuming any risk in connection with entering into any Transaction. The Issuer shall not have 
any liability for any act of failure to act by the Index Sponsor in connection with the calculation 
adjustment or maintenance of the Index. Except as disclosed prior to the Issue Date, none of the 
Issuer or its affiliates has any affiliation with or control over the Index or Index Sponsor or any 
control over the computation, composition or dissemination of the Index. Although the

--- Page 374 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
 
- 359 - 
 
 
Calculation Agent will obtain information concerning the Index from publicly available sources 
it believes reliable, it will not independently verify this information. Accordingly, no 
representation, warranty or undertaking (express or implied) is made and no responsibility is 
accepted by the Issuer, its affiliates or the Calculation Agent as to the accuracy, completeness 
and timeliness of information concerning the Index.] 
(Insert unless the relevant Index has a bespoke disclaimer, in which case, substitute such 
bespoke disclaimer) 
(Delete this section 11 if not required) 
12. 
 [EU Benchmarks Regulation 
 
[[specify benchmark] is provided by [administrator legal name]][repeat as necessary].  As at 
the date hereof, [[administrator legal name][appears]/[does not appear]][repeat as necessary] 
in the register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by ESMA pursuant 
to Article 36 (Register of administrators and benchmarks) of the EU Benchmarks Regulation]/ 
[As far as the Issuer is aware, as at the date hereof, [specify benchmark] does not fall within the 
scope of the EU Benchmark Regulation]/ [As far as the Issuer is aware, the transitional 
provisions in Article 51 of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, as amended apply, such that [name of 
administrator] is not currently required to obtain authorisation/registration (or, if located outside 
the European Union, recognition, endorsement or equivalence)]/  
[Not Applicable] 
(Delete this section 12 if not required) 
[[Each [of] the Dealer(s) has acknowledged and agreed, and any Financial Intermediary will be required 
by the Dealer(s) to acknowledge and agree, that for the purpose of offer(s) of the Notes, the Issuer has 
passported the Base Prospectus in each of the Non-exempt Offer Jurisdictions and will not passport the 
Base Prospectus into any other Member State of the European Economic Area; accordingly, the Notes 
may only be publicly offered in Non-exempt Offer Jurisdictions or offered to Qualified Investors (as 
defined in the Prospectus Regulation) in any other Member State of the European Economic Area and 
that all offers of Notes by it will be made only in accordance with the selling restrictions set forth in the 
Prospectus and the provisions of these Final Terms and in compliance with all applicable laws and 
regulations.]22]. 
[Financial intermediaries seeking to rely on the Base Prospectus and any Final Terms to resell or place 
Notes as permitted by Article 4 of the Prospectus Regulation must obtain prior written consent from the 
Issuer; nothing herein is to be understood as a waiver of such requirement for prior written consent.]23  
 
 
22 
Delete unless for a public offer. 
23 
Delete in respect of Notes with a denomination of at least €100,000 (or equivalent in another currency)

--- Page 375 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
 
- 360 - 
 
 
ANNEX TO THE FINAL TERMS – SUMMARY OF THE ISSUE 
[Insert completed summary for the Notes, unless minimum denomination is equal to or greater than 
€100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency)]

--- Page 376 ---
- 361 - 
 
 
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
Set out below is the form of Pricing Supplement which will be completed for each Tranche of Exempt Notes, 
whatever the denomination of those Notes, issued under the Programme. 
NO PROSPECTUS IS REQUIRED IN ACCORDANCE WITH REGULATION (EU) 2017/1129 
FOR THE ISSUE OF NOTES DESCRIBED BELOW. 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS - The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any 
retail investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a 
person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 
2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97, 
where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of 
MiFID II. Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No. 1286/2014 (as 
amended, the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available 
to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any 
retail investor in the United Kingdom ("UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is 
one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as 
it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); (ii) a 
customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the 
FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional 
client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic 
law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 
1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been 
prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail 
investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ELIGIBLE 
COUNTERPARTIES ONLY TARGET MARKET - Solely for the purposes of [the/each] 
manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the 
conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and professional clients only, 
each as defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II")][MiFID II]; and (ii) all channels for 
distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any 
negative target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a 
"distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a 
distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect 
of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ELIGIBLE 
COUNTERPARTIES ONLY TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] 
manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to 
the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA 
Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook ("COBS"), and professional clients, as defined in Regulation 
(EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
("UK MiFIR"); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional 
clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling 
or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target 
market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product 
Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking its 
own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] 
target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / RETAIL INVESTORS, PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS 
AND ELIGIBLE COUNTERPARTIES TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each]

--- Page 377 ---
- 362 - 
 
 
manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the 
conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties, professional clients and retail 
clients, each as defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II")][MiFID II]; EITHER [and (ii) 
all channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate, including investment advice, portfolio 
management, non-advised sales and pure execution services] OR [(ii) all channels for distribution to eligible 
counterparties and professional clients are appropriate; and (iii) the following channels for distribution of 
the Notes to retail clients are appropriate - investment advice[,/ and] portfolio management[,/ and][non-
advised sales][and pure execution services][, subject to the distributor's suitability and appropriateness 
obligations under MiFID II, as applicable]]. [Consider any negative target market]. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration 
the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible 
for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the 
manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels[, subject to 
the distributor's suitability and appropriateness obligations under MiFID II, as applicable].] 
[UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / RETAIL INVESTORS, PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS 
AND ELIGIBLE COUNTER PARTIES TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] 
manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to 
the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is retail clients, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of 
Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) 
Act 2018 ("EUWA"), and eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business 
Sourcebook ("COBS"), and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA ("UK MiFIR"); EITHER [and (ii) all channels for distribution 
of the Notes are appropriate, including investment advice, portfolio management, non-advised sales and 
pure execution services] OR [(ii) all channels for distribution to eligible counterparties and professional 
clients are appropriate; and (iii) the following channels for distribution of the Notes to retail clients are 
appropriate - investment advice[,/ and] portfolio management[,/ and][non-advised sales][and pure 
execution services][, subject to the distributor’s suitability and appropriateness obligations under COBS, as 
applicable]]. [Consider any negative target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target 
market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product 
Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking 
its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the 
manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels[, subject 
to the distributor’s suitability and appropriateness obligations under COBS, as applicable].]] 
[SINGAPORE SFA PRODUCT CLASSIFICATION: In connection with Section 309B of the Securities 
and Futures Act 2001 (2020 Revised Edition) of Singapore (as amended, the "SFA") and the Securities and 
Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2001 (2020 Revised Edition) of Singapore (the "CMP 
Regulations 2018"), the Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined in 
Section 309A(1) of the SFA), that the Notes are [prescribed capital markets products][capital markets 
products other than prescribed capital markets products] (as defined in the CMP Regulations 2018). 
Pricing Supplement dated [●] 
 
BANCO COMERCIAL PORTUGUÊS, S.A. 
(a company with limited liability incorporated under Portuguese law) 
(the "Issuer") 
Legal entity identifier (LEI): [•] 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] (the "Notes") 
under the €2,000,000,000 
Structured Medium Term Note Programme 
These Notes are not intended for, and are not to be offered to, the public in any jurisdiction of the EEA. 
Any person making or intending to make an offer of the Notes may only do so in circumstances in which 
no obligation arises for the Issuer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation

--- Page 378 ---
- 363 - 
 
 
or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation, in each case, in relation to 
such offer. 
Neither the Issuer nor the Dealer has authorised, nor do they authorise, the making of any offer of Notes in 
any other circumstances. 
PART A - CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the General Conditions of the 
Notes (and, together with the applicable Annex(es), the "Conditions") set forth in the base prospectus dated 
23 December 2022 [and the supplement[s] to it dated [date] [and [date]] which [together] constitute[s] a 
base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation (the "Base Prospectus"). This document 
constitutes the Pricing Supplement of the Notes described herein and must be read in conjunction with the 
Base Prospectus.] 
The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was 
issued under a Base Prospectus with an earlier date. 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the General Conditions of the 
Notes (and, together with the applicable Annex(es), the "Conditions") set forth in the base prospectus dated 
[date] [which are incorporated by reference in the base prospectus dated [date].] 
Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes is only available on the basis of the combination 
of this Pricing Supplement and the Base Prospectus. The Base Prospectus has been published on the 
websites of the Irish Stock Exchange plc, trading as Euronext Dublin ("Euronext Dublin") 
(https://live.euronext.com/)). 
[The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the 
"Securities Act") or the securities laws of any State or other jurisdiction of the United States, and the Notes 
may not be offered, sold, transferred, pledged, delivered, redeemed, directly or indirectly, at any time within 
the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, or by, any U.S. person. Furthermore, the Notes do 
not constitute, and have not been marketed as, contracts of sale of a commodity for future delivery (or 
options thereon) subject to the U.S. Commodity Exchange Act, as amended (the "CEA"), and trading in 
the Notes has not been approved by the U.S. Commodity Futures Trading Commission (the "CFTC") 
pursuant to the CEA, and no U.S. person may at any time trade or maintain a position in the Notes. For a 
description of the restrictions on offers and sales of the Notes, see "Subscription and Sale" in the Base 
Prospectus.] 
As used herein, "U.S. person" includes any "U.S. person" or person that is not a "non-United States 
person" as such terms are defined in Regulation S and in regulations adopted under the CEA, respectively. 
[This Pricing Supplement may be considered a structured product in Switzerland. They are not collective 
investment schemes within the meaning of the Swiss Federal Act on Collective Investment Schemes 
("CISA"). Accordingly, they are not subject to the supervision of the Swiss Financial Market Supervisory 
Authority, FINMA. [The Notes are not being distributed to non-qualified investors in or from Switzerland 
and neither this Pricing Supplement nor any offering materials relating to the Notes may be available to 
non-qualified investors in or from Switzerland. Distribution of the Notes of this Pricing Supplement in or 
from Switzerland is only made by way of private placement to, and is directed exclusively at, qualified 
investors (as defined in the CISA and its implementing ordinance). Each copy of this Pricing Supplement 
is addressed to a specifically named recipient and shall not be passed on to a third party.]24]25 
Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not applicable". Note that the numbering should 
remain as set out below, even if "Not applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs or subparagraphs 
(in which case the sub-paragraphs of the paragraphs which are not applicable can be deleted). Italics 
denote directions for completing the Pricing Supplement. Where the context so permits, Terms in this 
Pricing Supplement may be attributed a numerical or letter suffix value when included hereon. Without 
limitation, the suffix can be denoted as "j", "k", "m", "q", "n", "t" or "i" and the term may be completed on 
the basis of the number or numbers represented by j, k, m, q, n, t or i, as chosen at the time of an issue of 
Notes. When applicable and in order to improve the reading and intelligibility of the formula(e) in the 
 
24 
Delete where offer intended to non-qualified investors in or from Switzerland. 
25 
Delete where no offer into Switzerland is intended.

--- Page 379 ---
- 364 - 
 
 
Pricing Supplement, the applicable suffixes may be included, completed and explained and may be 
presented as a table, if necessary, in the Pricing Supplement. 
1. 
(a) 
Issuer: 
Banco Comercial Português, S.A. 
(b) 
[Principal Paying 
Agent][Portuguese Paying 
Agent]: 
[Banco Comercial Português, S.A.][specify name] 
(c) 
Calculation Agent: 
[Banco Comercial Português, S.A.][specify name] 
2. 
(a) 
Series Number: 
[specify] 
(b) 
Tranche Number: 
[specify] 
(c) 
Date on which the Notes will be 
consolidated and form a single 
Series: 
[The Notes will be consolidated and form a single 
Series with [identify earlier Tranches] on [the 
Issue Date][the date that is 40 days after the Issue 
Date][exchange of the Temporary Global Note for 
interests in the Permanent Global Note, as referred 
to in paragraph 46 below, which is expected to 
occur on or about [date]][Not applicable] 
(d) 
Applicable Annex(es): 
[Not applicable] 
 
[Annex 1: Additional Terms and Conditions for 
Payouts] 
 
[Annex 2: Additional Terms and Conditions for 
Index Linked Notes] 
 
[Annex 3: Additional Terms and Conditions for 
Equity Linked Notes] 
 
[Annex 4: Additional Terms and Conditions for 
Inflation Linked Notes] 
 
[Annex 5: Additional Terms and Conditions for 
Fund Linked Notes] 
 
[Annex 6: Additional Terms and Conditions for 
Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Notes] 
[Annex 7: Additional Terms and Conditions for 
Credit Linked Notes] 
 
(More than one Annex may apply) 
3. 
Specified Notes Currency or Currencies: 
[specify] [(the "SER Subject Currency") for the 
purpose of the Specified Denomination and 
calculations [and payments other than those to 
which the Settlement Exchange Rate Provisions 
are specified to apply;] and (payments [to which 
the Settlement Exchange Rate Provisions are 
specified to apply] shall be made in [specify] (the 
"Settlement Currency")] 
4. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
 
(a) 
Series: 
[specify] 
[The Notes are Partly Paid Notes and [(For Partly 
Paid Notes, specify the dates and amounts for the 
payment of aggregate nominal amount)]] 
(b) 
Tranche: 
[specify] 
5. 
Issue Price: 
[specify]% of the Aggregate Nominal Amount 
[plus accrued interest from [insert date] (if

--- Page 380 ---
- 365 - 
 
 
applicable)] [converted into the Settlement 
Currency at the Initial SER, being [specify amount] 
in respect of the Aggregate Nominal Amount 
where "Initial SER" means [specify]] 
6. 
(a) 
Specified Denomination(s): 
[specify] 
(b) 
Calculation Amount (in relation 
to calculation of interest in global 
form see Conditions): 
[specify] [(Insert the following in the case of 
Instalment Notes): (the "Original Calculation 
Amount") minus, for the purposes of any 
calculation by reference to the Calculation Amount 
on any day, the sum of the Instalment Amounts 
paid prior to the relevant day [save for the purposes 
of calculation of any [Interest Amount][Final 
Redemption 
Amount][Early 
Redemption 
Amount][Automatic 
Early 
Redemption 
Amount][Optional 
Redemption 
Amount][Entitlement 
Amount] 
[[payable][deliverable] on [specify]] for which 
purposes the Original Calculation Amount will 
continue to apply.] 
 
(If only one Specified Denomination, insert the 
Specified Denomination. If more than one 
Specified Denomination, insert the highest 
common factor. Note: There must be a common 
factor in the case of two or more Specified 
Denominations.) 
7. 
(a) 
Issue Date: 
[specify] 
(b) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[specify][Issue Date][Not applicable] 
 
(An Interest Commencement Date will not be 
relevant for certain Notes, for example Zero 
Coupon Notes.) 
8. 
Maturity Date: 
[The Interest Payment Date falling on or nearest 
to] [specify][or if that is not a Business Day the 
immediately [succeeding][preceding] Business 
Day [unless it would thereby fall into the next 
calendar month, in which event it will be brought 
forward to the immediately preceding Business 
Day] [(the "Scheduled Maturity Date")] [or such 
[later] date for redemption determined as provided 
in 
the 
[[Fund 
Linked][Credit 
Linked 
Conditions][or, in all circumstances if applicable, 
such later date for payment determined as provided 
in the Settlement Exchange Rate Provisions set out 
in Payout Condition 6.] 
9. 
Interest Basis: 
[[specify] [per cent.] [per annum] Fixed Rate] 
 
[EURIBOR/SONIA/SONIA 
Compounded 
Index/SOFR/SOFR 
Compounded 
Index/€STR]][specify CMS Rate][specify] [+/- 
[specify]%] Floating Rate] 
 
[Specified Interest Amount] 
 
[Zero Coupon] 
 
[Reference Item Linked Interest: 
 
(specify one or more of the following)

--- Page 381 ---
- 366 - 
 
 
 
[Index Linked Interest] 
 
[Equity Linked Interest] 
 
[Inflation Linked Interest] 
 
[Reference Item Rate Linked Interest] 
 
[Fund Linked Interest] 
 
[Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Interest] 
 
[Combination Interest]] 
 
[and converted into the Settlement Currency by 
reference to the applicable Settlement Exchange 
Rate]][only in the specific circumstance set out in 
the Interest Rate Payout Formula]] 
 
(See paragraph 17 below) 
 
[Not applicable] 
10. 
Redemption basis: 
[Redemption at [par][specify][see paragraph 29 
(Final Redemption Amount:) below] 
 
[Index Linked Redemption] 
 
[Equity Linked Redemption] 
 
[Inflation Linked Redemption] 
 
[Reference Item Rate Linked Redemption] 
 
[Fund Linked Redemption] 
 
[Credit Linked Redemption] 
 
[Foreign 
Exchange 
(FX) 
Rate 
Linked 
Redemption] 
 
[Combination Redemption] 
 
[Instalment] 
 
[and converted into the Settlement Currency by 
reference to the applicable Settlement Exchange 
Rate] [only in the specific circumstances set out in 
the Final Payout Formula] (see paragraph 13 
below) [subject to Variation of Settlement, (see 
paragraph 45 below) 
11. 
Reference Item(s): 
[The following Reference Item(s)[(k)] [(from [k] 
= 
1 
to 
[[k][specify])] 
will 
apply 
[for 
[Interest][and][Redemption] 
determination 
purposes:][Not applicable] 
 
[For 
[k]=1][specify][insert 
description][(see 
paragraph [specify])] 
 
(Repeat if necessary) 
 
[and] 
 
[The following Reference Item(s)[(k)] [(from [k] = 
[specify] to [k] = [specify])] will apply [for 
[Redemption] determination purposes]: 
 
[For 
[k]=[specify]][specify][insert 
description][(see paragraph [specify])] 
 
(Repeat if necessary) 
12. 
Put/Call Options: 
[Not applicable] 
 
[Noteholder Put Option] 
 
[Issuer Call Option] 
 
[(see paragraph[s] [32][33] below)]

--- Page 382 ---
- 367 - 
 
 
13. 
Date of [Board] approval: 
[] [Not Applicable] 
14. 
Settlement Exchange Rate Provisions: 
[Not applicable][Applicable [in respect of][all 
payments] [payments of [Interest][Principal] 
only][only those payments to which the Settlement 
Exchange Rate Provisions are specified to apply.] 
[(see paragraph[s] [specify] below)] 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Settlement Exchange Rate: 
[Specify rate] [As per Payout Condition 6] 
 
(if a rate is specified then delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph). 
(ii) 
SER Valuation Date(s): 
[specify] [[specify] SER Scheduled Trading Days 
prior to the [scheduled] [specify each payment 
date]] 
 
(where different SER Valuation Dates apply to 
different payment dates, specify in respect of each 
applicable payment date) 
(iii) 
Provisions 
applicable 
to 
determining 
the 
Settlement 
Exchange Rate: 
For the purpose of the definition of Settlement 
Exchange Rate in Payout Condition 6: 
 
SER Price Source: [specify] 
 
SER Valuation Time: [specify] 
 
SER 
Scheduled 
Trading 
Day 
Jurisdiction: 
[specify] 
(iv) 
SER Disruption Events: 
[Price Source Disruption] 
 
[Illiquidity Disruption] 
 
[Dual Exchange Rate] 
 
[General Inconvertibility] 
 
[General Non-Transferability] 
 
[Material Change in Circumstance] 
 
[Nationalisation] 
 
[Price Materiality, where: 
 
SER 
Price 
Materiality 
Percentage: 
[specify][3]% 
 
SER Primary Rate: [specify][The rate 
determined as set out in the definition of 
Settlement Exchange Rate] 
 
SER Secondary Rate: [specify][SER First 
Fallback Reference Price [and]][SER 
Second Fallback Reference Price]]

--- Page 383 ---
- 368 - 
 
 
(v) 
SER Disruption Fallbacks (for 
Price Source Disruption and Price 
Materiality only): 
The following Disruption Fallbacks apply in the 
following order: 
 
[Valuation Postponement] 
 
SER Number of Postponement Settlement Days: 
[[Two][specify]] [Business Days][SER Settlement 
Days] [specify] 
 
SER Maximum Days of Postponement: [specify] 
[First Fallback Reference Price, where: 
 
SER First Fallback Price Source: [specify] 
 
SER First Fallback Valuation Time: 
[specify] 
 
SER First Fallback Number of Settlement 
Days: [specify]] 
 
[Second Fallback Reference Price, where: 
 
SER Second Fallback Price Source: 
[specify] 
 
SER Second Fallback Valuation Time: 
[specify] 
 
SER 
Second 
Fallback 
Number 
of 
Settlement Days: [specify]] 
 
[Calculation 
Agent 
Determination] 
(specify 
fallbacks required and arrange order in which to 
be applied) 
(vi) 
SER Cumulative Events: 
[Not 
applicable][Applicable 
and 
Maximum 
Cumulative 
Days 
of 
Postponement 
means 
[specify]] 
(vii) 
SER Number of Settlement Days: 
[Two][Zero][specify 
other] 
[where 
SER 
Settlement Day Centre(s) means [specify]] 
(viii) 
SER 
Additional 
Disruption 
Event: 
(Specify each of the following which applies) 
[Change in Law] [Hedging Disruption] [Increased 
Cost of Hedging] 
 
[Trade Date means [specify]] 
15. 
Knock-in Event: 
[Not applicable][Applicable: Knock-in Value [in 
respect of [a/the] Knock-in Determination Day is 
[greater than][greater than or equal to][less 
than][less than or equal to] the Knock-
in[Level][Price][[within][outside] the Knock-in 
Range] (Only applicable if a payment to be made 
in respect of the Notes is subject to a condition 
precedent that a Knock-in Event has occurred. If 
not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
[The Reference Item Rate [1][2] is [greater][less] 
than [or equal to] the Knock-in Level]

--- Page 384 ---
- 369 - 
 
 
 
(Insert for Reference Item Linked Notes) 
(i) 
Knock-in Value: 
[insert definition from Payout Condition 5.2] 
(ii) 
Knock-in Level/Knock-in Price: 
[specify value or percentage] 
(iii) 
Knock-in Range: 
From and [including][excluding] [specify range of 
values, percentages, level, or prices etc] to and 
[including][excluding] [specify range of values, 
percentages, level, or prices etc] [Not applicable] 
(iv) 
Knock-in Determination Day(s): 
[specify][Each Scheduled Trading Day in the 
Knock-in Determination Period][Not applicable] 
 
[In the event that a Knock-in Determination Day is 
a 
Disrupted 
Day, 
[Omission][Postponement][Modified 
Postponement] will apply.] 
(v) 
Knock-in Determination Period: 
[specify][Not applicable] 
(vi) 
Knock-in Period Beginning Date: 
[specify][Not applicable] 
(vii) 
Knock-in Period Beginning Date 
Scheduled 
Trading 
Day 
Convention: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
(viii) 
Knock-in Period Ending Date: 
[specify][Not applicable] 
(ix) 
Knock-in Period Ending Date 
Scheduled 
Trading 
Day 
Convention: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
(x) 
Knock-in Valuation Time: 
[specify][Scheduled Closing Time][Any time on a 
Knock-in Determination Day][Not applicable] 
16. 
Knock-out Event: 
[Not applicable][Applicable: The Knock-out 
Value 
[in 
respect 
of 
[a/the] 
Knock-out 
Determination Day is [greater than][greater than or 
equal to][less than][less than or equal to] the 
Knock-out [Level][Price] [within] [outside] the 
Knock-out Range] 
 
(Only applicable if a payment to be made in 
respect of the Notes is subject to a condition 
precedent that a Knock-out Event has occurred. If 
not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
[The Reference Item Rate [1][2] is [greater][less] 
than [or equal to] the Knock-out Level] 
 
(Insert for Reference Item Linked Notes) 
(i) 
Knock-out Value: 
[insert definition from Payout Condition 5.2] 
(ii) 
Knock-out 
Level/Knock-out 
Price: 
[specify value or percentage] 
(iii) 
Knock-out Range: 
From and [including][excluding] [specify range of 
values, percentages, level, or prices etc] to and

--- Page 385 ---
- 370 - 
 
 
[including][excluding] [specify range of values, 
percentages, level, or prices etc] [Not applicable] 
(iv) 
Knock-out 
Determination 
Day(s): 
[[From and including][From and excluding][To 
and including][To but excluding][specify]] 
 
[specify][Each Scheduled Trading Day in the 
Knock-out Determination Period][Not applicable] 
 
[In the event that a Knock-out Determination Day 
is 
a 
Disrupted 
Day, 
[Omission][Postponement][Modified 
Postponement] will apply.] 
(v) 
Knock-out Determination Period: 
[specify][Not applicable] 
(vi) 
Knock-out 
Period 
Beginning 
Date: 
[specify][Not applicable] 
(vii) 
Knock-out Period Ending Date: 
[specify][Not applicable] 
(viii) 
Knock-out 
Period 
Beginning 
Date Scheduled Trading Day 
Convention: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
(ix) 
Knock-out Period Ending Date 
Scheduled 
Trading 
Day 
Convention: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
(x) 
Knock-out Valuation Time: 
[specify][Scheduled Closing Time][Any time on a 
Knock out Determination Day][Not applicable] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
17. 
Interest: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Interest Period End Date(s): 
[specify][General 
Condition 
3(b)(i)(ii) 
applies][Not applicable] 
(ii) 
Business Day Convention for 
Interest Period End Date(s): 
[Following Business Day Convention][Modified 
Following Business Day Convention][Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention][Floating 
Rate 
Convention][Not applicable] 
(if unadjusted specify not applicable. If adjusted 
specify same Business Day Convention as for 
Interest Payment Dates) 
(iii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[specify] [or such later date for payment 
determined as provided in the Settlement 
Exchange Rate Provisions set out in Condition 6 of 
the Payout Conditions]. 
(iv) 
Business Day Convention for 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[Following Business Day Convention][Modified 
Following Business Day Convention][Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention][Floating 
Rate 
Convention][Not applicable] 
 
(If a Business Day Convention is specified for 
Interest Period End Date(s), unless Interest

--- Page 386 ---
- 371 - 
 
 
Payment Date(s) is (are) expressed to be a number 
of Business Days after the relevant Interest Period 
End Final Date, Interest Payment Date(s) must be 
subject to the same Business Day Convention) 
(v) 
Minimum Interest Rate: 
[[specify][per cent.][per annum]][Not applicable] 
 
(If a Minimum Interest Rate applies for each 
Interest Period, the Minimum Interest Rate shall be 
specified separately for each Interest Period) 
(vi) 
Maximum Interest Rate: 
[[specify][per cent.][per annum]][Not applicable] 
 
(If a Maximum Interest Rate applies for each 
Interest Period, the Maximum Interest Rate shall 
be specified separately for each Interest Period.) 
(vii) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360][Actual/Actual 
[(ICMA)][(ISDA)]] 
[Actual/365 [(Fixed)][(Sterling)]] [Actual/360] 
[30/360/] [360/360] [Bond Basis] [30E/360 
[(ISDA)]] [Eurobond Basis] [1/1] [1] [Not 
applicable] 
 
(Where Actual/Actual ICMA is applicable, insert 
Determination Date(s) below) 
 
(Repeat for each Interest Basis as necessary) 
(viii) 
Determination Date(s): 
[[specify][in each year]][Not applicable] 
 
(Only relevant where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual (ICMA). In which case, insert 
regular interest payment dates, ignoring issue date 
or maturity date in the case of a long or short first 
or last coupon) 
(ix) 
Rate of Interest: 
[In respect of each Interest Payment Date [(from 
[specify] to [specify])][falling [on][during the 
period from and including] [specify] [to and 
including [specify]] only]][Not applicable]]the 
Rate of Interest shall be determined by the 
Calculation Agent [as][in accordance with the 
following formula(s)]: 
 
(The above formulation may be repeated as 
necessary for each relevant interest type below) 
 
[Fixed Rate] 
 
[Floating Rate] 
 
(In respect of the following, insert formula, 
relevant value(s) and other related definitions from 
Payout Condition 2.1 and relevant definitions from 
Payout Condition 5) 
 
[Rate of Interest (i)] 
 
[Rate of Interest (ii)] 
 
[Rate of Interest (iii)] 
 
[Rate of Interest (iv)] 
 
[Rate of Interest (v)] 
 
[Rate of Interest (vi)] 
 
[Rate of Interest (vii)] 
 
[Rate of Interest (viii)]

--- Page 387 ---
- 372 - 
 
 
 
[Rate of Interest (ix)] 
 
[Rate of Interest (x) – Range Accrual] 
 
[Rate of Interest (xi) – Digital One Barrier] 
 
[Rate of Interest (xii) – Strike Podium n Barriers] 
 
[Rate of Interest (xiii) – Ramses] 
 
[Rate of Interest (xiv) – Mozart] 
 
[Rate of Interest (xv) – Mozart Variable] 
 
[Rate of Interest (xvi) – Call with Individual Caps] 
 
[Rate of Interest (xvii) – Cappuccino] 
 
[Rate of Interest (xviii) – Best Replace] 
 
[Rate of Interest (xix) – Cliquet] 
 
[Rate of Interest (xx) – Cliquet Digital] 
 
[Rate of Interest (xxi) – Cliquet Digital Lock in] 
 
[Rate of Interest (xxii) – Digital Coupon One 
Condition Condition] 
 
[Rate of Interest (xxiii) – Digital Coupon Two 
Conditions] 
 
[Rate of Interest (xxiv) – TARN] 
 
[Rate of Interest (xxv) – Ratchet] 
 
[Rate of Interest (xxvi) – Multiplier] 
 
[Rate of Interest (xxvii) – Barrier Count Condition] 
 
[Rate of Interest (xxviii) – Podium] 
 
[Rate of Interest (xxix) – Compensation] 
 
[Rate of Interest (xxx) – Dual Currency Digital 
Coupon] 
 
[Rate of Interest (xxxi) – Lock-In Coupon Barrier] 
 
(If the Rate of Interest is calculated by reference to 
Reference Items, Valuation Dates, Observation 
Dates etc. or is otherwise calculated differently in 
respect of each Interest Payment Date, above 
options may be repeated and numerical suffixes 
may be used to clarify which Reference Item, Rate 
of Interest, Valuation Date, Observation Date etc. 
applies in respect of the corresponding Interest 
Payment Date) 
 
[Not applicable] (insert for Specified Interest 
Amount Notes) 
18. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions: 
[Applicable[, in respect of [the][each] Interest 
Payment Date[s] falling [on][during the period 
from and including] [specify] [to and including 
[specify]] only]][Not applicable] 
 
(In respect of Credit Linked Notes) [, subject to the 
provisions of the paragraph "Credit Linked 
Redemption" and the Credit Linked Conditions] 
 
(If more than one fixed rate is to be determined 
repeat items (i) to (iii) of this paragraph for each 
such rate and, if Digital Coupon One Condition of 
Digital Coupon two Conditions apply distinguish 
between the Rate which is Rate A, the Rate which 
is Rate B and the Rate which is Rate C if 
applicable) 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph)

--- Page 388 ---
- 373 - 
 
 
(i) 
Rate(s) of Interest: 
[[specify] [per cent. [per annum] payable 
[annually][semi-annually][quarterly][monthly] in 
arrear on each Interest Payment Date][Not 
applicable] 
 
(Amend appropriately in the case of irregular 
coupons) 
(ii) 
Fixed Coupon Amount(s): 
[[specify] 
per 
Calculation 
Amount][Not 
applicable] 
(iii) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[[specify] per Calculation Amount, payable on the 
Interest 
Payment 
Date[s] 
falling 
[in][on][specify]][Not applicable] 
19. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions: 
[Applicable[, in respect of [the][each] Interest 
Payment Date[s] falling [on][during the period 
from and including] [specify] [to and including 
[specify] only]][Not applicable] [for purposes only 
of determining the "Rate" element of the Rate of 
Interest specified in item 17(ix)] (insert where 
"Rate of Interest (x) - Range Accrual" applies 
under item 17(ix)) 
 
(In respect of Credit Linked Notes) [, subject to the 
provisions of the paragraph "Credit Linked 
Redemption" and the Credit Linked Conditions] 
 
(If more than one floating rate is to be determined, 
repeat items [Specify] to [Specify] for each such 
rate and, if Digital Coupon One Condition of 
Digital Coupon two Conditions apply distinguish 
between the Rate which is Rate A, the Rate which 
is Rate B and the Rate which is Rate C if 
applicable) 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Specified Period(s): 
[specify length of period] [Not applicable] 
(ii) 
Manner in which the Rate of 
Interest and Interest Amount is to 
be determined: 
[Screen 
Rate 
Determination][ISDA 
Determination] 
(iii) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Reference Rate: 
[specify 
period] 
[month] 
[year][[EURIBOR/SONIA/SONIA Compounded 
Index/SOFR/SOFR Compounded Index/€STR]] 
[CMS Rate with a Designated Maturity of [insert 
years]] [specify Government Bond Yield Rate] 
[specify TEC Rate] [with a Designated Maturity of 
[insert year] 
(b) 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[specify]

--- Page 389 ---
- 374 - 
 
 
(Second day on which the TARGET2 System is 
open prior to the start of each Interest Period if 
EURIBOR) 
(c) 
Specified Time: 
[specify] 
 
(which will be 11:00 am, Brussels time, in the case 
of EURIBOR) 
(d) 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[specify] (to be determined in accordance with 
General Condition 4(b)(iv)) 
 
(In the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters 
EURIBOR01 ensure it is a page which shows a 
composite rate or amend the fallback provisions 
appropriately) 
(e)        Observation Method: 
 
[Lag / Observation Shift] 
(f)         Lag Period: 
[5 
/ 
[●] 
TARGET 
Settlement 
Days/U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days/London 
Banking Days/Not Applicable] 
(g)        Observation Shift     
Period: 
[5 
/ 
[●] 
TARGET 
Settlement 
Days/U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days/London 
Banking Days /Not Applicable] 
(NB: A minimum of 5 should be specified for the 
Lag Period or Observation Shift Period, unless 
otherwise agreed with the Calculation Agent) 
(h)         D: 
[360/365/[[●]] / [Not Applicable] 
(i)          Index Determination  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(j)         SONIA Compounded    
Index 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(k)        SOFR Compounded    
Index 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(l)         Relevant Decimal Place 
[●] [5] (unless otherwise specified in the Final 
Terms, it should be the fifth decimal place) 
(m)       Relevant Number of     
Index   Days 
[●] [5] (unless otherwise specified in the Final 
Terms, the Relevant Number shall be 5) 
(iv) 
ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
(a)        ISDA definitions 
[2006/2021] ISDA Definitions 
 
(b) 
Floating Rate Option: 
[●] (If "2021 ISDA Definitions" is selected, ensure 
this is a Floating Rate Option included in the 
Floating Rate Matrix (as defined in the 2021 ISDA 
Definitions)) 
(c) 
Designated Maturity: 
[●] (A Designated Maturity period is not relevant 
where the relevant Floating Rate Option is a risk-
free rate)

--- Page 390 ---
- 375 - 
 
 
(d) 
Reset Date: 
[●] 
 
(In the case of a EURIBOR based option, the first 
day of the interest period) 
(e)         Compounding: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
Compounding Method: 
[Compounding with Lookback: 
Lookback: [[●] Applicable Business Days]/ [As 
specified in the Compounding/ Averaging Matrix 
(as defined in the 2021 ISDA Definitions)]] 
 
 
[Compounding with Observation Period Shift: 
Observation Period Shift: [[●] Observation Period 
Shift Business Days]/ [As specified in the 
Compounding/Averaging Matrix (as defined in the 
2021 ISDA Definitions)] 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business 
Days: [[●]/[Not Applicable]] 
 
 
[Compounding with Lockout: 
Lockout: [[●] Lockout Period Business Days]/[As 
specified in the Compounding/ Averaging Matrix 
(as defined in the 2021 ISDA Definitions)]] 
[Lockout Period Business Days: [●]/[Applicable 
Business Days]] 
(f)         Averaging: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
[Averaging with Lookback 
Lookback: [[●] Applicable Business Days]/ [As 
specified in the Compounding/Averaging Matrix 
(as defined in the 2021 ISDA Definitions)]] 
 
 
[Averaging with Observation Period Shift 
Observation Period Shift: [[●] Observation Period 
Shift Business Days]/ [As specified in the 
Compounding /Averaging Matrix (as defined in 
the 2021 ISDA Definitions)] 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business 
Days: [●]/[Not Applicable]] 
 
 
[Averaging with Lockout 
Lockout: [[●] Lockout Period Business Days]/ [As 
specified in the Compounding/Averaging Matrix 
(as defined in the 2021 ISDA Definitions)] 
Lockout Period Business Days: [●]/[Applicable 
Business Days] 
(g)       Index provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 391 ---
- 376 - 
 
 
 
Index Method: 
Compounded Index Method with Observation 
Period Shift 
Observation Period Shift: [●] Observation Period 
Shift Business Days 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business 
Days: [[●] / Not Applicable]] 
(v) 
Linear Interpolation: 
[Not applicable][Applicable - the Rate of Interest 
for the [long][short] [first][last] Interest Period 
shall be calculated using Linear Interpolation 
(specify for each short or long interest period)] 
(vi) 
Margin(s): 
[[+/-][specify][per 
cent][per 
annum][Not 
applicable] 
 
(If a Margin applies for each Interest Period, the 
Margin shall be specified separately for each 
Interest Period) 
20. 
Specified 
Interest 
Amount 
Note 
Provisions: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] (If not applicable 
delete the remaining subparagraphs of this 
paragraph) 
(i) 
Specified Interest Amount(s): 
[In respect of the [following] Specified Interest 
Payment Dates [from and including [[specify] to 
and including [specify]]], [specify] per Calculation 
Amount 
(repeat as necessary) 
(ii) 
Specified 
Interest 
Payment 
Date(s): 
[specify][[Each][The] Interest Payment Date 
falling on or nearest to] [specify][from and 
including [the Interest Payment Date falling on or 
nearest lo] [specify] to and including [the Interest 
Payment Date falling on or nearest to][specify]][, 
as adjusted in accordance with the Business Day 
Convention] 
21. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(In respect of Credit Linked Notes) [, subject to the 
provisions of the paragraph "Credit Linked 
Redemption" and the Credit Linked Conditions] 
(i) 
Accrual Yield: 
[specify]% [per annum] 
(ii) 
Reference Price: 
[specify] 
 
(If a different Reference Price and/or Accrual 
Yield applies to each Period, the Accrual Yield 
and/or Reference Price shall be specified 
separately for each such Period.) 
22. 
Index Linked Interest Provisions: 
[Applicable] [in respect of [the][each] Interest 
Payment Date[s] falling [on][during the period 
from and including] [specify] [to and including 
[specify] only][Not applicable] [for the purposes of

--- Page 392 ---
- 377 - 
 
 
determining the "Rate of Interest" specified in item 
17(ix)] (insert where "Rate of Interest (x) - Range 
Accrual" applies under item 17(ix)) 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(In respect of Credit Linked Notes) [, subject to the 
provisions of the paragraph "Credit Linked 
Redemption" and the Credit Linked Conditions] 
(i) 
Index/Basket of Indices: 
[specify] [Reference Item[s][k]] 
 
[Composite][non Composite] 
 
[Weighting: [[Not applicable][[specify] Each such 
Weighting shall be subject to adjustment in 
accordance with the Index Linked Conditions]] 
(ii) 
Index Currency: 
[specify] 
(iii) 
Exchange(s) and Index Sponsor: 
(a) 
the 
relevant 
Exchange[s] 
[is][are] 
[specify]; and 
 
(b) 
the relevant Index Sponsor is [specify]. 
(iv) 
Related Exchange: 
[specify][All Exchanges] 
(v) 
Screen Page: 
[specify] 
(vi) 
Strike Date: 
[specify][Not applicable] 
(vii) 
Strike Period [and Strike Days]: 
[specify Strike Period][Not applicable][specify 
applicable Strike Days in the period] 
(viii) 
Averaging: 
Averaging [applies][does not apply] to the Notes. 
[The Averaging Dates are [specify].] [See 
paragraph [specify] above] 
 
[In the event that an Averaging Date is a Disrupted 
Day 
Omission][Postponement][Modified 
Postponement] will apply.] 
 
[[Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will be 
equal to: [specify][five]] 
 
(If no Specified Maximum Days of Disruption are 
stated, Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will 
be equal to five) 
(ix) 
Coupon 
Valuation 
Date(s)/Period(s): 
[specify][Not applicable] 
(x) 
Coupon Valuation Time: 
[Scheduled Closing Time][Any time [on the 
relevant Coupon Valuation Date][during the 
Observation Period]] [[specify], being the time 
specified on the relevant [Coupon Valuation Date] 
or an Averaging Date, as the case may be, for the 
calculation of the Interest Amount] 
 
(If no time is specified, the Coupon Valuation Time 
will be the Scheduled Closing Time)

--- Page 393 ---
- 378 - 
 
 
(xi) 
Observation Date(s): 
[specify][Not applicable] 
 
[In the event that an Observation Date is a 
Disrupted 
Day 
[Omission][Postponement][Modified 
Postponement] will apply.] 
(xii) 
Observation Period: 
[specify][Not applicable] 
(xiii) 
Exchange Business Day: 
[(All Indices Basis)][(Per Index Basis)][(Single 
Index Basis)] (standard election is All Indices 
Basis) 
(xiv) 
Scheduled Trading Day: 
[(All Indices Basis)][(Per Index Basis)][(Single 
Index Basis)][(Cross Asset Basis)] 
 
(must match election made for Exchange Business 
Day) 
(xv) 
Index Correction Period: 
[As set out in Index Linked Condition 7][specify] 
(xvi) 
Disrupted Day: 
[As 
set 
out 
in 
the 
Index 
Linked 
Conditions][specify] 
(xvii) 
Index Adjustment Event: 
[As set out in Index Linked Condition 2][specify] 
 
Delayed Redemption on Occurrence of Index 
Adjustment Event: [Applicable][Not applicable] 
(xviii) Additional Disruption Events: 
[Not applicable] [The following Additional 
Disruption Events apply to the Notes: 
 
(Specify each of the following which 
applies) 
 
[Change in Law] 
 
[Hedging Disruption] 
 
[Increased Cost of Hedging] 
 
[Increased Cost of Stock Borrow] 
 
[Loss of Stock Borrow] 
 
[The Trade Date is [specify].] (Only applicable if 
Change in Law and/or Increased Cost of Hedging 
is applicable) 
 
[The Maximum Stock Loan Rate in respect of 
[specify] is [specify]] (Only applicable if Loss of 
Stock Borrow is applicable) 
 
The Initial Stock Loan rate in respect of [specify] 
is [specify] (Only applicable if Increased Cost of 
Stock Borrow is applicable) 
 
Delayed Redemption on Occurrence of Additional 
Disruption Event: [Applicable][Not applicable]] 
(xix) 
Market Disruption: 
Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will be 
equal to [specify][five][Not applicable]

--- Page 394 ---
- 379 - 
 
 
 
(If no Specified Maximum Days of Disruption are 
stated, Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will 
be equal to five) 
23. 
Equity Linked Interest Provisions: 
[Applicable[, in respect of [the][each] Interest 
Payment Date[s] falling [on][during the period 
from and including] [specify] [to and including 
[specify]] only]][Not applicable] [for the purposes 
of determining the "Rate of Interest" specified in 
item 17(ix)] (insert where "Rate of Interest (x) - 
Range Accrual" applies under item 17(ix)) 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(In respect of Credit Linked Notes) [, subject to the 
provisions of the paragraph "Credit Linked 
Redemption" and the Credit Linked Conditions] 
(i) 
Share(s)/Share Company/Basket 
of Shares/Basket Company: 
[specify] [Reference Item[s][k]] 
[Weighting: [Not applicable][specify] [Each such 
Weighting shall be subject to adjustment in 
accordance with the Equity Linked Conditions] 
(ii) 
Share Currency: 
[specify] 
(iii) 
ISIN of Share(s): 
[specify] 
(iv) 
Screen Page: 
[specify] 
(v) 
Exchange(s): 
[specify] 
(vi) 
Related Exchange(s): 
[specify][All Exchanges] 
(vii) 
Depositary Receipt provisions: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
(a) 
Details of Depositary 
Receipt: 
[specify name and ISIN code] 
(b) 
Underlying Shares: 
[specify] 
(c) 
Underlying Share Issuer: 
[specify] 
(d) 
Share Exchange: 
[specify] 
(viii) 
Strike Date: 
[specify][Not applicable] 
(ix) 
Strike Period [and Strike Days]: 
[specify Strike Period][Not applicable][specify the 
applicable Strike Days in the Strike Period] 
(x) 
Averaging: 
Averaging [applies][does not apply] to the Notes. 
[The Averaging Dates are [specify] [See paragraph 
[specify] above] 
 
[In the event that an Averaging Date is a Disrupted 
Day, 
[Omission][Postponement][Modified 
Postponement] will apply.] 
 
[[Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will be 
equal to: [specify][five]]

--- Page 395 ---
- 380 - 
 
 
 
(If no Specified Maximum Days of Disruption are 
stated, Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will 
be equal to five) 
(xi) 
Coupon 
Valuation 
Date(s)/Period(s): 
[specify][Not applicable] 
(xii) 
Coupon Valuation Time: 
[Scheduled Closing Time][Any time [on the 
relevant Coupon Valuation Date][during the 
Observation Period]] [[specify], being the time 
specified on the relevant [Coupon Valuation Date] 
or an Averaging Date, as the case may be, for the 
calculation of the Interest Amount] 
 
(If no time is specified, the Coupon Valuation Time 
will be the Scheduled Closing Time) 
(xiii) 
Observation Date(s): 
[specify][Not applicable] 
 
[In the event that an Observation Date is a 
Disrupted 
Day, 
[Omission][Postponement][Modified 
Postponement] will apply] 
(xiv) 
Observation Period: 
[specify][Not applicable] 
(xv) 
Exchange Business Day: 
[(All Shares Basis)][(Per Share Basis)][(Single 
Share Basis)][(Cross Asset Basis)] 
(xvi) 
Scheduled Trading Day: 
[(All Shares Basis)][(Per Share Basis)][(Single 
Share Basis)][(Cross Asset Basis)] 
 
(Must match election for Exchange Business Day) 
(xvii) 
Share Correction Period: 
[As set out in Equity Linked Condition 8][specify] 
(xviii) Disrupted Day: 
[As set out in Equity Linked Condition 8][specify] 
(xix) 
Market Disruption: 
Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will be 
equal to [specify][five][Not applicable] 
 
(If no Specified Maximum Days of Disruption is 
stated, Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will 
be equal to five) 
(xx) 
Extraordinary Events: 
[Not applicable][In addition to De-Listing, 
Insolvency, Merger Event and Nationalization,] 
the following Extraordinary Events apply to the 
Notes: 
 
(specify each of the following which applies) 
 
[Tender Offer] 
 
[Listing Change] 
 
[Listing Suspension] 
 
[Illiquidity] 
 
[Delayed 
Redemption 
on 
Occurrence 
of 
Extraordinary Disruption Event]

--- Page 396 ---
- 381 - 
 
 
(xxi) 
Additional Disruption Events: 
[Not 
applicable][The 
following 
Additional 
Disruption Events apply to the Notes: 
 
(Specify each of the following which applies) 
 
[Change in Law] 
 
[Hedging Disruption] 
 
[Insolvency Filing] 
 
[Failure to Deliver due to Illiquidity] 
 
(Only applicable in the case of Physically Settled 
Notes - Failure to Deliver due to Illiquidity is 
applicable to certain Share Linked Notes. Careful 
consideration should be given to whether Failure 
to Deliver due to Illiquidity would apply to other 
Physically Settled Notes) 
 
[Increased Cost of Hedging] 
 
[Increased Cost of Stock Borrow] 
 
[Loss of Stock Borrow] 
 
[Stop-Loss Event] 
 
[Stop-Loss Event Percentage: [specify]%] 
 
[The Trade Date is [specify]] (Only applicable if 
Change in Law and/or Increased Cost of Hedging 
is applicable) 
 
[The Maximum Stock Loan Rate in respect of 
[specify in relation to each relevant Share] is 
[specify]] (Only applicable if Loss of Stock Borrow 
is applicable) 
 
[[The Initial Stock Loan rate in respect of [specify 
in relation to each relevant Share] is [specify]] 
(Only applicable if Increased Cost of Stock Borrow 
is applicable)] 
 
Delayed Redemption on Occurrence of Additional 
Disruption Event: [Applicable][Not applicable]] 
24. 
Inflation Linked Interest Provisions: 
[Applicable[, in respect of [the][each] Interest 
Payment Date[s] falling [on][during the period 
from and including] [specify] [to and including 
[specify]] only]][Not applicable] [for the purposes 
of determining the "Rate of Interest" specified in 
item 17(ix)] (insert where "Rate of Interest (x) – 
Range Accrual" applied under item 17(ix)) 
 
(In respect of Credit Linked Notes) [, subject to the 
provisions of the paragraph "Credit Linked 
Redemption" and the Credit Linked Conditions] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs f this paragraph)

--- Page 397 ---
- 382 - 
 
 
 
(If more than one Inflation Rate is to be 
determined, repeat items (i) to (ix) for each such 
Inflation Rate and, if Digital Coupon One 
Condition of Digital Coupon two Conditions apply 
distinguish between the Rate which is Rate A, the 
Rate which is Rate B and the Rate which is Rate C 
if applicable) 
(i) 
Index / Indices: 
[specify] [Reference Item[s][(k)]] 
 
(Set out each Index level and insert "in respect of 
[specify date]" following each Index level) 
(ii) 
Screen Page/Exchange/ CODE: 
[specify] 
(iii) 
Cut-Off Date: 
[As per the Inflation Linked Conditions][specify] 
(iv) 
Related Bond: 
[specify][Fall Back Bond][Not applicable] 
(v) 
Fallback Bond: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
(vi) 
Index Sponsor: 
[specify] 
(vii) 
Related Bond Redemption Event: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
(viii) 
Strike Date: 
[specify][Not applicable] 
(ix) 
Strike Period [and Strike Days]: 
[Specify Strike Period][Not applicable][Specify the 
applicable Strike Days in the Strike Period] 
(x) 
Determination Date 
[specify][Not applicable] 
(xi) 
Additional Disruption Events: 
[Not 
applicable][The 
following 
Additional 
Disruption Events apply to the Notes: 
 
(Specify each of the following which applies) 
 
[Change in Law] 
 
[Hedging Disruption] 
 
[Increased Cost of Hedging] 
 
[The Trade Date is [specify]. (Only applicable if 
Change in Law and/or Increased Cost of Hedging 
is applicable)]] 
25. 
Fund Linked Interest Provisions: 
[Applicable[, in respect of [the][each] Interest 
Payment Date[s] falling [on][during the period 
from and including] [specify] [to and including 
[specify]] only]][Not applicable] [for the purposes 
of determining the "Rate of Interest" specified in 
item 17(ix)] (insert where "Rate of Interest (x) - 
Range Accrual" applies under item 17(ix)), 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(In respect of Credit Linked Notes) [, subject to the 
provisions of the paragraph "Credit Linked 
Redemption" and the Credit Linked Conditions]

--- Page 398 ---
- 383 - 
 
 
(i) 
Fund/Fund Basket(s): 
[specify] [Reference Item[s][(k)]] 
 
[The [specify] Fund is an Exchange Traded Fund] 
 
[The NAV per Fund Share will be purchased on 
[specify]] (include for funds that are not ETFs) 
(where the Fund is not an ETF, for listed Notes, the 
Fund must be a UCITS Fund or an investment fund 
authorised by the Central Bank of Ireland or the 
Competent Authority of another Member State of 
the EU) 
(ii) 
Fund Shares: 
[specify] 
 
[Weighting: [specify][Not applicable] Each such 
Weighting shall be subject to adjustment in 
accordance with the Fund Linked Conditions] 
(iii) 
Exchange: 
[specify][Not applicable] 
 
(only applicable to ETFs) 
(iv) 
Related Exchange: 
[specify][All Exchanges][Not applicable] 
 
(only applicable to ETFs) 
(v) 
Exchange Business Day: 
[specify][Not applicable] 
 
(only applicable to ETFs) 
(vi) 
Scheduled Trading Day: 
[(All Fund Share Basis)][(Per Fund Share 
Basis][Single Fund Share Basis)][(Cross Asset 
Basis)] 
 
(only applicable to ETFs) 
(vii) 
Strike Date: 
[specify][Not applicable] 
 
(only applicable to ETFs) 
(viii) 
Averaging: 
Averaging [applies][does not apply] to the Notes 
[The Averaging Dates are [specify]] [see paragraph 
[specify] above] 
 
[In the event that an Averaging Date is a Disrupted 
Day 
Omission][Postponement][Modified 
Postponement] will apply] 
 
[[Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will be 
equal to: [specify][five]] 
 
(If no Specified Maximum Days of Disruption are 
stated, Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will 
be equal to five) 
(ix) 
Observation Date: 
[specify][Not applicable] 
 
In the event that an Observation Date is a 
Disrupted 
Date 
[Omission][Postponement][Modified 
Postponement] will apply

--- Page 399 ---
- 384 - 
 
 
(x) 
Observation Period: 
[specify][Not applicable] 
(xi) 
Coupon 
Valuation 
Date(s)/Period(s): 
[specify][Not applicable] 
(xii) 
Valuation Time (only applicable 
to ETFs): 
[Scheduled Closing Time][Any time [on the 
relevant Coupon Valuation Date][during the 
Observation Period]] [[specify], being the time 
specified on the relevant [Coupon Valuation Date] 
or an Averaging Date, as the case may be, for the 
calculation of the Interest Amount] 
 
(If no time is specified, the Valuation Time will be 
the close of trading on the Exchange) 
(xiii) 
Fund Service Provider: 
[specify][As set out in Fund Linked Condition 7] 
(xiv) 
Fund Documents: 
[specify] 
(xv) 
Fund Business Day: 
[(All Fund Share Basis)][(Per Fund Share 
Basis)][(Single Fund Share Basis)] 
(xvi) 
Initial Calculation Date: 
[specify][As set out in Fund Linked Condition 7] 
[Not applicable] 
(xvii) 
Final Calculation Date: 
[specify][As set out in Fund Linked Condition 7] 
[Not applicable] 
(xviii) Calculation Date(s): 
[specify][As set out in Fund Linked Condition 7] 
[Not applicable] 
(xix) 
Exchange Rate: 
[specify][Not applicable] 
(xx) 
NAV Barrier: 
[specify][Not applicable] 
(xxi) 
NAV Trigger Percentage: 
[specify][As set out in Fund Linked Condition 7] 
[Not applicable] 
(xxii) 
NAV Trigger Period: 
[specify][As set out in Fund Linked Condition 7] 
[Not applicable] 
(xxiii) Number of NAV Publication 
Days: 
[specify][As set out in Fund Linked Condition 7] 
[Not applicable] 
(xxiv) Basket Trigger Level: 
[specify][As set out in Fund Linked Condition 7] 
[Not applicable] 
(xxv) 
Termination Amounts: 
[Delta 1 Termination Amount][Principal Protected 
Termination Amount][Non-Principal Protected 
Termination Amount][Not applicable] 
(xxvi) Termination Date: 
[specify][Not applicable] 
(xxvii) Delta 1 Termination Date: 
[specify][Not applicable] 
(xxviii) Protected Amount: 
[specify][Not applicable] 
(xxix) Simple Interest Spread: 
[specify][As set out in Fund Linked Condition 7] 
[Not applicable] 
(xxx) 
Spread: 
[specify][Not applicable]

--- Page 400 ---
- 385 - 
 
 
(xxxi) Market Disruption: 
[Not applicable][Specified Maximum Days of 
Disruption will be equal to [specify][five]] 
 
(lf no Specified Maximum Days of Disruption are 
stated, Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will 
be equal to five) 
(xxxii) Extraordinary Fund Event: 
As set out in Fund Linked Condition 4 
 
Delayed Redemption on the Occurrence of an 
Extraordinary Fund Event: [Applicable][Not 
applicable] 
(xxxiii) Additional Extraordinary Fund 
Event: 
[Not 
applicable][The 
following 
Additional 
Disruption Events apply to the Notes: 
 
(Specify each of the following which applies) 
 
[Change in Law] 
 
[Hedging Disruption] 
 
[Increased Cost of Hedging] 
 
[The Trade Date is [specify]] (only applicable if 
Change in Law and/or Increased Cost of Hedging 
is applicable) 
 
(Specify whether each Additional Extraordinary 
Fund Event is a Substitution Event or a 
Termination Event) 
(xxxiv) Delayed Payment Cut-Off Date: 
[As set out in Fund Linked Condition 6][specify] 
26. 
Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked 
Interest Provisions: 
[Applicable[, in respect of [the][each] Interest 
Payment Date[s] falling [on][during the period 
from and including] [specify] [to and including 
[specify]] only]][Not applicable] [for the purposes 
of determining the "Rate of Interest" specified in 
item 17(ix)] (insert where "Rate of Interest (x) - 
Range Accrual" applies under item 17(ix)) 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(In respect of Credit Linked Notes) [, subject to the 
provisions of the paragraph "Credit Linked 
Redemption" and the Credit Linked Conditions] 
(i) 
Base Currency: 
[specify][Not applicable][For Reference Item[(k)]: 
[insert]] 
(ii) 
Subject Currency/Currencies: 
[specify][Not applicable][For Reference Item[(k)]: 
[insert]] [and EM Foreign Exchange Rate 
Provisions apply to such Subject Currency] 
(iii) 
Additional Disruption Event: 
(Specify each of the following which applies) 
[Change in Law] [Hedging Disruption] [Increased 
Cost of Hedging] 
 
[Trade Date means [specify]]

--- Page 401 ---
- 386 - 
 
 
(iv) 
Averaging: 
Averaging [applies][does not apply] to the Notes. 
[The Averaging Dates are [specify]] [see paragraph 
[specify] above] 
[In the event that an Averaging Date is a Disrupted 
Day 
Omission][Postponement][Modified 
Postponement] will apply] 
[[Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will be 
equal to: [specify][five]] 
(if no Specified Maximum Days of Disruption are 
stated, Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will 
be equal to five) 
(v) 
Observation Date(s): 
[specify][Not applicable] 
(vi) 
Observation Period: 
[specify][Not applicable] 
(vii) 
Strike Date: 
[specify][Not applicable] 
(viii) 
Strike Period [and Strike Days]: 
[Specify Strike Period][Not applicable][Specify the 
applicable Strike Days in the Strike Period] 
(ix) 
Coupon 
Valuation 
Date(s)/Period(s): 
[specify][Not applicable] 
(x) 
Provisions applicable where EM 
Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate 
Provisions do not apply to a 
Settlement Currency: 
[Applicable [in respect of [specify Subject 
Currencies to which these provisions apply where 
there is a Basket]]][Not applicable] 
(Where applicable for more than one Subject 
Currency, complete as relevant for each such 
Subject Currency) 
(a) 
Delayed Redemption on 
the Occurrence of a 
Disruption Event: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
(b) 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[specify][Not applicable] 
(c) 
Specified 
Maximum 
Days of Disruption: 
[Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will be 
equal to: [specify][five]][Not applicable] 
(If no Specified Maximum Days of Disruption are 
stated, Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will 
be equal to five) 
(d) 
Price Source: 
[specify] 
(e) 
Valuation Time: 
[specify][As per Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate 
Linked Note Condition 6] 
(xi) 
Provisions applicable where EM 
Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate 
Provisions apply: 
[Applicable [in respect of [specify Subject 
Currencies to which these provisions apply where 
there is a Basket]]][Not applicable] 
(Where applicable for more than one Subject 
Currency, complete as relevant for each such 
Subject Currency)

--- Page 402 ---
- 387 - 
 
 
(a) 
Provisions applicable to 
determining 
the 
Settlement Price: 
For the purpose of the definition of Settlement 
Price in Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Note 
Condition 6 [and [specify the relevant Subject 
Currency 
where 
more 
than 
one 
Subject 
Currency]]: 
EM FX Price Source: [specify] 
EM Valuation Time: [specify] 
EM Scheduled Trading Day Jurisdiction: 
[specify] 
(b) 
EM Disruption Events: 
[Price Source Disruption] 
[Illiquidity Disruption] 
[Dual Exchange Rate] 
[General Inconvertibility] 
[General Non-Transferability] 
[Material Change in Circumstance] 
[Nationalisation] 
[Price Materiality, where: 
EM 
Price 
Materiality 
Percentage: 
[specify][3]% 
EM Primary Rate: [specify][The rate 
determined as set out in the definition of 
Settlement Price] 
EM Secondary Rate: [specify][[EM First 
Fallback Reference Price [and]][EM 
Second Fallback Reference Price]] 
(Specify in respect of each Subject Currency where 
EM Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Provisions apply 
to more than one such Subject Currency and 
different EM Disruption Events (or components 
thereof) also apply thereto) 
(c) 
EM 
Disruption 
Fallbacks: 
[EM Calculation Agent Determination] 
[EM First Fallback Reference Price, where: 
First Fallback EM FX Price Source: 
[specify] 
First Fallback EM Valuation Time: 
[specify] 
First Fallback EM Number of Settlement 
Days: [specify]] 
[EM Second Fallback Reference Price, where:

--- Page 403 ---
- 388 - 
 
 
Second Fallback EM FX Price Source: 
[specify] 
Second Fallback EM Valuation Time: 
[specify] 
Second 
Fallback 
EM 
Number 
of 
Settlement Days: [specify]] 
[EM Valuation Postponement] 
(Specify in respect of each Subject Currency where 
EM Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Provisions apply 
to more than one such Subject Currency and 
different EM Disruption Fallbacks (or components 
thereof) also apply thereto) 
(d) 
EM Maximum Days of 
Postponement: 
[specify] 
(Specify in respect of each Subject Currency where 
EM Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Provisions apply 
to more than one such Subject Currency and 
different EM Disruption Fallbacks (or components 
thereof) also apply thereto) 
(e) 
EM Cumulative Events: 
[Not applicable][Applicable and EM Maximum 
Cumulative 
Days 
of 
Postponement 
means 
[specify]] 
(Specify in respect of each Subject Currency where 
EM Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Provisions apply 
to more than one such Subject Currency and 
different EM Disruption Fallbacks (or components 
thereof) also apply thereto) 
(f) 
EM 
Number 
of 
Settlement Days: 
[Two][Zero][specify other number of days] [where 
Settlement Day Centre(s) means [specify]] 
(g) 
EM 
Number 
of 
Postponement 
Settlement Days: 
[[Two][specify]] [Business Days][EM Settlement 
Days] [specify] 
27. 
Reference 
Item 
Rate 
Linked 
Interest/Redemption: 
[Applicable [, in respect of [the][each] Interest 
Payment Date[s] falling [on][during the period 
from and including] [specify] [to and including] 
[specify] only][Not applicable] [for the purposes of 
determining the "Rate of Interest" specified in item 
17(ix)] (insert where "Rate of Interest x) - Range 
Accrual" applies under item 17(ix)) 
 
(In respect of Credit Linked Notes) [, subject to the 
provisions of the paragraph "Credit Linked 
Redemption" and the Credit Linked Conditions] 
 
[The [Floating][Fixed] Rate Note Provisions shall 
apply. For the purposes of determining the 
Reference Item Rate on the basis of elections in 
this paragraph] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)

--- Page 404 ---
- 389 - 
 
 
 
(If more than one Reference Item Rate is to be 
determined, include the following language: 
"Reference Item Rate [specify] is as follows:" and 
repeat items (i) to (vi)) below for each such 
Reference Item Rate) 
(i) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Reference Item Rate: 
[specify period][month][year][EURIBOR][CMS 
Rate with a Designated Maturity of [insert 
year][specify 
Government 
Bond 
Yield 
Rate][specify TEC Rate] [with a Designated 
Maturity of [insert years]] 
(b) 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[specify] 
 
(e.g: Second day on which the TARGET2 System is 
open prior to the start of each Interest Period if 
EURIBOR. Where the Rate of Interest is being 
used other than for a Floating Rate Note, ensure 
that this is not specified in respect of an Interest 
Period and the relevant Range Accrual Day may 
be specified where relevant for Range Accrual 
Notes.) 
(c) 
Specified Time: 
[specify] 
 
(which will be 11:00 am, Brussels time, in the case 
of EURIBOR) 
(d) 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[specify] 
 
(In the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters 
EURIBOR01 ensure it is a page which shows a 
composite rate or amend the fallback provisions 
appropriately) 
(ii) 
ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Floating Rate Option: 
[specify] 
(b) 
Designated Maturity: 
[specify] 
(c) 
Reset Date: 
[specify] 
(iii) 
Reference Item Spread: 
[Reference Item Rate 1 minus Reference Item Rate 
2][Not applicable] 
 
[See paragraph [   ][above][below] 
 
(If a Reference Spread applies for each Interest 
Period, the Reference Spread shall be specified 
separately for each Interest Period.)

--- Page 405 ---
- 390 - 
 
 
(iv) 
Coupon 
Valuation 
Date(s)/Period(s): 
[specify][Not applicable] 
(v) 
Rate Cut-Off Date: 
[specify] 
[See 
paragraph 
[specify][above][below][Not applicable] 
(vi) 
Business Day: 
As used in this item and for the purpose of 
determining the Reference Item Rate only, 
"Business Day" means [a day on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets 
settle payments and are open for general business 
(including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign 
currency deposits) in [specify] [A Target 
Settlement Day][[a "U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day", being any day except for a 
Saturday, Sunday or a day on which the Securities 
Industry and Financial Markets Association 
recommends that the fixed income departments of 
its members be closed for the entire day for the 
purposes of trading in U.S. government securities.] 
 
[Not applicable] 
28. 
Combination Note Interest: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
 
(Applicable in relation to Interest linked to a 
combination of types of Reference Items) 
 
(If applicable, complete relevant prompts from 
Paragraphs [17] to [27] above) 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
29. 
Final Redemption Amount: 
[Redemption at par][Calculation Amount * 
[specify]%][Calculation Amount * Final Payout] [, 
subject to [specify]][the application of the 
Settlement Exchange Rate Provisions [in the 
specified circumstances set out in the Final Payout 
Formula only]]] 
30. 
Final Payout: 
[Not applicable] 
 
(In respect of the following, insert formula from 
Payout Condition 2.2 and relevant definitions from 
Payout Condition 5) 
 
[Redemption (i)] 
 
[Redemption (ii) – Call] 
 
[Redemption (iii) – Put] 
 
[Redemption (iv)] 
 
[Redemption (v) – Multiplier] 
 
[Redemption (vi) – Digital] 
 
[Redemption (vii) – Digital with Knock-in] 
 
[Redemption (viii) – Strike Podium n Conditions] 
 
[Redemption (ix) – Versus Standard] 
 
[Redemption (x) – Versus] 
 
[Redemption (xi) – Knock-in Standard] 
 
[Redemption (xii) – Twin Win] 
 
[Redemption (xiii) – Himalaya] 
 
[Redemption (xiv) – Podium] 
 
[Redemption (xv) – Booster] 
 
Redemption (xvi) – Bonus]

--- Page 406 ---
- 391 - 
 
 
 
[Redemption (xvii) – Lock-in] 
31. 
Automatic Early Redemption: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
 
(If applicable, specify one of the following) 
 
[ST 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption][Target 
Automatic Early Redemption] (always insert 
"Target Automatic Early Redemption Event" in 
relation to Accumulated Coupon) 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption 
Event: 
[In respect of [any][all] Automatic Early 
Redemption Valuation Date[s] [from (i)=[specify] 
to 
(i)=[specify]] 
[for 
[each][the][relevant][any][all] Automatic Early 
Redemption 
Valuation 
Period[s] 
[from 
([i])=[specify] to ([i])=[specify]] [,the] AER Value 
is: [greater than][greater than or equal to][less 
than][less than or equal to] the Automatic Early 
Redemption [Level][Price]] [within][outside] the 
Automatic Early Redemption Range](repeat as 
necessary) 
(ii) 
AER Value: 
[insert relevant value definition and where 
applicable relevant definitions from Payout 
Condition 5.1 and 5.2] 
(iii) 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption 
Payout: 
The Automatic Early Redemption Amount shall be 
determined in accordance with the following 
formula: 
 
(Insert relevant formula from payout annex) 
(iv) 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption 
Level/Price: 
[[specify] [per cent.]][Not applicable] 
(v) 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption 
Range: 
From and [including][excluding][specify range of 
values, percentages, level, or prices etc] to and 
[including][excluding] [specify range of values, 
percentages, level or prices etc][Not applicable] 
(vi) 
AER Percentage: 
[specify]%][Not applicable] 
 
(insert where ST Automatic Early Redemption 
applies) 
(vii) 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption 
Date(s): 
[specify] [The date falling [specify] Business Days 
following 
[each][the] 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption [Date][Period] in respect of which an 
Automatic Early Redemption Event has occurred] 
[or such later date for payment determined as 
provided in the Settlement Exchange Rate 
Provisions set out in Condition 6 of the Payout 
Conditions]]. 
(viii) 
AER Additional Rate: 
[AER Rate][Insert relevant provisions from 
Payout Condition 5.1][Not applicable]

--- Page 407 ---
- 392 - 
 
 
 
[AER Rate DCF][Insert relevant provisions from 
Conditions] 
 
[AER Rate MT][Insert relevant provisions from 
Conditions] 
(ix) 
[(i)] Automatic Early Redemption 
Valuation Date(s):. 
[(ii) Automatic Early Redemption 
Valuation Period(s):] 
[specify] [Each [specify] [Scheduled Trading Day] 
falling within the [relevant] Automatic Early 
Redemption Valuation Period] 
(repeat as necessary). [[from (i)=[specify] to 
[specify] 
[Each][The] 
period 
from 
[and 
including][but 
excluding][specify], 
to 
[and 
including][but excluding][specify] 
(repeat as necessary) 
(x) 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption 
Valuation Time: 
[specify][Scheduled Closing Time][Any time [on 
the 
relevant 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption 
Valuation Date][during the Automatic Early 
Redemption Valuation Period]. 
(xi) 
Averaging: 
Averaging [applies][does not apply] to the Notes. 
[The Averaging Dates are [specify].] [See 
paragraph [specify] above] 
 
[In the event that an Averaging Date is a Disrupted 
Day 
[Omission][Postponement][Modified 
Postponement] will apply] 
 
[Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will be 
equal to: [specify][five] 
 
(If no Specified Maximum Days of Disruption are 
stated, Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will 
be equal to five) 
32. 
Issuer Call Option: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[specify] [or such later date for payment 
determined as provided in the Settlement 
Exchange Rate Provisions set out in Condition 6 of 
the Payout Conditions]]. 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Valuation 
Date(s): 
[specify][Not applicable] 
(iii) 
Optional Redemption Amount: 
[[specify] per Calculation Amount] 
 
(Insert relevant Optional Redemption Amount in 
respect of each relevant Optional Redemption 
Date. These may be set out in a table or annexed 
to the Final Terms) 
(iv) 
If redeemable in part: 
 
(a) 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[specify][Not applicable]

--- Page 408 ---
- 393 - 
 
 
(b) 
Higher 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[specify][Not applicable] 
(v) 
Notice periods: 
Minimum period: [specify] 
 
Maximum period: [specify] 
 
[Not applicable] 
 
(When setting notice periods, the Issuer is advised 
to consider the practicalities of distribution of 
information through intermediaries, for example, 
clearing systems (which require a minimum of 5 
business days' notice for a call) and custodians, as 
well as any other notice requirements which may 
apply, for example, as between the Issuer and the 
Agent.) 
33. 
Noteholder Put: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[specify] [or such later date for payment 
determined as provided in the Settlement 
Exchange Rate Provisions set out in Condition 6 of 
the Payout Conditions]]. 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Valuation 
Date(s): 
[specify][Not applicable] 
(iii) 
Optional Redemption Amount(s): 
[[specify] [per Calculation Amount][The Optional 
Redemption Amount shall be determined in 
accordance with the following formula: 
 
(Insert relevant formula from Payout Annex)] 
(iv) 
Notice periods: 
Minimum period: [specify][Not applicable] 
 
Maximum period: [specify][Not applicable] 
 
(When setting notice periods, the Issuer is advised 
to consider the practicalities of distribution of 
information through intermediaries, for example, 
clearing systems (which require a minimum of 15 
business days' notice for a put) and custodians, as 
well as any other notice requirements which may 
apply, for example, as between the Issuer and the 
Agent) 
34. 
Early Redemption Amount: 
[[specify] per Calculation Amount][As set out in 
General Condition 5] 
35. 
Index Linked Redemption: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Index/Basket of Indices: 
[specify][Reference Item[s][(k)]] 
 
[Composite][Non Composite]

--- Page 409 ---
- 394 - 
 
 
 
[Weighting: [Not applicable][[specify] [Each such 
Weighting shall be subject to adjustment in 
accordance with the Index Linked Conditions]] 
(ii) 
Index Currency: 
[specify] 
(iii) 
Exchange(s) and Index Sponsor: 
(a) 
the 
relevant 
Exchange[s] 
[is][are] 
[specify]; and 
 
(b) 
the relevant Index Sponsor is [specify] 
(iv) 
Related Exchange: 
[specify][All Exchanges][Not applicable] 
(v) 
Screen Page: 
[specify][Not applicable] 
(vi) 
Strike Date: 
[specify][Not applicable] 
(vii) 
Strike Period [and Strike Days]: 
[Specify Strike Period][Not applicable][Specify the 
applicable Strike Days in the Strike Period] 
(viii) 
Averaging: 
Averaging [applies][does not apply] to the Notes. 
[The Averaging Dates are [specify]] [See 
paragraph [specify] above] 
 
[In the event that an Averaging Date is a Disrupted 
Day 
[Omission][Postponement][Modified 
Postponement] will apply] 
 
[Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will be 
equal to: [specify][five]] 
 
(If no Specified Maximum Days of Disruption are 
stated, Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will 
be equal to five) 
(ix) 
Redemption Valuation Date(s): 
[specify][Not applicable] 
(x) 
Redemption Valuation Time: 
[Scheduled Closing Time][Any time [on the 
relevant Redemption Valuation Date][during the 
Observation Period]] [[specify], being the time 
specified on the relevant [Redemption Valuation 
Date] or an Averaging Date, as the case may be, 
for the calculation of the [Redemption Amount] 
(xi) 
Observation Date(s): 
[specify][Not applicable] 
 
[In the event that an Observation Date is a 
Disrupted 
Day 
[Omission][Postponement][Modified 
Postponement] will apply] 
(xii) 
Observation Period: 
[specify][Not applicable] 
(xiii) 
Exchange Business Day: 
[(All Indices Basis)][(Per Index Basis)][(Single 
Index Basis)][(Cross Asset Basis)] 
 
(standard election is All Indices Basis) 
(xiv) 
Scheduled Trading Day: 
[(All Indices Basis)][(Per Index Basis)][(Single 
Index Basis)][(Cross Asset Basis)]

--- Page 410 ---
- 395 - 
 
 
 
(must match election made for Exchange Business 
Day) 
(xv) 
Index Correction Period: 
[As set out in Index Linked Condition 7][specify] 
(xvi) 
Disrupted Day: 
[As 
set 
out 
in 
the 
Index 
Linked 
Conditions][specify] 
(xvii) 
Index Adjustment Event: 
[As set out in Index Linked Condition 2][specify] 
 
Delayed Redemption on Occurrence of Index 
Adjustment Event: [Applicable][Not applicable] 
(xviii) Additional Disruption Event: 
[Not 
applicable][The 
following 
Additional 
Disruption Events apply to the Notes: 
 
(Specify each of the following which applies) 
 
[Change in Law] 
 
[Hedging Disruption] 
 
[Increased Cost of Hedging] 
 
[Increased Cost of Stock Borrow] 
 
[Loss of Stock Borrow] 
 
[[The Trade Date is [specify] (only applicable if 
Change in Law and/or Increased Cost of Hedging 
is applicable)] 
 
[[The Maximum Stock Loan Rate in respect of 
[specify in relation to each relevant Share] is 
[specify] (only applicable if Loss of Stock Borrow 
is applicable)] 
 
[[The Initial Stock Loan rate in respect of [specify 
in relation to each relevant Share] is [specify] 
(only applicable if Increased Cost of Stock Borrow 
is applicable)] 
 
Delayed Redemption on Occurrence of Additional 
Disruption Event: [Applicable][Not applicable]] 
(xix) 
Market Disruption: 
Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will be 
equal to [specify][five] 
 
(If no Specified Maximum Days of Disruption are 
stated, Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will 
be equal to five) 
36. 
Equity Linked Redemption 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Share/Basket of Shares/Basket 
Company: 
[specify] [Reference Item[s][(k)]]

--- Page 411 ---
- 396 - 
 
 
 
[Weighting: [Not applicable][specify] [Each such 
Weighting shall be subject to adjustment in 
accordance with the Equity Linked Conditions]] 
(ii) 
Share Currency: 
[specify] 
(iii) 
ISIN of Share(s): 
[specify] 
(iv) 
Screen Page: 
[specify] 
(v) 
Exchange: 
[specify] 
(vi) 
Related Exchange(s): 
[specify][All Exchanges][Not applicable] 
(vii) 
Depositary Receipt provisions: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Details of Depositary 
Receipt: 
[specify name and ISIN code] 
(b) 
Underlying Shares: 
[specify] 
(c) 
Underlying Share Issuer: 
[specify] 
(d) 
Share Exchange: 
[specify] 
(viii) 
Strike Date: 
[specify] 
(ix) 
Strike Period [and Strike Days]: 
[specify Strike Period][Not applicable][specify the 
applicable Strike Days in the Strike Period] 
(x) 
Averaging: 
Averaging [applies/does not apply] to the Notes 
[The Averaging Dates are [specify]] [See 
paragraph [specify] above] 
 
[In the event that an Averaging Date is a Disrupted 
Day 
Omission][Postponement][Modified 
Postponement] will apply.] 
 
[Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will be 
equal to: [specify][five]] 
 
(If no Specified Maximum Days of Disruption are 
stated, Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will 
be equal to five) 
(xi) 
Redemption Valuation Date(s): 
[specify] 
(xii) 
Redemption Valuation Time: 
[Scheduled Closing Time][Any time [on the 
relevant Redemption Valuation Date][during the 
Observation Period]] [[specify], being the time 
specified on the relevant [Redemption Valuation 
Date] or an Averaging Date, as the case may be, 
for the calculation of the [Redemption Amount] 
(xiii) 
Observation Date(s): 
[specify][Not applicable] 
 
In the event that an Observation Date is a 
Disrupted 
Date

--- Page 412 ---
- 397 - 
 
 
[Omission][Postponement][Modified 
Postponement] will apply 
(xiv) 
Observation Period: 
[specify][Not applicable] 
(xv) 
Exchange Business Day: 
[(All Shares Basis)][(Per Share Basis)][(Single 
Share Basis)][(Cross Asset Basis)] 
(xvi) 
Scheduled Trading Day: 
[(All Shares Basis)][(Per Share Basis)][(Single 
Share Basis)][(Cross Asset Basis)] 
(xvii) 
Share Correction Period: 
[As set out in Equity Linked Condition 8][specify] 
(xviii) Disrupted Days: 
[As set out in Equity Linked Condition 8][specify] 
(xix) 
Market Disruption: 
Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will be 
equal to [specify][five] 
 
(lf no Specified Maximum Days of Disruption are 
stated, Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will 
be equal to five) 
(xx) 
Extraordinary Events: 
[Not applicable][In addition to De-Listing, 
Insolvency, Merger Event and Nationalization,] 
the following Extraordinary Events apply to the 
Notes: 
 
[Tender Offer] 
 
[Listing Change] 
 
[Listing Suspension] 
 
[Illiquidity] 
 
[Delayed 
Redemption 
on 
Occurrence 
of 
Extraordinary Disruption Event] 
(xxi) 
Additional Disruption Events: 
[Not 
applicable][The 
following 
Additional 
Disruption Events apply to the Notes: 
 
(Specify each of the following which applies) 
 
[Change in Law] 
 
[Hedging Disruption] 
 
[Insolvency Filing] 
 
[Failure to Deliver due to Illiquidity] 
 
(N.B. Only applicable in the case of Physically 
Settled Notes - Failure to Deliver due to Illiquidity 
is applicable to certain Share Linked Notes. 
Careful consideration should be given to whether 
Failure to Deliver due to Illiquidity would apply to 
other Physically Settled Notes) 
 
[Increased Cost of Hedging] 
 
[Increased Cost of Stock Borrow]

--- Page 413 ---
- 398 - 
 
 
 
[Loss of Stock Borrow] 
 
[Stop-Loss Event] 
 
[Stop-Loss Event Percentage: [specify]%] 
 
[The Trade Date is [specify]] (Only applicable if 
Change in Law and/or Increased Cost of Hedging 
is applicable) 
 
[The Maximum Stock Loan Rate in respect of 
[specify in relation to each relevant Share] is 
[specify]] (Only applicable if Loss of Stock Borrow 
is applicable) 
 
[The Initial Stock Loan rate in respect of [specify 
in relation to each relevant Share] is [specify]] 
(Only applicable if Increased Cost of Stock Borrow 
is applicable) 
 
Delayed Redemption on Occurrence of Additional 
Disruption Event: [Applicable][Not applicable]] 
37. 
Inflation Linked Redemption: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
 
(lf not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Index/Indices: 
[specify] [Reference Item[s][(k)]] 
(ii) 
Screen page/Exchange/CODE: 
[specify] 
(iii) 
Index Sponsor: 
[specify] 
(iv) 
Cut-Off Date: 
[As per the Inflation Linked Conditions][specify] 
(v) 
Related Bond: 
[specify][Fall Back Bond][Not applicable] 
(vi) 
Fall Back Bond: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
(vii) 
Related Bond Redemption Event: 
[As set out in Inflation Linked Condition 
4][specify] 
(viii) 
Strike Date: 
[specify][Not applicable] 
(ix) 
Strike Period [and Strike Days]: 
[Specify Strike Period][Not applicable][Specify the 
applicable Strike Days in the Strike Period] 
(x) 
Determination Date(s): 
[specify] 
(xi) 
Additional Redemption Event: 
[Not 
applicable][The 
following 
Additional 
Disruption Events apply to the Notes: 
 
(Specify each of the following which applies) 
 
[Change in Law] 
 
[Hedging Disruption] 
 
[Increased Cost of Hedging]

--- Page 414 ---
- 399 - 
 
 
 
[The Trade Date is [specify] (Only applicable if 
Change in Law and/or Increased Cost of Hedging 
is applicable)] 
38. 
Fund linked Redemption: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
 
(lf not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Fund/Fund Basket: 
[specify][Reference Item[s][(k)]] 
 
[The [specify] Fund is an Exchange Traded Fund] 
 
[Weighting: [specify][Not applicable] [Each such 
Weighting shall be subject to adjustment in 
accordance with the Fund Linked Conditions]] 
(ii) 
Fund Shares: 
[specify] 
(iii) 
Exchange: 
[specify][Not applicable] 
 
(only applicable to ETFs) 
(iv) 
Related Exchange: 
[specify][All Exchanges][Not applicable] 
 
(only applicable to ETFs) 
(v) 
Exchange Business Day: 
[Applicable: [(All Fund Shares Basis)] [(Per Fund 
Share Basis)] [(Single Fund Share Basis)] [(Cross 
Asset Basis)]] [Not applicable] 
 
(only applicable to ETFs) 
(vi) 
Scheduled Trading Day: 
[Applicable: [(All Fund Shares Basis)] [(Per Fund 
Share Basis)] [(Single Fund Share Basis)] [(Cross 
Asset Basis)]] [Not applicable] 
 
(only applicable to ETFs) 
(vii) 
Strike Date: 
[specify][Not applicable] 
 
(only applicable to ETFs) 
(viii) 
Strike Period [and Strike Days]: 
[specify Strike Period][Not applicable][specify the 
applicable Strike Days in the Strike Period] 
(ix) 
Averaging: 
Averaging [applies][does not apply] to the Notes 
[The Averaging Dates are [specify]][See paragraph 
[specify] above] 
 
[In the event that an Averaging Date is a Disrupted 
Day 
Omission][Postponement][Modified 
Postponement] will apply] 
 
[[Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will be 
equal to: [specify][five]] 
 
(If no Specified Maximum Days of Disruption are 
stated, Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will 
be equal to five) 
(x) 
Observation Date: 
[specify][Not applicable]

--- Page 415 ---
- 400 - 
 
 
 
In the event that an Observation Date is a 
Disrupted 
Date 
[Omission][Postponement][Modified 
Postponement] will apply 
(xi) 
Observation Period: 
[specify][Not applicable] 
(xii) 
Redemption Valuation Date: 
[specify][Not applicable] 
(xiii) 
Valuation Time (only applicable 
to ETFs): 
[Scheduled Closing Time][Any time [on the 
relevant Redemption Valuation Date][during the 
Observation Period]] [[specify], being the time 
specified on the relevant [Redemption Valuation 
Date] or an Averaging Date, as the case may be, 
for the calculation of the [Redemption Amount] 
 
(If no time is specified, the Coupon Valuation Time 
will be the Scheduled Closing Time) 
(xiv) 
Fund Service Provider: 
[specify][As set out in Fund Linked Condition 4] 
(xv) 
Fund Documents: 
[specify] 
(xvi) 
Fund Business Day: 
[specify][All Fund Share Basis][Per Fund Share 
Basis][(Single Fund Share Basis)] 
(xvii) 
Initial Calculation Date: 
[specify][As set out in Fund Linked Condition 
7][Not applicable] 
(xviii) Final Calculation Date: 
[specify][As set out in Fund Linked Condition 
7][Not applicable][Not applicable] 
(xix) 
Calculation Date(s): 
[specify][As set out in Fund Linked Condition 
7][Not applicable] 
(xx) 
Exchange Rate: 
[specify][Not applicable] 
(xxi) 
NAV Barrier: 
[specify][Not applicable] 
(xxii) 
NAV Trigger Percentage: 
[specify][As per the Fund Linked Condition 
7][specify][Not applicable] 
(xxiii) NAV Trigger Period: 
[As per the Fund Linked Conditions][specify] 
(xxiv) Basket Trigger Level: 
[specify][Not applicable] [As set out in Fund 
Linked Condition 7][Not applicable] 
(xxv) 
Number of NAV Publication 
Days: 
[specify] [As set out in Fund Linked Condition 
7][Not applicable] 
(xxvi) Termination Amounts: 
[Delta 1 Termination Amount][Principal Protected 
Termination Amount][Non Principal Protected 
Termination Amount][Not applicable] 
(xxvii) Delta I Termination Amount: 
[specify][Not applicable] 
(xxviii) Protected Amount: 
[specify][Not applicable] 
(xxix) Termination Date: 
[specify][Not applicable] 
(xxx) 
Simple Interest Spread: 
[specify][Not applicable][As set out in Fund 
Linked Condition 7]

--- Page 416 ---
- 401 - 
 
 
(xxxi) Spread: 
[specify][Not applicable] 
(xxxii) Market Disruption: 
Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will be 
equal to [specify][five] 
 
(lf no Specified Maximum Days of Disruption are 
stated, Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will 
be equal to five) 
(xxxiii) Extraordinary Events: 
As set out in the Fund Linked Conditions 
 
Delayed Redemption on the Occurrence of an 
Extraordinary Fund Event: [Applicable][Not 
applicable] 
(xxxiv) Additional Extraordinary Fund 
Event: 
[Not 
applicable][The 
following 
Additional 
Disruption Events apply to the Notes: 
 
(Specify each of the following which applies) 
 
[Change in Law] 
 
[Hedging Disruption] 
 
[Increased Cost of Hedging] 
 
[Failure to Deliver due to Illiquidity] 
 
[The Trade Date is [specify] (Only applicable if 
Change in Law and/or Increased Cost of Hedging 
is applicable)] 
 
(Specify whether each Additional Extraordinary 
Fund Event is a Substitution Event or a 
Termination Event)] 
(xxxv) Delayed Payment Cut-off Date: 
[As 
set 
out 
in 
Fund 
Linked 
Condition 
6][specify][Not applicable] 
39. 
Credit Linked Redemption: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Type of Credit Linked Notes 
The Notes are [Single Reference Entity][First-to-
Default] 
 
[Nth to Default] Credit Linked Notes [and the 
Relevant Number is [specify] (for Nth-to-Default 
Credit Linked Notes)] [Non-Tranched Linear 
Basket Credit Linked Notes where Credit Payment 
[on Maturity] [As You Go] applies] [Tranched 
Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes] 
 
(a) 
[Credit Event Amount: [specify amount] 
(NB only use for zero/set recovery)[As set out in 
the Credit Linked Conditions] 
 
(b) 
Credit Event Payment Date: [[specify] (if 
other than three) Business Days] [As set out in the 
Credit Linked Conditions]] [or such later date for 
payment determined as provided in the Settlement

--- Page 417 ---
- 402 - 
 
 
Exchange Rate Provisions set out in Condition 6 of 
the Payout Conditions] 
(NB (a) and (b) are only applicable for Non-
Tranched Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes to 
which Credit Payment As You Go applies, 
otherwise delete (a) and (b)) 
(ii) 
Credit 
Event 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[As set out in Credit Linked Condition 13] 
[specify amount] (NB only use for zero/set 
recovery that are not Linear Basket Credit Linked 
Notes) 
(iii) 
Protected Amount: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
[specify amount if applicable] 
(NB The Protected Amount shall be applicable in 
case of Single Reference Entity Credit Linked 
Notes, First-to Default Credit Linked Notes and 
Nth-to Default Credit Linked Notes where only 
part of the Nominal Amount is exposed to the 
relevant Reference Entity/es) 
(iv) 
Unwind Costs: 
[Applicable: 
[specify]][Standard 
Unwind 
Costs][Not applicable] 
(v) 
[(a)] 
Credit 
Event 
Redemption Date: 
[Credit Linked Condition 13 applies][(specify if 
other than three) Business Days] [or such later 
date for payment determined as provided in the 
Settlement Exchange Rate Provisions set out in 
Condition 6 of the Payout Conditions]]. 
[(b)] 
Maturity 
Credit 
Redemption: 
[Applicable][Not applicable]] (NB delete this line 
item (b) for Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes)] 
(vi) 
Settlement 
Method: 
(see further items (xxix) to (xix) 
below) 
[Auction Settlement][Cash Settlement][Physical 
Delivery] 
[Not applicable:] [Zero/Set Recovery Notes] 
[Tranched Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes] 
(vii) 
Trade Date: 
[specify] 
(viii) 
Calculation Agent City: 
[specify][as per the Physical Settlement Matrix] 
(ix) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Following][Modified 
Following][Preceding] 
Business Day Convention (insert only where no 
Business Day convention has been specified 
already for the Notes, otherwise delete.)] 
(x) 
Reference Entity(ies): 
[specify] [NB: these may be set out in the form of a 
table or by reference to a credit derivatives index 
setting out the applicable names (in which 
circumstances, include the following text and any 
details of the date/version of the referenced credit 
derivatives 
index: 
"Each 
Reference 
Entity 
comprising the [specify name of index] on the 
[Issue/Trade] Date. No adjustments to the terms of 
the Notes shall be made to reflect subsequent 
versions or reconstitutions of the [specify name of

--- Page 418 ---
- 403 - 
 
 
index]."). All relevant items below should be 
completed in respect of each Reference Entity 
(repeating items where necessary) which may also 
be done by including the Reference Entities and 
such items in a table] 
(xi) 
Physical Settlement Matrix: 
[Applicable, [for which purpose the Date of the 
Physical Settlement Matrix is [specify]]][Not 
applicable] (if applicable, specify in relation to 
each Reference Entity its Transaction Type) 
(xii) 
Transaction Type: 
[Not applicable](insert in relation to each 
Reference Entity if item (xiii) applies. (e.g.: 
'European Corporate'.)) 
(xiii) 
Reference 
Entity 
Notional 
Amount 
[specify in respect of each Reference Entity]][Not 
applicable] 
(xiv) 
Reference Obligation(s): 
[specify] 
(NB: 
where 
Standard 
Reference 
Obligation is applicable and no Reference 
Obligation is cited on the SRO list or if Standard 
Reference Obligation is not applicable then insert) 
Standard 
Reference 
Obligation: 
[Not 
applicable][Applicable] 
Seniority Level: [Senior Level][Subordinated 
Level][As set out in Credit Linked Condition 13] 
 
[Not applicable] (NB: this can only be specified for 
Physically Settled Credit Linked Notes - the 
Reference Obligation section must be inserted 
when Notes are Cash Settled) 
(NB: where Standard Reference Obligation is 
applicable and no Reference Obligation is cited on 
the SRO list or if Standard Reference Obligation is 
not applicable then insert (a)-(e)) below, 
otherwise, delete) 
(a) 
Primary Obligor: 
[specify] 
(b) 
Guarantor: 
[specify] 
(c) 
Maturity: 
[specify] 
(d) 
Coupon: 
[specify] 
(e) 
CUSIP/ISIN: 
[specify] 
(xv) 
All Guarantees: 
[As 
per 
the 
Physical 
Settlement 
Matrix][Applicable][Not applicable] 
 
[Provisions relating to Qualifying Guarantee and 
Underlying Obligation: Credit Linked Condition 
17 
[Applicable][Not 
applicable]] (delete 
if 
Physical Settlement Matrix applies) 
(xvi) 
Credit Events: 
[As per the Physical Settlement Matrix] 
[Bankruptcy]

--- Page 419 ---
- 404 - 
 
 
 
[Failure to Pay] 
 
[Grace 
Period 
Extension] 
[Applicable][Not 
applicable] 
 
[If applicable: Grace Period: [specify]] 
 
[Obligation Default] 
 
[Obligation Acceleration] 
 
[Repudiation/Moratorium] 
 
[Restructuring] 
 
[Provisions relating to Restructuring Credit Event: 
Credit Linked Condition 14: [Applicable][Not 
applicable][[Mod R/Mod R] applicable]] 
 
[Provisions relating to Multiple Holder Obligation: 
Credit Linked Condition 15: [Applicable][Not 
applicable]] 
 
[Restructuring Maturity Limitation and Fully 
Transferable 
Obligation: 
[Applicable][Not 
applicable]] 
 
[Modified Restructuring Maturity Limitation and 
Conditionally 
Transferable 
Obligation: 
[Applicable][Not applicable]] 
 
[Governmental Intervention] 
(a) 
Default Requirement: 
[specify] [As set out in Credit Linked Condition 
13] 
(b) 
Payment Requirement: 
[specify] [As set out in Credit Linked Condition 
13] 
(xvii) 
Credit Event Determination Date: 
Notice 
of 
Publicly 
Available 
Information: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
 
[If applicable: 
 
Public Source(s): 
[specify] 
 
Specified Number: 
[specify]] 
(xviii) Obligation(s): 
 
(a) 
Obligation Category: 
[As per the Physical Settlement Matrix][Payment] 
[Borrowed Money] [Reference Obligations Only] 
[Bond] [Loan] [Bond or Loan] 
 
(select one only) 
(b) 
Obligation 
Characteristics: 
[As per the Physical Settlement Matrix][Not 
Subordinated] 
[Specified 
Currency: 
[specify 
currency/Standard Specified Currency] [Not 
Sovereign Lender] [Not Domestic Currency: 
[specify currency]] [Not Domestic Law] [Listed] 
[Not Domestic Issuance]

--- Page 420 ---
- 405 - 
 
 
 
(select all of which apply) 
(xix) 
Additional Obligation(s): 
[specify] 
(xx) 
Excluded Obligation(s): 
[specify] 
(xxi) 
Domestic Currency: 
[As set out in the Credit Linked Conditions][Not 
applicable][specify] 
(xxii) 
Accrual of [Interest][Yield] upon 
Credit Event: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
[Continuing Accrual until scheduled maturity 
applicable] (NB: this option only to be specified if 
Maturity Credit Redemption applies) (Not relevant 
for Zero Coupon Credit Linked Notes) 
[Credit Linked Condition 5 not applicable] (this 
option only for Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes) 
(xxiii) Merger Event: 
Credit Linked Condition 12: [Applicable][Not 
applicable] 
 
[If 
applicable: 
[Merger 
Event 
Redemption 
Date:[specify]] 
 
[Merger Event Redemption Amount: [specify]] 
(xxiv) Provisions relating to Monoline 
Insurer as Reference Entity: 
Credit Linked Condition 16: [Applicable][Not 
applicable] 
(xxv) 
Provisions 
relating 
to 
LPN 
Reference Entities: 
Credit Linked Condition 18: [Applicable][Not 
applicable] 
(xxvi) Redemption on failure to identify 
a 
Substitute 
Reference 
Obligation: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
Terms relating to Cash Settlement 
(delete section and renumber if not 
applicable as Settlement Method or 
Fallback Settlement Method) 
 
(xxvii) Valuation Date: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
 
[Single Valuation Date: [specify] Business Days] 
 
[Multiple Valuation Dates: [specify] Business 
Days; and each [specify] Business Days thereafter; 
Number of Valuation Dates: [specify]] 
(xxviii) Valuation Time: 
[specify][As per Credit Linked Condition 13] 
(xxix) Indicative Quotations: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
(xxx) 
Quotation Method: 
[Bid][Offer][Mid-market][As per Credit Linked 
Condition 13] 
(xxxi) Quotation Amount: 
[specify][Representative Amount][Credit Linked 
Conditions apply]

--- Page 421 ---
- 406 - 
 
 
(xxxii) Minimum Quotation Amount: 
[specify] [As set out in Credit Linked Condition 
13] 
(xxxiii) Quotation Dealers: 
[specify] 
(xxxiv) Quotations: 
[Include Accrued Interest][Exclude Accrued 
Interest] 
(xxxv) Valuation Method: 
[Market][Highest] 
 
[Average Market/Highest][Average Highest] 
 
[Blended Market][Blended Highest] 
 
[Average Blended Market][Average Blended 
Highest] 
 
[As set out in Credit Linked Condition 13] 
Additional terms relating to Auction 
Settlement 
(delete section and renumber if not 
applicable as Settlement Method or 
Fallback Method) 
 
(xxxvi) Fallback Settlement Method: 
[Cash Settlement][Physical Delivery] 
(xxxvii) Successor Backstop Date subject 
to adjustment in accordance with 
Business Day Convention: 
[Yes][No] 
(xxxviii) Limitation 
Dates 
subject 
to 
adjustment in accordance with 
Business Day Convention: 
[Yes][No] 
Terms relating to Physical Delivery 
(delete section and renumber if not 
applicable as Settlement Method or 
Fallback Settlement Method but note may 
be needed for Auction elections in which 
case do not delete) 
 
(xxxix) Physical Settlement Period: 
[[specify] Business Days][Not applicable] 
(xl) 
Accrued Interest on Entitlement: 
[Include Accrued Interest][Exclude Accrued 
Interest][Not applicable] 
(xli) 
Settlement Currency: 
[specify][Not applicable] 
(xlii) 
Deliverable Obligations: 
 
(a) 
Deliverable 
Obligation 
Category: 
[Payment] 
[Borrowed 
Money] 
[Reference 
Obligations Only] [Bond] [Loan] [Bond or 
Loan][As per the Physical Settlement Matrix][Not 
applicable] 
 
(select one only) 
(b) 
Deliverable 
Obligation 
Characteristics: 
[Not Subordinated][Specified Currency: [specify 
currency/Standard Specified Currency] [Not 
Sovereign Lender] [Not Domestic Currency:

--- Page 422 ---
- 407 - 
 
 
[specify currency]] [Not Domestic Law] [Not 
Domestic Issuance] [Assignable Loan] [Consent 
Required Loan] [Direct Loan Participation] 
[Transferable] [Listed] [specify]] [Maximum 
Maturity: [] years] [Accelerated or Matured] [Not 
Bearer][As per the Physical Settlement Matrix] 
[Not applicable] 
Asset Package Delivery: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] [As per Physical 
Settlement Matrix] 
(xliii) 
Additional 
Deliverable 
Obligation(s): 
[specify] [Not applicable] 
(a) 
Excluded 
Deliverable 
Obligation(s): 
[specify] [Not applicable] 
(b) 
Indicative Quotations: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
(c) 
Delivery provisions for 
Entitlement if different 
from General Conditions 
and 
Credit 
Linked 
Conditions: 
[specify] [Not applicable] 
(xliv) 
Restructuring 
Maturity 
Limitation and Fully Transferable 
Obligation Applicable: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
(xlv) 
Modified 
Restructuring 
Limitation and Conditionality 
Transferrable 
Obligation 
Applicable: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
(xlvi) 
Reference 
Obligation 
Only 
Termination Amount: 
[specify][Not applicable] 
(NB: to be specified for the purposes of Credit 
Linked Condition 21 for Reference Obligation 
Only Notes relating to a single Reference Entity 
issued pursuant to Annex 7.) 
(xlvii) Qualifying Participation Seller: 
[specify] [Not applicable] 
Terms relating to Zero/Set Recovery 
Notes 
(delete section and renumber if not 
applicable) 
 
(xlviii) Set/Zero Recovery Price: 
[Insert percentage in relation to each Reference 
Entity, which may be zero] 
Terms relating to Tranched Linear 
Basket Credit Linked Notes 
(delete section and renumber if not 
applicable) 
 
(xlix) 
H 
[insert number of Reference Entities that are equal 
to the higher tranche level]

--- Page 423 ---
- 408 - 
 
 
(l) 
L 
[insert number of Reference Entities that are equal 
to the lower tranche level] 
40. 
Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked 
Redemption: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(In respect of Credit Linked Notes) [, subject to the 
provisions of the paragraph "Credit Linked 
Redemption" and the Credit Linked Conditions] 
(i) 
Base Currency: 
[specify][Not applicable][For Reference Item[(k)]: 
[insert]] 
(ii) 
Subject Currency/Currencies: 
[specify][Not applicable][For Reference Item[(k)]: 
[insert]] [and EM Foreign Exchange Rate 
Provisions apply to such Subject Currency] 
(iii) 
Additional Disruption Event: 
(Specify each of the following which applies) 
[Change in Law][Hedging Disruption][Increased 
Cost of Hedging] 
 
[Trade Date means [specify]] 
 
(insert where Change in Law applies) 
(iv) 
Averaging: 
Averaging [applies][does not apply] to the Notes. 
[The Averaging Dates are [specify]] [See 
paragraph [specify] above] 
(v) 
Observation Date(s): 
[specify][Not applicable] 
(vi) 
Observation Period(s): 
[specify][Not applicable] 
(vii) 
Strike Date: 
[specify][Not applicable] 
(viii) 
Strike Period [and Strike Days]: 
[Specify Strike Period][Not applicable][Specify the 
applicable Strike Days in the Strike Period] 
(ix) 
Redemption Valuation Date: 
[Specify][Not applicable] 
(x) 
Provisions applicable where EM 
Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate 
Provisions do not apply to a 
Settlement Currency: 
[Applicable [in respect of [specify Subject 
Currencies to which these provisions apply where 
there is a Basket]]][Not applicable] 
(Where applicable for more than one Subject 
Currency, complete as relevant for each such 
Subject Currency) 
(a) 
Delayed Redemption on 
the Occurrence of a 
Disruption Event: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
(b) 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[specify][Not applicable] 
(c) 
Specified 
Maximum 
Days of Disruption: 
[Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will be 
equal to: [specify][five] 
(If no Specified Maximum Days of Disruption are 
stated, Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will 
be equal to five)

--- Page 424 ---
- 409 - 
 
 
(d) 
Price Source: 
[specify] 
(e) 
Valuation Time: 
[specify] 
(xi) 
Provisions applicable where EM 
Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate 
Provisions apply: 
[Applicable [in respect of [specify Subject 
Currencies to which these provisions apply where 
there is a Basket]][Not applicable] 
(Where applicable for more than one Subject 
Currency, complete as relevant for each such 
Subject Currency) 
(a) 
Provisions applicable to 
determining 
the 
Settlement Price: 
For the purpose of the definition of Settlement 
Price in Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Note 
Condition 6 [and [specify the relevant Subject 
Currency where more than one Subject Currency]: 
EM FX Price Source: [specify] 
EM Valuation Time: [specify] 
EM Scheduled Trading Day Jurisdiction: [specify] 
(b) 
EM Disruption Events: 
[Price Source Disruption] 
[Illiquidity Disruption] 
[Dual Exchange Rate] 
[General Inconvertibility] 
[General Non-Transferability] 
[Material Change in Circumstance] 
[Nationalisation] 
[Price Materiality, where: 
EM Price Materiality Percentage: [specify][3]% 
EM Primary Rate: [specify][The rate determined as 
set out in the definition of Settlement Price] 
EM Secondary Rate: [specify][[EM First Fallback 
Reference Price [and]][EM Second Fallback 
Reference Price]] 
(Specify in respect of each Subject Currency where 
EM Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Provisions apply 
to more than one such Subject Currency and 
different EM Disruption Events (or components 
thereof) also apply thereto) 
(c) 
EM 
Disruption 
Fallbacks: 
[EM Calculation Agent Determination] 
[EM First Fallback Reference Price, where: 
First Fallback EM FX Price Source: [specify] 
First Fallback EM Valuation Time: [specify]

--- Page 425 ---
- 410 - 
 
 
First Fallback EM Number of Settlement Days: 
[specify]] 
[EM Second Fallback Reference Price, where: 
Second Fallback EM FX Price Source: [specify] 
Second Fallback EM Valuation Time: [specify] 
Second Fallback EM Number of Settlement Days: 
[specify]] 
[EM Valuation Postponement] 
(Specify in respect of each Subject Currency where 
EM Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Provisions apply 
to more than one such Subject Currency and 
different EM Disruption Fallbacks (or components 
thereof) also apply thereto) 
(d) 
EM Maximum Days of 
Postponement: 
[specify] 
(Specify in respect of each Subject Currency where 
EM Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Provisions apply 
to more than one such Subject Currency and 
different EM Disruption Fallbacks (or components 
thereof) also apply thereto) 
(e) 
EM Cumulative Events: 
[Not applicable][Applicable and EM Maximum 
Cumulative 
Days 
of 
Postponement 
means 
[specify]] 
(Specify in respect of each Subject Currency where 
EM Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Provisions apply 
to more than one such Subject Currency and 
different EM Disruption Fallbacks (or components 
thereof) also apply thereto) 
(f) 
EM 
Number 
of 
Settlement Days: 
[Two][Zero][specify other number of days] [where 
Settlement Day Centre(s) means [specify]] 
(g) 
EM 
Number 
of 
Postponement 
Settlement Days: 
[[Two][specify]] [Business Days][EM Settlement 
Days] [specify] 
41. 
Combination Note Redemption: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
 
(Applicable in relation to Reference Item Notes 
linked to a combination of types of Reference 
Items) 
 
(If applicable, complete relevant prompts from 
Paragraphs [36] to [40] above) 
42. 
Provisions applicable to Instalment 
Notes: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Instalment Amounts: 
[specify] 
(ii) 
Instalment Dates: 
[specify]

--- Page 426 ---
- 411 - 
 
 
43. 
Provisions 
applicable 
to 
Physical 
Delivery: 
[Applicable][in accordance with Credit Linked 
Conditions and paragraph [39] above][where the 
Issuer has exercised its option to vary settlement 
pursuant to the application of Variation of 
Settlement 
per 
paragraph 
45 
below][Not 
applicable] 
 
(If not applicable or the Notes are Credit Linked 
Notes, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
(i) 
Entitlement Amount: 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and other 
related definitions from Payout Condition 4][A 
nominal amount of the Relevant Asset equal to 
[specify]][Bond Asset provisions apply] 
(ii) 
Relevant Asset(s): 
[specify] 
 
(for bonds, include the following as applicable:) 
 
[ISIN: [specify]] 
 
[Issuer: [specify]] 
 
[Maturity: [specify]] 
 
[Coupon: [specify]] 
(iii) 
Unwind Costs: 
[Applicable:[specify]][Standard 
Unwind 
Costs][Not applicable] 
(iv) 
Cut-off Date: 
[specify][As specified in General Condition 4(b)] 
(v) 
Settlement Business Day(s): 
[specify] 
(vi) 
Delivery Agent: 
[Banco 
Comercial 
Português, 
S.A.][Dealer][specify] of [specify address] 
(vii) 
Assessed 
Value 
Payment 
Amount: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
(viii) 
Failure 
to 
Deliver 
due 
to 
Illiquidity: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
44. 
Provisions applicable to Partly Paid 
Notes; 
amount 
of 
each 
payment 
comprising the Issue Price and date on 
which each payment is to be made and 
consequences 
of 
failure 
to 
pay, 
including any right of the Issuer to 
forfeit the Notes and interest due on late 
payment: 
[Not applicable][give details] 
45. 
Variation of Settlement: 
The Issuer [has][does not have] the option to vary 
settlement in respect of the Notes as set out in 
General Condition 4(b)(iii) [The minimum period 
of notice is [specify][and][the maximum period of 
notice is [specify] 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
46. 
Form of Notes: 
[Bearer Notes:

--- Page 427 ---
- 412 - 
 
 
 
[Temporary Bearer Global Note exchangeable for 
a Permanent Bearer Global Note which is 
exchangeable for definitive Bearer Notes [on 60 
days' notice given at any time/only upon an 
Exchange 
Event 
[including/excluding] 
the 
exchange event described in paragraph (iii) of the 
definition in the permanent Global Note]]26 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for 
definitive Notes on and after the Exchange Date]27 
 
[Permanent Bearer Global Note exchangeable for 
definitive Notes [on 60 days' notice given at any 
time/only 
upon 
an 
Exchange 
Event 
[including/excluding] 
the 
exchange 
event 
described in paragraph (iii) of the definition in the 
Permanent Global Note]]]28 
 
[Book Entry Notes: nominativas] 
47. 
New Global Note:29 
[Yes][No] 
48. 
(i) 
Financial Centre(s): 
[Not applicable][give details] 
(ii) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[Not applicable] [specify] (Note that this 
paragraph relates to the place of payment and not 
interest period end dates. All relevant Financial 
Centre(s) (including the location of the relevant 
agent(s)) should be included other than TARGET 
2) 
49. 
Talons for future Coupons or Receipts 
to be attached to definitive Notes (and 
dates on which such Talons mature): 
[Yes as the Notes have more than 27 Coupon 
payments, Talons may be required if, on exchange 
into definitive form, more than 27 Coupons are still 
to be made][No] 
50. 
Redenomination, renominalisation and 
reconventioning provisions: 
[Not applicable][The provisions in General 
Condition 7 apply] 
[N.B.: Only applicable for Notes not denominated 
in EUR] 
51. 
Other terms or special conditions: 
[Not applicable/give details] 
 
RESPONSIBILITY 
[The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Pricing Supplement. [Insert relevant 
third party information] has been extracted from [specify source]. The Issuer confirms that such information 
has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain from information 
published by [specify source], no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information 
inaccurate or misleading.] 
 
26 
In relation to any Tranche of Notes which are expressed to be issued in denominations of EUR100,000 and integral multiples of 
EUR 1,000 the Global Note will not be exchangeable at the option of the holder. 
27 
In relation to any Tranche of Notes which are expressed to be issued in denominations of EUR100,000 and integral multiples of 
EUR 1,000 the Global Note will not be exchangeable at the option of the holder. 
28 
In relation to any Tranche of Notes which are expressed to be issued in denominations of EUR100,000 and integral multiples of 
EUR 1,000 the Global Note will not be exchangeable at the option of the holder. 
29 
You should only elect "yes" opposite "New Global Note" if you have elected "yes" to the section in Part B under the heading 
"Operational Information" entitled "Intended to be held in a manner which would allow Eurosystem eligibility".

--- Page 428 ---
- 413 - 
 
 
Signed on behalf of the Issuer: 
 
By: .............................................................................. 
Duly authorised

--- Page 429 ---
- 414 - 
 
 
PART B - OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 
1. 
Listing and Admission to trading 
 
 
[Application [has been made/will be made] by the 
Issuer (or on its behalf) for the Notes to be listed 
on [specify market – note this must not be a 
regulated market] with effect from [specify].] [Not 
applicable] 
2. 
Ratings 
 
Ratings: 
[The Notes to be issued [have not been] [[have 
been][are expected to be]] rated [insert details] by 
[insert the legal name of the relevant credit rating 
agency entity(ies)]. 
 
(The above disclosure is only required if the 
ratings of the Notes are different to those stated in 
the Base Prospectus) 
3. 
[Interests of Natural and Legal Persons Involved in the Issue 
[Save for any fees payable to the Dealer[s]], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in 
the offer of the Notes has an interest material to the offer.] [A fee has been paid by the Dealer 
to a third party [distributor]. For specific and detailed information on the nature and quantity of 
such fee, the investor should contact the [distributor][specify] in respect of the Notes][The Notes 
have been sold by the Dealer to a third party [distributor] at a discount to the specified issue 
price. For specific and detailed information on the nature and quantity of such discount, the 
investor should contact the [distributor][specify] in respect of the Notes] 
4. 
Operational Information 
 
(i) 
ISIN Code: 
[specify] 
(ii) 
Common Code: 
[specify] 
(iii) 
Any clearing system(s) other than 
Euroclear 
and 
Clearstream, 
Luxembourg approved by the 
Issuer and the Principal Paying 
Agent 
and 
the 
relevant 
identification number(s): 
[Not applicable][give name(s)] 
(iv) 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against][free of] payment 
(v) 
Additional Paying Agent(s) (if 
any): 
[specify] 
(vi) 
Intended to be held in a manner 
which would allow Eurosystem 
eligibility 
[Yes. Note that the designation "yes" simply 
means that the Notes are intended upon issue to be 
deposited with one of the ICSDs as Common 
Safekeeper and does not necessarily mean that the 
Notes will be recognised as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intraday credit 
operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or 
at any or all times during their life. Such 
recognition will depend upon the ECB being

--- Page 430 ---
- 415 - 
 
 
satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have 
been met.] 
 
[Yes. Note that the designation "yes" simply 
means that the Notes are intended upon issue to be 
registered with Interbolsa – Sociedade Gestora de 
Sistemas 
de 
Liquidação 
e 
de 
Sistemas 
Centralizados de Valores Mobiliários, S.A. in its 
capacity of securities settlement system and does 
not necessarily mean that the Notes will be 
recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by 
the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all 
times during their life. Such recognition will 
depend upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria] 
 
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as "no" at 
the date of these Final Terms, should the 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria be amended in the 
future such that the Notes are capable of meeting 
them the Notes may then be deposited with one of 
the ICSDs as common safekeeper [(and registered 
in the name of a nominee of one of the ICSDs 
acting as common safekeeper,][include this text 
for registered notes]. Note that this does not 
necessarily mean that the Notes will then be 
recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra day credit operations by 
the Eurosystem at any time during their life. Such 
recognition will depend upon the ECB being 
satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have 
been met.]] 
 
(NB if "yes" selected the Bearer Notes must be 
issued in NGN form) 
5. 
DISTRIBUTION 
 
5.1 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated][Non-syndicated] 
5.2 
(i) 
If 
syndicated, 
names 
[and 
addresses] of Managers [and 
underwriting 
commitments/quotas 
(material 
features):: 
[Not applicable][give names [and addresses] of 
each entity acting as underwriter [and its 
respective underwriting commitments]] 
 
(Include names and addresses of entities agreeing 
to underwrite the issue on a firm commitment basis 
and names and addresses of the entities agreeing 
to place the issue without a firm commitment or on 
a "best efforts" basis if such entities are not the 
same as the Managers.) 
(ii) 
Date/Description of Subscription 
Agreement: 
[insert details][Not applicable] 
(iii) 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (if any): 
[Not applicable][give name] 
5.3 
If non-syndicated, name [and address] of 
relevant Dealer: 
[Not applicable][give name [and address]]

--- Page 431 ---
- 416 - 
 
 
 
[The Issuer reserves the right to appoint other 
distributors during the Offer Period, which will be 
communicated to investors by means of a notice 
published as specified in paragraph [specify].] 
 
[No underwriting commitment is undertaken by 
the Distributor.] 
5.4 
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered 
under the Securities Act or the securities laws of 
any state or other jurisdiction of the United States. 
The Notes may not be offered, sold, pledged, 
assigned, delivered or otherwise transferred, 
exercised or redeemed, at any time, within the 
United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, 
U.S. persons. Accordingly, the Notes are being 
offered and sold in offshore transactions in 
reliance on Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
Furthermore, the Notes do not constitute, and have 
not been marketed as, contracts of sale of a 
commodity for future delivery (or options thereon) 
subject to the U.S. Commodity Exchange Act, as 
amended (the "CEA"), and trading in the Notes 
has not been approved by the U.S. Commodity 
Futures Trading Commission (the "CFTC") 
pursuant to the CEA, and no U.S. person may at 
any time trade or maintain a position in the Notes. 
For a description of the restrictions on offers and 
sales of the Notes, see "Subscription and Sale" in 
the Base Prospectus. 
As used herein, "U.S. person" includes any "U.S. 
person" or person that is not a "non-United States 
person" as such terms are defined in Regulation S 
and in regulations adopted under the CEA, 
respectively 
 
Each Dealer (1) has acknowledged that the Notes 
have not been and will not be registered under the 
Securities Act, or any securities laws of any state 
or other jurisdiction in the United States, and the 
Notes are not being offered, sold or delivered and 
may not be offered, sold or delivered at any time, 
directly or indirectly, within the United States or 
to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons; 
(2) has represented, as a condition to acquiring any 
interest in the Notes, that neither it nor any persons 
on whose behalf or for whose account or benefit 
the Notes are being acquired is a U.S. person, that 
it is not located in the United States, and was not 
solicited to purchase Notes while present in the 
United States; (3) has agreed not to offer, sell or 
deliver any of the Notes, directly or indirectly, in 
the United States or to, or for the account or benefit 
of, any U.S. person; and (4) has agreed that, at or 
prior to confirmation of sale of any Notes (whether 
upon original issuance or in any secondary 
transaction), it will have sent to each distributor, 
dealer or person receiving a selling concession, fee 
or other remuneration that purchases Notes from it 
a written notice containing language substantially

--- Page 432 ---
- 417 - 
 
 
the same as the foregoing. As used herein, "United 
States" means the United States of America 
(including the states and the District of Columbia), 
its territories and possessions. 
 
In addition, the Dealers have represented and 
agreed that they have not offered or sold Notes and 
will not offer or sell Notes at any time except in 
accordance with Rule 903 of Regulation S under 
the Securities Act. Accordingly, the Dealers have 
represented and agreed that neither they, their 
affiliates (if any) nor any person acting on behalf 
of any of them has engaged or will engage in any 
directed selling efforts with respect to Notes, and 
they have all complied and will comply with the 
offering restrictions requirements of Regulation S. 
Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings 
given to them in Regulation S. 
 
An offer or sale of Notes within the United States 
by any dealer (whether or not participating in the 
offering of such Notes) may violate the registration 
requirements of the Securities Act. 
 
[TEFRA D][TEFRA C][TEFRA not applicable] 
5.5 
Additional U.S. Federal Income Tax 
Considerations: 
 
[The Notes are [not] Specified Notes for purposes 
of Section 871(m) of the U.S. Internal Revenue 
Code of 1986. [Additional information regarding 
the application of Section 871(m) to the Notes will 
be available from [give name(s) and address(es) of 
Issuer contact].]] [As at the date of this Pricing 
Supplement, the Issuer has not determined whether 
the Notes are Specified Notes for purposes of 
Section 871(m) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code 
of 1986; however, indicatively it considers that 
they will [not] be Specified Notes for these 
purposes. This is indicative information only, 
subject to change, and if the Issuer's final 
determination is different then it will give notice of 
such determination. [Please contact [give name(s) 
and address(es) of Issuer contact] for further 
information regarding the application of Section 
871(m) to the Notes.]]30 (The Notes will not be 
Specified Notes if they (i) do not reference any U.S. 
equity or any index that contains any component 
U.S. equity or otherwise provide direct or indirect 
exposure to U.S. equities ("U.S. Underlying") or 
(ii) are issued prior to 1 January 2025 and provide 
a return that differs significantly from the return 
on an investment in such U.S. Underlying. If the 
Notes reference a U.S. Underlying and (i) are 
issued prior to 1 January 2025 and provide a 
return that does not differ significantly from the 
return on an investment such U.S. Underlying, or 
(ii) are issued on or after 1 January 2025, further 
analysis would be required. If the Notes are 
Specified 
Notes, 
include 
the 
"Additional 
 
30 
This formulation to be used if the Issuer has not made a determination regarding whether the Notes are Specified Notes as of the 
date of the Pricing Supplement.

--- Page 433 ---
- 418 - 
 
 
information" sentence and provide the appropriate 
contact information at the Issuer.)] 
5.6 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable/Not applicable/Not applicable from 
[specify date] until [specify date][[the date which 
falls [] Business Days after] the Issue Date], 
otherwise, applicable] 
5.7 
Prohibition of Sales to United Kingdom 
Retail Investors: 
[Applicable/Not applicable/Not applicable from 
[specify date] until [specify date][[the date which 
falls [] Business Days after] the Issue Date], 
otherwise, applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute "packaged" 
products or the Notes do constitute "packaged" 
products and a key information document will be 
prepared, "Not applicable" should be specified. If 
(i) (ii) the Notes may constitute "packaged" 
products and (ii) the PRIIP manufacturer does not 
intend to prepare and publish a PRIIPs KID, 
"Applicable" should be specified. Use the "Not 
applicable from [] until []" option where a PRIIPs 
KID is only to be available for a certain period 
(e.g. the primary Offer Period)) 
6. 
[Index/Other Disclaimer 
 
The issue of this series of Notes (in this paragraph, the "Transaction") is not sponsored, 
endorsed, sold, or promoted by [NAME OF INDEX/OTHER] (the "Index") or [NAME OF 
INDEX/OTHER SPONSOR] (the "Index Sponsor") and no Index Sponsor makes any 
representation whatsoever, whether express or implied, either as to the results to be obtained 
from the use of the Index and/or the levels at which the Index stands at any particular time on 
any particular date or otherwise. No Index or Index Sponsor shall be liable (whether in 
negligence or otherwise) to any person for any error in the Index and the Index Sponsor is under 
no obligation to advise any person of any error therein. No Index Sponsor is making any 
representation whatsoever, whether express or implied, as to the advisability of purchasing or 
assuming any risk in connection with entering into any Transaction. The Issuer shall not have 
any liability for any act of failure to act by the Index Sponsor in connection with the calculation 
adjustment or maintenance of the Index. Except as disclosed prior to the Issue Date, none of the 
Issuer or its affiliates has any affiliation with or control over the Index or Index Sponsor or any 
control over the computation, composition or dissemination of the Index. Although the 
Calculation Agent will obtain information concerning the Index from publicly available sources 
it believes reliable, it will not independently verify this information. Accordingly, no 
representation, warranty or undertaking (express or implied) is made and no responsibility is 
accepted by the Issuer, its affiliates or the Calculation Agent as to the accuracy, completeness 
and timeliness of information concerning the Index.] 
(Insert unless the relevant Index has a bespoke disclaimer, in which case, substitute such 
bespoke disclaimer) 
(Delete this section 6 if not required)

--- Page 434 ---
- 419 - 
 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
An amount equal to the net proceeds from each issue of Notes will be applied by the Issuer for its general 
corporate purposes, which include making a profit or as otherwise stated in Part B of the applicable Final 
Terms under "Reasons for the offer".

--- Page 435 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE BUSINESS OF THE GROUP 
 
- 420 - 
 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE BUSINESS OF THE GROUP 
Group Overview 
The Group is one of the largest privately owned banking groups based in Portugal, in terms of assets, credit 
and deposits.  The Group offers a wide range of banking products and related financial services, both in 
Portugal and internationally, namely demand accounts, instruments of payment, savings and investment 
products, mortgage loans, consumer credit, commercial banking, leasing, factoring, insurance, private 
banking and asset management, among others, and its customers are served on a segmented basis. 
Internationally, the Group has significant operations in Poland, Angola and Mozambique. In addition, the 
Bank has a presence in the Cayman Islands and Macao. 
In accordance with IFRS as endorsed by the European Union, the Group had, at the end of September 2022, 
total assets in the amount of EUR 97,169 million and total customer funds (including customer deposits, 
debt securities, assets under management, assets placed with customers and insurance products (savings 
and investments)) in the sum of EUR 91,069 million. Loans to customers (gross) amounted to EUR 58,613 
million (of which EUR 56,498 million were recorded in the caption "Financial assets at amortised cost – 
Loans to customers", EUR 2,088 million were recorded in the caption "Debt securities held associated with 
credit operations" and EUR 27,918 thousand (gross amount without considering fair value adjustments) 
were recorded in the caption "Financial assets not held for trading mandatorily at fair value through profit 
or loss - Loans and advances to customers at fair value"). According to the interpretation of the CRD IV 
and CRR, CET1 fully-implemented ratio pro forma reached 11.8%, as at 30 September 2022. Based on the 
latest available data from Banco de Portugal, the Group accounted for 17.5% of loans to customers (gross) 
and 18.6% of deposits in the Portuguese banking sector on 30 June 2022. 
In addition, on 30 September 2022, the Bank was the sixth largest company listed on Euronext Lisbon in 
terms of market capitalisation (EUR 1,841 million). 
The Bank is registered with the Commercial Registry Office of Oporto under the sole commercial 
registration and tax identification number 501 525 882 and its registered offices are located at Praça Dom 
João I, 28, 4000–295 Oporto, with telephone number +351 211 134 001 and website 
www.millenniumbcp.pt/en. 
The Bank operates notably under the Portuguese Companies Code and the Banking Law. See "Legislation 
regulating the activity of the Bank" below. 
Bank History 
BCP was incorporated on 17 June 1985 as a limited liability company ("sociedade anónima") organised 
under the laws of Portugal, following the deregulation of the Portuguese banking industry. BCP was 
founded by a group of over 200 shareholders and a team of experienced banking professionals who sought 
to capitalise on the opportunity to form an independent financial institution that would serve the then 
underdeveloped Portuguese financial market more effectively than state-owned banks. 
While the Bank's development was initially characterised by organic growth, a series of strategic 
acquisitions helped solidify its position in the Portuguese market and increase its offering of financial 
products and services. In March 1995, BCP acquired control of Banco Português do Atlântico, S.A. 
("Atlântico"), which was then the largest private sector bank in Portugal. This was followed by a joint 
takeover bid for the whole share capital of Atlântico. In June 2000, Atlântico was merged into BCP. In 
2000, BCP also acquired Império, along with Banco Mello and Banco Pinto & Sotto Mayor. 
In 2004, with a view to strengthening its focus on the core business of distribution of financial products and 
optimising capital consumption, BCP sold insurers Império Bonança, Seguro Directo, Impergesto and 
Servicomercial to the Caixa Geral de Depósitos group. BCP also entered into agreements with Fortis (now 
named Ageas) for the sale of a controlling stake and management control of insurers Ocidental - Companhia 
Portuguesa de Seguros, S.A., Ocidental - Companhia Portuguesa de Seguros de Vida, S.A. and Médis - 
Companhia Portuguesa de Seguros de Saúde, S.A., as well as the pension fund manager PensõesGere - 
Sociedade Gestora de Fundos de Pensões, S.A. 
After the consolidation of its position in the Portuguese banking market, the Bank focused on the 
development of its retail business in new regions, with the goal of attaining significant positions in emerging 
markets in Europe and in Africa. The Bank concentrated on businesses with strong growth prospects in

--- Page 436 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE BUSINESS OF THE GROUP 
 
- 421 - 
 
 
foreign markets with a close historical connection to Portugal or that have large communities of Portuguese 
origin (such as Angola, Mozambique, the United States, Canada, France, Luxembourg and Macao), as well 
as in markets where the Bank's successful Portuguese business model could be effectively exported to and 
tailored to suit such local markets (such as Poland, Greece and Romania). 
The Bank has pursued a consistent strategy of market segmentation. Until 2003, these segments were served 
through autonomous distribution networks operating under a variety of brand names. In October 2003, BCP 
began the process of replacing these brands in Portugal with a single brand name: Millennium bcp. The 
rebranding in other markets was completed in 2006. All banking operations controlled by BCP are now 
carried out under the "Millennium" brand. In Portugal, the Bank also operates under the "ActivoBank" 
brand. 
In 2004, the Bank sold its non-life insurance businesses and divested a portion of its life insurance business 
by entering into a joint venture with Ageas (formerly Fortis), named Millenniumbcp Ageas, of which 51% 
is held by Ageas and 49% by the Bank. 
In this period, the Bank has refocused on operations that it considers core to its business. As part of this 
refocus, the Bank divested several of its international operations (in France, Luxembourg, United States, 
Canada, Greece, Turkey and Romania), while retaining commercial protocols to facilitate remittances from 
Portuguese emigrants in some markets. In 2010, the Bank transformed its Macao off-shore branch into an 
on-shore branch. 
In February 2012, the Bank adopted a management restructuring through the introduction of a one-tier 
management and supervisory model, in which the Board of Directors includes an Executive Committee and 
an Audit Committee (the latter comprising non-executive members, in accordance with the applicable law). 
In December 2012, the Bank prepared and presented to the Portuguese government a Restructuring Plan, 
required by national law and by the applicable European rules on matters of State aid. The Restructuring 
Plan was formally submitted by the Portuguese government to the EC and, In July 2013, the Bank agreed 
on the plan with the EC, entailing an improvement of the profitability of the Bank in Portugal through 
continued cost reduction, among other drivers. On September 2013, the Directorate-General for 
Competition announced its formal decision in connection with its agreement with the Portuguese authorities 
concerning the Bank's Restructuring Plan. Pursuant to the decision, the Bank's Restructuring Plan was 
found in compliance with the European Union's rules relating to State aid, demonstrating the Bank's 
viability without continued State support. The implemented Restructuring Plan aimed at strengthening the 
Bank's strategy by focusing on its core activities. 
In May 2014, as part of a process to refocus on core activities defined as a priority in its Strategic Plan, the 
Bank announced that it agreed with the international insurance group Ageas a partial recast of the strategic 
partnership agreements entered into in 2004, which included the sale of its 49% interest in the (currently 
jointly owned) insurance companies that operate exclusively in the non-life insurance business, i.e. 
Ocidental – Companhia Portuguesa de Seguros, S.A. and Médis – Companhia Portuguesa de Seguros de 
Saúde, S.A. 
In April 2016, the Bank announced the conclusion of the merger between Banco Millennium Angola, S.A. 
with Banco Privado Atlântico, S.A., resulting in the second-largest private sector bank in Angola in terms 
of loans to the economy, with a market share of approximately 10% in business volume. The entity resulting 
from this merger ceased to be controlled by BCP. 
In January 2017, BCP announced a EUR 1.3 billion rights issue with transferable pre-emptive subscription 
rights. The aim of this transaction was to bring forward the full repayment of remaining Government 
Subscribed Securities and the removal of key State-aid related restrictions, including the dividend ban, the 
risk of potential sale of core businesses and the tail risk of conversion. This transaction was designed to 
strengthening the balance sheet through the improvement of the CET1 FL ratio and Texas ratio, bringing 
them in line with new industry benchmarks and above regulatory requirements. 
On 27 December 2019, the merger deed of Banco de Investimento Imobiliário, S.A., a wholly-owned 
subsidiary of Banco Comercial Português, S.A., by incorporation into the latter, was signed, thus 
completing the incorporation process of Banco de Investimento Imobiliário, S.A. into Banco Comercial 
Português, S.A.

--- Page 437 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE BUSINESS OF THE GROUP 
 
- 422 - 
 
 
On 27 August 2019, the Extraordinary General Meeting of Bank Millennium S.A., in which 216 
shareholders representing 78.53% of its share capital, participated, approved the merger of Bank 
Millennium S.A. with Euro Bank S.A.. The completion of the integration of Eurobank S.A. into Bank 
Millennium S.A. took place in November, with the Bank resulting from the merger now operating under a 
single brand, a single operating system and a single legal entity. 
On 29 June 2021 BCP entered into an agreement with Union Bancaire Privée, UBP SA regarding the sale 
of the entire share capital of Banque Privée BCP (Suisse) SA ("Banque Privée"). The sale of the entire 
share capital of Banque Privée to Union Bancaire Privée, UBP SA was completed on 2 November 2021. 
The sale of Banque Privée allows the Group to pursue its strategy of focusing resources and management 
on core geographies, enhancing their development and thus creating value for stakeholders. 
On 29 December 2021, BIM – Banco Internacional de Moçambique, SA (a bank incorporated under 
Mozambican law in which BCP indirectly holds a stake of 66.69%) formalised the entry into force of a 
long-term agreement with Fidelidade – Companhia de Seguros, SA, with a view to strengthening 
capabilities and expanding the offer of insurance through the banking channel (bancassurance) in 
Mozambique. Under this partnership, the possibility of which was provided for in the memorandum of 
understanding signed between BCP and the Fosun Group in November 2016, BIM and Fidelidade also 
formalised the sale by BIM to Fidelidade of shares representing 70% of the share capital and voting rights 
of Seguradora Internacional de Moçambique, SA, with BIM maintaining approximately 22% of its share 
capital. BIM and Fidelidade also agreed call and put options with the view of enabling Fidelidade to acquire 
additional shares, and BIM's shareholding, as a result of these options, may be reduced to 9.9% of SIM's 
capital. Under the long-term exclusive distribution agreement, BIM will promote the distribution of SIM 
insurance through the banking channel, continuing to provide its customers with a wide range of 
competitive insurance products, which is reinforced by the partnership with Fidelidade. 
Business Overview 
Nature of Operations and Principal Activities 
The Group provides a wide variety of banking services and financial activities in Portugal and abroad, 
where it is present in the following markets: Poland, Mozambique, Angola (through its associate BMA) 
and China.  In Portugal, the Bank's operations are primarily in retail banking, but it also offers a complete 
range of additional financial services (in accordance with Article 3 of the articles of association of the Bank, 
which provides that "the purpose of the Bank is to engage in banking activities with such latitude as may 
be permitted by law"). The Bank also engages in a number of international activities and partnerships. 
The Bank's banking products and services include demand accounts, instruments of payment, savings and 
investments, mortgage loans, consumer credit, commercial banking, leasing, factoring, insurance, private 
banking and asset management, among others. The Bank's domestic retail banking activities are conducted 
mainly through its marketing and distribution network in Portugal, which follows a segmented approach to 
the Portuguese retail banking market and serves the diverse banking needs of specific groups of customers. 
Back-office operations for the distribution network are integrated in order to explore economies of scale. 
The Bank has subsidiaries that offer additional financial services, including investment banking, asset 
management and insurance. These subsidiaries generally distribute their products through the Bank's 
distribution networks. The Bank's retail banking and related financial services activities, together with its 
international operations and partnerships, are described in greater detail below. 
Strategy 
Successfully executing on the priorities and key levers of Millennium's previous Strategic Plan Cycle was 
crucial for setting the Bank up on a solid normalisation path by significantly reducing its legacy exposures. 
It also laid important foundations for the future by a substantial acceleration in the Bank's level of 
digitization. 
This trajectory was particularly influenced by developments in Portugal (a 40% reduction of NPEs 
compared to 2018 and mobile customers up by 48% in 2020) where the Bank managed to recover its volume 
growth trend (approximately 5% per annum growth in lending and deposits over 2018-20) and increase its 
share of revenues (+0.6 percentage points in 2018-20) in an environment of margin compression and 
continued low interest rates.

--- Page 438 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE BUSINESS OF THE GROUP 
 
- 423 - 
 
 
This progress was impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic which has, inter alia, raised credit risk levels. In 
Poland, moreover, despite a positive operational performance and the swift integration of EuroBank, the 
bottom-line result was hindered by negative developments in FX mortgages (despite the bank having 
stopped writing new FX mortgages in 2008). 
Going forward, the bank faces an environment of economic turmoil, with the prospects of mild recovery 
on the immediate horizon promising growth opportunities but with uncertainty as regards the ECB 
monetary policy and thus an inherent challenge to profitability. Greater customer expectations, more digital 
and e-commerce activity, the increasing threat of tech platforms and digital attacks and the overriding 
requirement of sustainability will together present significant challenges but also major opportunities. 
The Bank's profitability performance is also constrained by legislative developments in Portugal in relation 
to contributions to the National Resolution Fund and limitations regarding fair commissions and fees. 
In this context, it is necessary to update the Bank's strategic plan, with a particular focus on Portugal Bank 
Millennium in Poland presented its own Strategic Plan. This update is designed to preserve relevant 
priorities from the previous cycle, build on what has already been achieved and add new elements that 
respond to this new environment. 
The main targets in the new strategic plan for BCP include achieving robust profitability and balance sheet 
positions and managing the impact of the pandemic while accelerating its competitive differentiation in 
efficiency and customer engagement levels, supported by a mix of targeted human interaction and new 
mobile/digital solutions, enabled by a highly skilled and effective talent base, while at the same time 
addressing societal sustainability challenges with a focus on climate change risks and the opportunities that 
may unfold in mitigating them. 
The following main strategic priorities for BCP in Portugal have been set out for this new Cycle, preserving 
a balance between continuity and bolder moves to reinforce its competitive edge and innovation: 
 
Serving the financial and protection needs of customers with personalised solutions which combine 
targeted human interaction with a leading mobile platform: aiming to expand relevance and 
develop high engagement relationships that empower BCP's customers in their financial lives. This 
priority is about serving customers in meeting all of those profitable retail needs in which 
Millennium holds a leadership position: investment management, bancassurance and personal 
lending solutions. 
 
Being a trusted partner for corporate recovery and transformation: supporting customers' pursuit 
of opportunities driven by EU funding to the economy (PRR, PT 2030), while enabling solutions 
fit for a more digitized, competitive and export-oriented corporate landscape. 
 
Capital and risk resilience: reinforcing BCP's balance sheet and ensuring readiness for the post-
pandemic world, strengthening both our risk and capital management practices. 
 
Best in class efficiency: realising cost savings enabled by productivity gains already achieved in 
the previous Cycle by several transformational changes including the full exploitation of mobile 
and automated capabilities, increased efficiency in the branch network and tech and data-driven 
process reengineering and automation. 
 
Data and technology edge: focusing efforts on the implementation of our next-generation data 
platform while scaling advanced analytics models to gain differentiating mass personalisation 
capabilities, intelligent automation and informed and agile business and regulatory management. 
In parallel, the Bank will expand the deployment of its new technology foundations by advancing 
its cloud platform, using modular IT building blocks augmented by the digital experience platform 
and new cybersecurity solutions, designed to deliver agility and speed to market, scale, resilience 
and cost efficiency. 
 
Capability building and talent renewal: reinforcing BCP's ability to attract, develop and retain the 
best talent to embrace modern challenges in critical domains and adapt working practices to reflect 
the new paradigm while promoting an equal-opportunity environment.

--- Page 439 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE BUSINESS OF THE GROUP 
 
- 424 - 
 
 
 
Sustainability-driven: adapting our business model to increase differentiation towards the 
community's and our customers' rising expectations of sustainability while capturing associated 
business opportunities as well as addressing regulatory demands. 
Innovation efforts will enable the Bank to explore broader opportunities, going beyond traditional banking, 
not only in order to go on delivering a superior customer experience but also to support the Bank's income 
growth and cost-reduction goals. 
The execution of these priorities for Portugal will be combined with ongoing efforts to explore prudently 
the full growth potential of BCP's international operations, continuously looking for ways to optimize their 
footprint. 
This will enable BCP to deliver against a set of bold targets for 2024. The Group aspires to improve cost 
income ratio (to approximately 40% in 2024) and profitability (aiming at a ROE of approximately 10%). 
In parallel, BCP will focus on risk management, aiming to significantly lower the cost of risk (to 
approximately 50 bps) and the NPE ratio (to approximately 4%), while keeping a prudent CET 1 ratio 
(>12.5%). 
Additionally, there will be continued investment in increasing BCP's mobile presence (with a target of more 
than 65% from 48%) maintaining leading digital customer satisfaction. 
Business Model 
The internal organisational model of the Bank covers four business areas: Retail, Companies, Asset 
Management & Private Banking and Business Abroad (Europe, Africa and Other), and two support units: 
Processes and Banking Services and Corporate Areas. 
Regarding the internal organisation and decision-making structure, it is important to note the existence of 
a series of Commissions and Sub-Commissions directly appointed by the Executive Commission which, 
apart from the Directors who are specifically entrusted with the monitoring of matters, include the 
employees of the Bank or Group who are the heads of their respective areas. 
As at 27 September 2022, there were 14 Commissions and 2 Sub-Commissions aimed at facilitating the 
coordination of current managerial decisions, involving the senior management of the units included in 
each business area, with a view to reconciling perspectives and supporting the managerial decision-making 
process of the Executive Commission, as follows: 
(a) 
Costs and Investments Commission: This Commission has the mission of regular follow-ups on the 
evolution and optimisation of the contracts for the purchase of goods and services which are more 
significant for the Bank and of the respective negotiations and costs authorisation; 
One Sub-Commission operates under the Costs and Investments Commission, the Costs and 
Investments Sub-Commission whose mission is the regular follow-up of the evolution and 
optimisation of the contracts for the purchase of goods and services which are more significant for 
the Bank and of the respective negotiations; also issues of opinions or authorisation of costs for all 
the purchases of goods and services that are not within the competence of the coordinator 
managers, in accordance with the regulations in effect; 
(b) 
Corporate, Investment Banking and Institutional Banking Commission: The functions of this 
Commission are: (i) follow-up of and decision-making on the activity related to Company Clients, 
Corporate and Large Corporate, public sector, Institutional and Investment Banking for analysis of 
objective fulfilment levels; (ii) definition and approval of the business activities priorities; (iii) 
assessment of the business context and proposal of commercial actions that are appropriate for 
each clients specific segment; (iv) assessment of the business main risk indicators; (v) assessment 
of the models for the articulation of the business concerning its migration in the value proposal and 
the interconnection of the bank's networks; and (vi) generating opportunities through cross 
networking with other business units of the Millennium bcp Group; 
(c) 
Human Resources Commission: The primary mission of this Commission is the definition of the 
strategy and approval of the Bank's human resources policies, including the overview of the top 10 
Key Performance Indicators ("KPIs"), contracts and internal mobility, span of control, 
compensation, benefits and recognition programmes. The Human Resources Commission is

--- Page 440 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE BUSINESS OF THE GROUP 
 
- 425 - 
 
 
internally aiming to reinforce the culture, strategic alignment and mobilisation, and externally, in 
terms of value proposal and image, as well as the approach/relationship with relevant stakeholders, 
and the identification of policies, practices and systems to introduce/recommend actions in other 
countries where the Group operates are also functions of this Commission; 
(d) 
Retail Commission: This Commission is entrusted to management and monitors the Retail business 
with the purpose of ensuring a value proposal and a distribution model that allows the Bank to 
comply with its priorities, particularly in terms of profitability and management of the offer 
provided to customers. This Commission also analyses the main indicators for products and 
services and the decisions on changes to the Bank's product range, as well of the main indicators 
for quality and customer experience, claims and customer satisfaction (external and internal); 
(e) 
Compliance and Operational Risks Commission: The main mission of this Commission is 
monitoring the activity of the Bank and/or of the branches/subsidiaries of the Group in each 
jurisdiction, regularly coordinating and managing the policies and obligations of the Bank and/or 
of the branches/subsidiaries of the Group, in order to ensure compliance with the legal and 
compliance regulations, the alignment of the Group strategies and the setting of priorities; 
monitoring the risk management framework (including IT and Outsourcing risks), ensuring its 
application in the Group's operations; monitoring the exposure to the operational risks and the 
status of the implementation and efficiency of the actions identified to strengthen the internal 
control environments; monitoring the management and improvement of the Bank's processes, in 
order to monitor and reduce the levels of exposure to compliance and operational risks; 
(f) 
Capital Assets and Liabilities Management Commission (CALCO): This Commission is entrusted 
with (i) the establishment of the Bank's global policy for the allocation of capital and management 
of structural market and liquidity risks; (ii) monitoring and managing market risks associated to 
assets and liabilities, planning and making capital allocation proposals and proposals to define 
policies for liquidity and market risk management, in terms of the Group consolidated balance 
sheet; 
(g) 
Credit Commission: This Commission decides on credit proposals transversally related with the 
banking activity of the Group and issues an advisory opinion on the credit proposals made by 
entities operating abroad and part of the Group; 
(h) 
Risk Commission: The main duty of this Commission is the definition of the framework and of the 
Group's risk management instruments and policies, establishing the respective principles, rules, 
limits and practices for the Group's entities, taking into account the risk thresholds set forth in the 
Risk Appetite Statement ("RAS").  This commission is responsible for (i) monitoring compliance 
of the group´s risk levels with the RAS, (ii) monitoring global risk levels for all types of risk 
(particularly the credit, market, and liquidity risks), ensuring that these are compatible with the 
goals, financial resources available and strategies approved for the development of the Group's 
activity, and (iii) verifying if the management of risks complies with the applicable 
legislation/regulations; 
(i) 
One Sub-Commission operates under the Risk Commission, the Validation and Monitoring of 
Models Sub-Commission, that monitors and confirms the validity of the various models used by 
the Bank's risk management function, including the technical analysis of models, indicators and 
monitoring results, qualitative validations, back testing, benchmarking and analysis of adequacy 
and adhesion to the reality meant to be modelled.  It also identifies the measures necessary to 
improve model quality and propose to the Risk Commission the methodology to assess model risk 
and respective tolerance level; 
(j) 
Pension Funds Risk Monitoring Commission: This Commission is entrusted for monitoring the 
performance and risk of the Group's pension funds and the establishment of appropriate investment 
policies and hedging strategies; 
(k) 
Operational Resilience Commission: The primary mission of this Commission is integrated 
management of the Group's security policies and business continuity and follow-up of the main 
security risks, policies, data quality processes inherent to the protection and quality of data and of 
the initiatives to be developed in this particular area. This Commission resolves on matters related 
with the management and adoption of security policies and procedures, of business continuity,

--- Page 441 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE BUSINESS OF THE GROUP 
 
- 426 - 
 
 
protection and data quality, definition of safety requirements and Disaster Recovery Plan and 
business continuity annual exercises. This Commission is namely responsible for: (i) periodical 
review of emerging threats and more relevant trends in terms of information and IT safety, 
particularly focusing on cyber-security, promoting, when recommended, the evaluation of new 
protection controls and solutions; and (ii) revision of the results on the security evaluation and 
business continuity, including internal and external audits and supervision of the improvement 
processes and completion of associated recommendations. 
(l) 
Credit and Non-Performing Assets Monitoring Commission: The objective of this Commission is 
to follow-up the evolution of the credit exposures, foreclosed assets and of their quality, as well as 
of the main risk and performance indicators. For this purpose, this Commission: (i) monitors the 
evolution of credit exposure and the credit underwriting process; (ii) monitors the evolution of the 
credit portfolio's quality and of the main performance and risk indicators; (iii) monitors the results 
achieved by the credit monitoring systems; (iv) follows-up the counterparty risk and the largest 
exposures concentration risk; (v) monitors the impairment evolution and the main cases of 
individual analysis; (vi) assesses the performance of the recovery procedures and (vii) monitors 
the divestment in the foreclosed assets portfolio; 
(m) 
Sustainability Commission: the mission of this Commission is the definition and the monitoring of 
the initiatives that will allow the implementation of the Sustainability Master Plan (SMP) in 
compliance with the guidelines of the Plan approved by the Executive Committee.  Always abiding 
by the internal regulations applicable to each Commission and by the functions and competences 
defined in the respective regulations, the competences that the Board of Directors has not reserved 
for itself or for the Audit Committee, for the Committee for Risk Assessment, for the Committee 
for Nominations and Remunerations and for the Committee for Corporate Governance, Ethics and 
Sustainability, are delegated to the Sustainability Commission. However, the aforementioned 
delegation is subject to the condition that any of the executive directors attending the Sustainability 
Commission decide that the subject should be submitted to the Executive Committee for resolution; 
(n) 
Corporate Risk Monitoring Commission: the functions of this Commission are to monitor the 
evolution recorded by the main performing credit exposures of corporate clients, particularly 
assessing the implications of the Covid-19 pandemic versus the specific risk factors of each client 
(activity sector, prior Covid-19 financial standing, costs structure, etc), issuing opinions regarding 
the credit strategy to be adopted; and to follow-up the counter party risk and the largest exposures 
concentration risk; and 
(o) 
Private Banking and Investment Products & Services Commission: the objective of this 
Commission is the management and follow-up of the Private Banking business with the purpose 
of ensuring a value proposal and distribution model that allows the Bank to comply with its 
priorities, particularly in terms of profitability and management of the offer provided to customers. 
Monitoring and follow-up of the investment products and services sold in the Private Banking 
network. This Commission may resolve on the following matters: (i) the Private Banking value-
proposal; (ii) the Private Banking distribution model, including the priorities to be defined for the 
Commercial Network; (iii) the Private Banking's offer, including recommendations addressed to 
the areas involved in the development and management of investment services and products, 
including deciding on the analysis of transactions, as well as the approval of the products that 
should appear in the Execution Display. 
Other Financial Services in Portugal 
Online Banking 
ActivoBank is a leading internet bank in Portugal.  Launched in 2010, ActivoBank offers a streamlined and 
convenient service with an emphasis on emerging distribution and communication channels (e.g. internet 
banking, mobile banking). ActivoBank targets younger, technologically savvy customers who prefer 
simple, modern banking products and services. 
ActivoBank's main goal is to maintain a strong focus on its online presence through its website and social 
media. The pillar of ActivoBank's client relationship is based on online channels, despite also having 16 
physical branches, as at 30 September 2022. ActivoBank was the first Portuguese bank to launch an

--- Page 442 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE BUSINESS OF THE GROUP 
 
- 427 - 
 
 
exclusive application for smartphones. ActivoBank continues to invest heavily in developing new services 
and features, in alignment with new trends, with a primary emphasis on innovation. 
Insurance 
The Bank has an interest in insurance activities through Millenniumbcp Ageas, a joint venture with Ageas 
for bancassurance business in Portugal.  On 26 May 2014, as part of a process aiming to refocus on core 
activities defined as a priority in its Strategic Plan, the Bank announced that it had agreed with the 
international insurance group Ageas a partial recast of the strategic partnership agreements entered into in 
2004, which included the sale of its 49% interest in the (at that time jointly owned) insurance companies 
that operate exclusively in the non-life insurance business, i.e. Ocidental – Companhia Portuguesa de 
Seguros, S.A. and Médis – Companhia Portuguesa de Seguros de Saúde, S.A.  Currently, the Group holds 
49% of Millenniumbcp Ageas' share capital in the life insurance business, while the remaining 51% is held 
by Ageas. 
On 28 July 2014, the Bank announced about the qualifying holding of Ageas and Ocidental Vida that was 
a result of Ageas and Ocidental Vida having subscribed, respectively, 280,490,558 and 408,855,693 
ordinary shares in the rights issue launched by the Bank on 27 June 2014, pursuant to the subscription rights 
attributed to them considering their participation in BCP prior to the rights issue of 156,623,179 shares in 
case of Ageas and of 233,631,825 shares in case of Ocidental Vida. Following the settlement of the rights 
issue on 23 July 2014 and allotment of the oversubscription on 24 July, the number of shares held by Ageas 
increased to 437,113,737 and the number of shares held by Ocidental Vida increased to 652,087,518, thus 
the Ageas Group increased its participation to 1,089,201,255 shares that correspond to 2.01% of the issued 
share capital and of voting rights of the Bank. 
On 16 June 2015, the Bank announced to have received a notification from Ageas Group informing that its 
holding in the share capital of the Bank had fallen below the 2% threshold of qualifying holding. The 
dilution of the former qualifying holding was a result of the Bank's exchange offer of some of its 
subordinated debt and preference shares for ordinary shares, causing the issuance of 4,844,313,860 new 
shares, which increased the total outstanding ordinary shares in BCP to 59,039,023,275.  At that date, the 
Ageas Group's holding was 1.84%. 
Foreign Business 
BCP has concentrated on those businesses with strong growth prospects in foreign markets with a close 
historical connection to Portugal or that have large communities of residents with a Portuguese heritage 
(such as Angola and Mozambique), as well as in markets to which the Bank's successful business model in 
Portugal can be effectively exported and tailored to suit local markets, in particular in Poland. 
Poland 
In Poland, the Bank operates through Bank Millennium, S.A. ("Bank Millennium"), and focuses its 
offerings on individuals and small and medium-sized companies. Bank Millennium is a full-service national 
bank which, jointly with its subsidiaries, offers a complete range of financial products and services, 
including deposit-taking, savings and investment products, short-, medium- and long-term lending 
(including mortgage lending and consumer credit), debit and credit cards, fund transfers and other payment 
methods, mutual funds, insurance, leasing, treasury services and money market transactions. 
In 1998, the Bank entered into a partnership agreement with the Polish financial group, BBG, pursuant to 
which the Bank launched a retail operation with BBG in the Polish market under the "Millennium" brand. 
The Bank currently owns 50.1% of Bank Millennium. 
On 17 October 2018, Bank Millennium took over management of the assets of Spółdzielcza Kasa 
Oszczędnościowo-Kredytowa Piast ("SKOK Piast") (Cooperative Credit Union SKOK Piast), based on a 
decision of the Polish Financial Supervision Authority, and, on 1 November 2018, Bank Millennium 
acquired SKOK Piast. Bank Millennium joined other banks involved in the SKOK turnaround process 
supported by the Polish Financial Supervision Authority and the Bank Guarantee Fund. The acquisition of 
SKOK Piast corresponded with efforts to ensure stability of the national financial system and to ensure 
safety for all clients of financial institutions in Poland.

--- Page 443 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE BUSINESS OF THE GROUP 
 
- 428 - 
 
 
In 2019, the merger of Bank Millennium with Eurobank was approved, on an Extraordinary General 
Meeting of Bank Millennium. The completion of the integration of Eurobank into Bank Millennium took 
place on 27 December 2019, with the Bank Millennium being the surviving entity from the merger and 
now operating under a single brand, a single operating system and a single legal entity. 
Bank Millennium acquired a 99.79% stake in Eurobank from Société Générale Financial Services Holding 
("SocGen"), a subsidiary of Société Générale S.A. The completion of the integration of Eurobank into Bank 
Millennium took place on 27 December 2019. 
Bank Millennium stopped granting mortgage loans in foreign currencies in 2009. Consequently, the Polish 
foreign exchange ("FX") mortgage loans are a mature portfolio, constantly decreasing according to the 
repayment rate and with a low impairment ratio and high coverage by provisions.  As at 30 September 
2022, Bank Millennium's foreign exchange mortgages amounted to approximately 10% of the Polish bank's 
loan book (EUR 1.7 billion), which represents 2.9% of the Group's total loans. On top of these, there are 
also PLN 0.7 billion (approximately EUR 159 million) CHF indexed mortgages from Eurobank but the 
litigation/political risk on this portfolio is covered by a 20-year indemnity provided by SocGen, which also 
provided a 10-year guarantee on 80% of the credit risk on that portfolio. FX mortgages represent 10% of 
its Polish subsidiary total gross loans (approximately 6% market share). 
On 30 September 2022, Bank Millennium had 15,044 loan agreements and additionally 1,178 loan 
agreements from former Euro Bank (84% loans agreements before the Court of first instance and 16% loans 
agreements before the court of second instance) under individual ongoing litigations (excluding claims 
submitted by the bank against clients i.e. debt collection cases) concerning indexation clauses of FX 
mortgage loans submitted to the courts with the total value of claims filed by the plaintiffs amounting to 
PLN 2,449.4 million (EUR 506.17 million) and CHF 183.1 million (EUR 189.98 million) (Bank 
Millennium portfolio: PLN 2,250.1 million (EUR 464.98 million) and CHF 179.2 million (EUR 185.93 
million) and former Euro Bank portfolio: PLN 199.3 million (EUR 41.19 million) and CHF 3.9 million 
(EUR 4.05 million). 
The claims formulated by the clients in individual proceedings primarily concern the declaration of 
invalidity of the contract and payment for reimbursement of allegedly undue performance, due to the 
abusive nature of indexation clauses, or maintenance of the agreement in PLN with interest rate indexed to 
CHF Libor. 
In addition, Bank Millennium is a party to the group proceedings (class action) subject matter of which is 
to determine Bank Millennium's liability towards the group members based on unjust enrichment (undue 
benefit) ground in connection with the foreign currency mortgage loans concluded. It is not a payment 
dispute. The judgment in these proceedings will not directly grant any amounts to the group members. The 
number of credit agreements covered by these proceedings was originally 3,281. On 2 February 2022 the 
court dismissed Bank Millennium's evidentiary motions regarding witnesses, court-appointed experts, 
private expert reports, as well as part of the documents submitted by Bank Millennium, and ordered the 
parties to submit in writing their final positions in the case. On 24 May 2022 the court issued a decision 
changing the composition of the group, thus limiting the number credit agreements involved to 3,273, as 
well as a judgment on the merits, dismissing the claim in full. Both parties requested a written justification 
of the judgment. Upon receiving the written justification, the claimant will be able to appeal the judgment. 
The judgment is not yet final. 
The pushy advertising campaign observed in the public domain affects the number of court disputes. Until 
the end of 2019, 1,982 individual claims were filed against Bank Millennium (in addition, 236 against 
former Euro Bank), in 2020 the number increased by 3,006 (265), in 2021 the number increased by 6,152 
(422), while in the first three quarters of 2022 the number increased by 4,460 (301). 
Based on ZBP (the Polish Banking Association) data gathered from all banks having FX mortgage loans, 
vast majority of disputes were finally resolved in favour of banks until 2019 year. However, after the Court 
of Justice of the European Union ("CJEU") judgment issued on 3 October 2019 (Case C-260/18) the 
proportion has adversely changed, and vast majority of court cases have been lost by banks. As far as Bank 
Millennium itself is concerned, until 30 September 2022, 813 cases were finally resolved (758 in claims 
submitted by clients against Bank Millennium and 55 in claims submitted by Bank Millennium against 
clients i.e. debt collection cases). 45% of finalised individual lawsuits against Bank Millennium were 
favourable for Bank Millennium including remissions and settlements with plaintiffs. Unfavourable rulings 
(55%) included both invalidation of loan agreements as well as conversions into PLN+LIBOR. Bank

--- Page 444 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE BUSINESS OF THE GROUP 
 
- 429 - 
 
 
Millennium files appeals against negative judgements of the courts of first instance as well as submits 
cassation appeals to the Supreme Court against unfavourable for Bank Millennium legally binding verdicts. 
Currently, the statistics of first and second instance court decisions are much more unfavourable, and its 
number is also increasing. 
The outstanding gross balance of the loan agreements under individual court cases and class action against 
Bank Millennium on 30 September 2022 was PLN 5,808 million (EUR 1,200.22 million) of which the 
outstanding amount of the loan agreements under the class action proceeding was PLN 1,001 million (EUR 
206.86 million).  
If all Bank Millennium's loan agreements currently under individual and class action court proceedings 
would be declared invalid without proper compensation for the use of capital, the pre-tax cost could reach 
PLN 5,598 million (EUR 1,156.83 million). Overall losses would be higher or lower depending on the final 
court jurisprudence in this regard. 
In the third quarter of 2022, Bank Millennium created PLN 447.4 million provisions (EUR 95.78 million) 
and PLN 50.8 million (EUR 10.88 million) for former Euro Bank originated portfolio. The balance sheet 
value of provisions for the Bank Millennium portfolio at the end of September 2022 was at the level of 
PLN 4,881 million (EUR 1,008.66 million), and PLN 389 million (EUR 80.39 million) for former Euro 
Bank originated portfolio. 
The methodology developed by Bank Millennium is based on the following main parameters: 
(1) 
the number of current (including class action) and potential future court cases that will appear 
within a specified (three-year) time horizon, 
(2) 
the amount of Bank Millennium's potential loss in the event of a specific court judgment three 
negative judgment scenarios were taken into account: 
invalidity of the agreement; 
average NBP; 
PLN + LIBOR. 
(3) 
the probability of obtaining a specific court verdict calculated on the basis of statistics of judgments 
of the banking sector in Poland and legal opinions obtained. Variation in the level of provisions or 
concrete losses will depend on the final court decisions about each case and on the number of court 
cases. 
(4) 
in the case of a loan agreement invalidity scenario, a component recognized in the methodology, 
taking legal assessments into consideration, is the calculation of Bank Millennium's loss taking 
into account the assignment of a minimum probability of receiving the settlement of a remuneration 
for the cost of use of capital. 
(5) 
new component recognized in the methodology is the amicable settlement with clients in or out of 
court. Notwithstanding Bank Millennium's determination to continue taking all possible actions to 
protect its interests in courts, Bank Millennium has been open to its customers in order to reach 
amicable solutions on negotiated terms, case by case, providing favourable conditions for 
conversion of loans to PLN and/or early repayment (partial or total). As a result of these 
negotiations the number of active FX mortgage loans was materially reduced in 2021 and in 1st 
half 2022. As Bank Millennium is still conducting efforts to further signing of agreements which 
involved some costs, a scenario of further materialization of negotiations was added. However, it 
should be noted that: 
negotiations are conducted on a case-by-case basis and can be stopped at any time by Bank 
Millennium 
as the effort was material in 2021 and in 1st half 2022, the probability of success may be lower in 
the future and at the same time, gradually most of the client base has had contact with Bank 
Millennium regarding potential negotiation of the conversion of the loans to PLN, so Bank

--- Page 445 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE BUSINESS OF THE GROUP 
 
- 430 - 
 
 
Millennium is taking a conservative approach when calculating the potential future impact for the 
time being. 
Legal risk from former Euro Bank portfolio is fully covered by Indemnity Agreement with Société 
Générale. 
Bank Millennium analyzed the sensitivity of the methodology for calculating provisions, for which a 
change in the parameters would affect the value of the estimated loss to the legal risk of litigation: 
Parameter 
Scenario 
Impact on loss due to legal risk 
related to the portfolio of mortgage 
loans in convertible currencies 
Change in the number of 
lawsuits 
Additionally, 1 percentage point of 
active clients file a lawsuit against 
Bank Millennium 
PLN 54 million (EUR 11.16 
million) 
Change in the probability of 
winning a case 
The 
probability 
of 
Bank 
Millennium winning a case is lower 
by 1 percentage points. 
PLN 46 million (EUR 9.51 million) 
Change in estimated losses 
for each variant of the 
judgment 
Increase in losses for each variant of 
the judgment by 1 percentage points 
PLN 42 million (EUR 8.68 million) 
 
Bank Millennium is open to negotiate case by case favourable conditions for early repayment or conversion 
of loans to PLN. As a result of these negotiations the number of active FX mortgage loans decreased by 
8,450 in 2021 and 6,631 in the first three quarters of 2022 compared to over 47,500 active loans at the end 
of 2021. Cost incurred in conjunctions with these negotiations totalled PLN 364.6 million (EUR 75.34 
million) in 2021 and PLN 394.8 million (EUR 81.59 million) in the first three quarters of 2022 and is 
presented mainly in 'Foreign exchange gains/(losses)' in the income statement. 
Finally, it should also be mentioned, that Bank Millennium, as at 30 September 2022, had to maintain 
additional own funds for the coverage of additional capital requirements related to FX mortgage portfolio 
risks (Pillar II FX buffer) in the amount of 2.82 percentage points (2.79 percentage points at the Group 
level), part of which is allocated to operational/legal risk. 
On 3 October 2019, the CJEU issued the judgment in Case C-260/18 in connection with the preliminary 
questions formulated by the District Court of Warsaw in the case against Raiffeisen Bank International AG. 
The judgment of the CJEU, as regards the interpretation of European Union law made therein, is binding 
on domestic courts. The judgment in question interpreted Article 6 of Directive 93/13. In the light of the 
subject matter judgment the said provision must be interpreted in such a way that (i) the national court may 
invalidate a credit agreement if the removal of unfair terms detected in this agreement would alter the nature 
of the main subject-matter of the contract; (ii) the effects for the consumer's situation resulting from the 
cancellation of the contract must be assessed in the light of the circumstances existing or foreseeable at the 
time when the dispute arose and the will of the consumer is decisive as to whether he wishes to maintain 
the contract; (iii) Article 6 of the Directive precludes the filling-in of gaps in the contract caused by the 
removal of unfair terms from the contract solely on the basis of national legislation of a general nature or 
established customs; (iv) Article 6 of the Directive precludes the maintenance of unfair terms in the contract 
if the consumer has not consented to the maintenance of such terms. It can be noticed the CJEU found 
doubtful the possibility of a credit agreement being performed further in PLN while keeping interest 
calculated according to LIBOR. 
The CJEU judgment concerns only the situation where the national court has previously found the contract 
term to be abusive. It is the exclusive competence of the national courts to assess, in the course of judicial 
proceedings, whether a particular contract term can be regarded as abusive in the circumstances of the case.

--- Page 446 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE BUSINESS OF THE GROUP 
 
- 431 - 
 
 
On 29 April 2021, the CJEU issued the judgement in the case C-19/20 in connection with the preliminary 
questions formulated by the District Court in Gdańsk in the case against of ex-BPH S.A., CJEU said that: 
(i) 
it is for the national court to find that a term in a contract is unfair, even if it has been contractually 
amended by those parties. Such a finding leads to the restoration of the situation that the consumer 
would have been in in the absence of the term found to be unfair, except where the consumer, by 
means of amendment of the unfair term, has waived such restoration by free and informed consent. 
However, it does not follow from Council Directive 93/13 that a finding that the original term is 
unfair would, in principle, lead to annulment of the contract, since the amendment of that term 
made it possible to restore the balance between the obligations and rights of those parties arising 
under the contract and to remove the defect which vitiated it. 
(ii) 
the national court may remove only the unfair element of a term in a contract concluded between 
a seller or supplier and a consumer where the deterrent objective pursued by Council Directive 
93/13 is ensured by national legislative provisions governing the use of that term, provided that 
that element consists of a separate contractual obligation, capable of being subject to an individual 
examination of its unfair nature. At the same time, provisions of the Directive preclude the referring 
court from removing only the unfair element of a term in a contract concluded between a seller or 
supplier and a consumer where such removal would amount to revising the content of that term by 
altering its substance. 
(iii) 
the consequences of a judicial finding that a term if a contract concluded between a seller or 
supplier and a consumer is unfair are covered by national law and the question of continuity of the 
contract should be assessed by the national court of its own motion in accordance with an objective 
approach on the basis of those provisions. 
(iv) 
the national court, finding that a term in a contract concluded between a seller or supplier and a 
consumer is unfair, shall inform the consumer, in the context of the national procedural rules after 
both parties have been heard, of the legal consequences entailed by annulment of the contract, 
irrespective of whether the consumer is represented by a professional representative. 
On 18 November 2021, the Court of Justice of the European Union (CJEU) issued a judgment in case C-
212/20 in connection with questions submitted by the District Court for Warsaw Wola in Warsaw in the 
case against Raiffeisen Bank International AG. The CJEU stated that: 
(i) 
The content of the clause of the loan agreement concluded between the entrepreneur and the 
consumer fixing the purchase and sale price of the foreign currency to which the loan is indexed 
should, on the basis of clear and comprehensible criteria, enable the consumer who is reasonably 
well informed and sufficiently observant and rational to understand how the exchange rate of the 
foreign currency used to calculate the amount of the loan instalments is determined, so that the 
consumer is able to determine himself at any time the exchange rate used by the entrepreneur. 
(ii) 
A national court which has found that a term of the agreement concluded between an entrepreneur 
and a consumer is unfair cannot interpret that term in order to mitigate its unfairness, even if such 
an interpretation would correspond to the common will of the parties. 
On 10 June 2021, the Court of Justice of the European Union (CJEU) issued an order in case C-198/20 in 
connection with questions submitted by the District Court for Warsaw Wola in Warsaw in the case against 
Santander Bank Polska SA. The CJEU stated that the protection provided for in Council Directive 
93/13/EEC is granted to all consumers, not just those who can be considered to be 'average, reasonably 
well-informed and reasonably observant and circumspect consumers'. 
On 8 September 2022, the Court of Justice of the European Union (CJEU) issued a judgment in joined 
cases C-80/21, C-81/21, C-82/21 in connection with questions submitted by the District Court for Warsaw 
Śródmieście in Warsaw in cases against Deutsche Bank SA and Bank SA. The CJEU stated that: 
(i) 
A national court may find that the parts of a contractual term of the agreement concluded between 
a consumer and an entrepreneur which render it unfair are unfair, if such a deletion would not 
amount to a change in the content of that term that affects its substance, which is for the referring 
court to verify.

--- Page 447 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE BUSINESS OF THE GROUP 
 
- 432 - 
 
 
(ii) 
A national court cannot, after annulling an unfair term contained in an agreement concluded 
between a consumer and an entrepreneur which does not render the agreement invalid in its entirety, 
replace that term with a supplementary provision of the national law. 
(iii) 
A national court may not, after having declared invalid an unfair term contained in an agreement 
concluded between a consumer and an entrepreneur which entails the invalidity of that agreement 
in its entirety, replace the contractual term which has been declared invalid either by interpretation 
of the parties' declaration of intent in order to avoid the cancellation of that agreement or by a 
provision of national law of a supplementary nature, even if the consumer has been informed of 
the effects of the invalidity of that agreement, and accepted them. 
(iv) 
The ten-year limitation period for a consumer's claim seeking reimbursement of sums unduly paid 
to the entrepreneur in performance of an unfair term of a loan agreement does not start to run on 
the date of each performance made by the consumer if the consumer was not able on that date to 
assess on his own the unfairness of the contractual term or if he had not become aware of the unfair 
nature of that term and without taking into account the circumstances that the agreement provided 
for a repayment period – in this case thirty years – well in excess of the ten-year statutory limitation 
period. 
On 7 May 2021, the Supreme Court composed of 7 judges of the Supreme Court, issued a resolution for 
which the meaning of legal principle has been granted, stating that: 
1. 
An abusive contractual clause (art. 3851 § 1 of the Civil Code), by force of the law itself, is 
ineffective to the benefit of the consumer who may consequently give conscious and free consent 
to this clause and thus restore its effectiveness retroactively. 
2. 
If without the ineffective clause the loan agreement cannot bind, the consumer and the lender shall 
be eligible for separate claims for return of monetary performances made in exercising this 
agreement (art. 410 § 1 in relation to art. 405 of the Civil Code). The lender may demand return of 
the performance from the moment the loan agreement becomes permanently ineffective. 
In this context, taking into consideration the recent negative evolution in the court verdicts regarding FX 
mortgage loans, and if such trend continues, Bank Millennium will have to regularly review and may need 
to continue to increase the balance of provisions allocated to court litigations. 
It can reasonably be assumed that the legal issues relating to foreign currency mortgage loans will be further 
examined by the national courts within the framework of disputes considered which would possibly result 
in the emergence of further interpretations, which are relevant for the assessment of the risks associated 
with subject matter proceedings. This circumstance indicates the need for constant analysis of these matters. 
Further request for clarification and ruling addressed to the European Court of Justice and Polish Supreme 
Court have already been filed and may still be filed with potential impact on the outcome of the court cases. 
Events that may impact foreign currency-indexed mortgage loans legal risk and related provision 
On 29 January 2021 a set of questions addressed by the First President of the Supreme Court to the full 
Civil Chamber of the Supreme Court was published. This may have important consequences in terms of 
clarifications of relevant aspects of the court rulings and their consequences. The Civil Chamber of the 
Supreme Court has been requested for answering the questions concerning key matters related to FX 
mortgage agreements: (i) is it permissible to replace - with the law provisions or with a custom - the abusive 
provisions of an agreement which refer to FX exchange rate determination; moreover, (ii) in case of 
impossibility of determining the exchange rate of a foreign currency in the indexed/denominated credit 
agreement - is it permissible to keep the agreement still valid in its remaining scope; as well as (iii) if in 
case of invalidity of the CHF credit there would be applicable the theory of balance (i.e. does arise a single 
claim which is equal to the difference between value of claims of bank and the customer) or the theory of 
two conditions (separate claims for the bank and for the client that should be dealt with separately). The 
Supreme Court has also been requested for answering the question on (iv) from which point in time there 
shall be starting the limitation period in case of bank's claim for repayment of amounts paid as a loan and 
(v) whether banks and consumers may receive remuneration for using their pecuniary means by another 
party.

--- Page 448 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE BUSINESS OF THE GROUP 
 
- 433 - 
 
 
On 11 May the Civil Chamber of the Supreme Court requested opinions on Swiss franc mortgage loans 
from five institutions including the National Bank of Poland ("NBP"), the Polish Financial Supervision 
Authority ("UKNF"), the Commissioner for Human Rights, the Children's Rights Ombudsman and the 
Financial Ombudsman. 
The positions of: the Commissioner for Human Rights, the Children's Rights Ombudsman and the Financial 
Ombudsman are in general favourable to consumers, while the National Bank of Poland and the Polish 
Financial Supervision Authority present a more balanced position, including fair principles of treatment of 
FX mortgage borrowers vis-à-vis PLN mortgage borrowers, as well as balanced economic aspects regarding 
solutions for the problem that could be considered by the Supreme Court. 
In the next meeting of the Supreme Court, that took place on 2 September 2021, the Court did not address 
the answers to the submitted questions and no new meeting date is known. Bank Millennium will assess in 
due time the implications of the decisions of the Supreme Court on the level of provisions for the legal risk. 
In August 2021, in the case for payment brought by a consumer against Bank Millennium, the CJEU was 
asked for a preliminary ruling (C-520/21) whether, in the event that a loan agreement concluded by a bank 
and a consumer is deemed invalid from the beginning due to unfair contract terms, the parties, in addition 
to the reimbursement of the money paid in contracts (bank - loan capital, consumer - instalments, fees, 
commissions and insurance premiums) and statutory interest for delay from the moment of calling for 
payment, may also claim any other benefits, including receivables in particular, remuneration, 
compensation, reimbursement of costs or valorisation of the performance. The hearing was held on 12 
October 2022. The hearing was attended by representatives of Bank Millennium, the consumer's 
representative, representatives of the European Commission, the Polish government, the Financial 
Ombudsman, the Commissioner for Human Rights, the Polish Financial Supervision Authority and the 
prosecutor. In its position, the European Commission opposed granting banks the right to an additional 
financial benefit for the consumer's use of the capital provided. At the same time, the Commission 
concluded that granting consumers the right to an additional financial benefit will not be contrary to the EU 
law. The representatives of the Polish government, the Financial Ombudsman, the Commissioner for 
Human Rights and the prosecutor also objected to granting banks the right to an additional benefit. The 
Chairman of the Polish Financial Supervision Authority pointed out that the essence of the problem is not 
the abusiveness of contractual clauses, but the appreciation of the Swiss Franc (CHF) against the zloty 
(PLN). In the opinion of the Chairman of the Polish Financial Supervision Authority, banks are entitled to 
economic compensation for allowing another entity to use the capital. 
The next stage in the case will be the issuance of an opinion by the Advocate General in the case. The 
opinion is scheduled for 16 February 2023. 
With the scope of settlements between Bank Millennium and borrower following the fall of the loan 
agreement is also connected the legal issue directed to the seven-person composition of the Supreme Court 
(case sign: III CZP 54/21). The date of case review has not been specified yet. 
The Supreme Court was also presented with the issue of whether the loan agreement is a mutual agreement 
in the light of the regulations concerning retention right. 
On 8 December 2020, Mr. Jacek Jastrzębski, the Chairman of the Polish Financial Supervision Authority 
("PFSA") proposed a 'sector' solution to address the sector risks related to FX mortgages. The solution 
would consist in offering by banks to their clients a voluntary possibility of concluding arrangements based 
on which a client would conclude with the bank a settlement as if his/her loan from the very beginning had 
been a PLN loan bearing interest at an appropriate WIBOR rate increased by the margin historically 
employed for such loan. 
Following that public announcement, the idea has been subject of consultations between banks under the 
auspices of the PFSA and Polish Banking Association. Banks in general have been assessing the conditions 
under which such solution could be implemented and consequent impacts. 
As expressed in previous financial reports, in the view of the Management Board of Bank Millennium, 
important aspects to take into consideration when deciding on potential implementation of such program 
are: a) favourable opinion or at least non-objection from important public institutions; b) support from 
National Bank of Poland to the implementation; c) level of legal certainty of the settlement agreements to 
be signed with the borrowers; d) level of the financial impact on a pre- and after tax basis; e) capital

--- Page 449 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE BUSINESS OF THE GROUP 
 
- 434 - 
 
 
consequences including regulatory adjustments in the level of capital requirements associated with FX 
mortgage loans. 
Based on current information some of the above-mentioned aspects are not likely to be fully clarified and / 
or achieved. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, neither the Management Board nor any other corporate body of Bank 
Millennium took any decision regarding implementation of such program. If and when a recommendation 
regarding the program would be ready, the Management Board would submit it to the Supervisory Board 
and General Shareholders meeting taking into consideration the relevance of such decision and its 
implications. 
Due to the complexity and uncertainty regarding the outcome of court cases, as well as from potential 
implementation of KNF Chairman solution or from potential Supreme Court decisions or European Court 
of Justice decisions, it is difficult to reliably estimate potential impacts of such different outcomes and their 
interaction as at the date of publication of the Base Prospectus. 
In the first nine months of 2022, Bank Millennium recorded net income totalling EUR -270.5 million which 
compares to EUR -181.2 million in the first nine months of 2021. 
Banking income was up 37% to EUR 700.8 million in September 2022, positively influenced by the 
performance of net interest income, which increased 70, versus September 2021, reflecting the strong 
increase in official interest rates by the NBP, from 0,10% in May 2020 to 6.75% in September 2022. 
However, net commissions decreased 4% and other income (which includes also trading) decreased from 
EUR -53.0 in September 2021 to EUR --159.3 million in September 2022. Operating costs recorded an 
increase of 8% to EUR 259.9 million, due to the increase in staff costs (+8%) and in other costs (+8%). The 
cost-to-income ratio31 stood at 37.1% and ROE was -28.1%. The cost of risk stood at 44 basis points accrued 
since the beginning of the year and the loans to deposits ratio at around 80%. Bank Millennium's CET 1 
ratio stood at 9 5% and total capital at 12 4%. Capital ratios are expected to be temporarily below minimum 
requirements due to the impact of upfront booking of credit holidays The recovery is expected in a relatively 
short term through a combination of further improvement of operational profitability and capital 
optimization initiatives. As at 30 September 2022, customer funds stood at to EUR 21,630 million, an 
decrease of 0.3% versus 30 September 2021. Loans to Customers (gross) decreased 2.9% to EUR 16,843 
million (EUR 16.8 billion recorded in "Financial assets at amortised cost – Loans and advances to 
Customers"; EUR 37 million (gross amount without considering fair value adjustments) recorded in 
"Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss – Financial assets not held for trading mandatorily at 
fair value through profit or loss"). The number of employees totalled 6,788 at the end of September 2022. 
On that date, the Issuer had 633 branches, 32 less than in September 2021. 
Mozambique 
The Bank has had banking operations in Mozambique since 1995.  BIM - Banco Internacional de 
Moçambique, S.A. ("Millennium bim" or "BIM") is the second Mozambique's largest bank in terms of 
assets, loans and deposits market shares (Source: Central Bank of Mozambique). The 3 pillars of the 
strategic plan of Millennium bim for 2018 are: Human resources; Management of risk, ensuring i) prudence 
in liquidity management, ii) reduction of the exposure to high risk clients, replacing it with new credit with 
a better risk and iii) providing support to clients in a proactive manner to avoid default situations and, 
consequently, recording impairments; and earnings, maintaining i) focus on increasing the number of 
clients as a way to ensure a sustained net income, ii) reduction of operating costs in spite of the inflationary 
context and currency depreciation, and iii) good solvency and efficiency ratios, ensuring the achievement 
of a solid and distinctive position in the market. 
On 29 December 2021, BIM formalised the entry into force of a long-term agreement with Fidelidade – 
Companhia de Seguros, SA, with a view to strengthening capabilities and expanding the offer of insurance 
through the banking channel (bancassurance) in Mozambique. Under this partnership, the possibility of 
which was provided for in the memorandum of understanding signed between BCP and the Fosun Group 
in November 2016, BIM and Fidelidade also formalized the sale by BIM to Fidelidade of shares 
representing 70% of the share capital and voting rights of Seguradora Internacional de Moçambique, SA, 
("SIM") with BIM maintaining approximately 22% of its share capital. BIM and Fidelidade also agreed 
 
31 
As used in this Base Prospectus, "cost to income ratio" means operating costs divided by net operating revenues

--- Page 450 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE BUSINESS OF THE GROUP 
 
- 435 - 
 
 
call and put options with a view to enabling Fidelidade to acquire additional shares, and BIM's shareholding, 
as a result of these options, may be reduced to 9.9% of SIM's capital. Under the long-term exclusive 
distribution agreement, BIM will promote the distribution of SIM insurance through the banking channel, 
continuing to provide its customers with a wide range of competitive insurance products, which is 
reinforced by the partnership with Fidelidade. The amount received by BIM for the sale of 70% of SIM is 
EUR 46.8 million. Considering this value, the operation had a (positive) impact on BCP's consolidated 
results for the current year, on a pro forma basis as of 11/30/2021, of approximately EUR 5.2 million and 
a positive impact on the consolidated CET1 ratio and in the total capital of 7 basis points. 
In the first nine months of 2022, Millennium bim recorded a net income of EUR 70.0 million, a 14.1% 
increase when compared to the same period of the previous year. In this period, banking income32  
increased by 24.2% amounting to EUR 188.0 million, driven by the increase of net interest income 
(+25.2%), commissions (+16.1%) and other income, which includes trading income (+~28.9%). Operating 
costs increased 23.7% to EUR 82.4 million, and cost-to-income stood at 43.8%. ROE stood at 19.0%. Loan 
impairment amounted to EUR 74.7 million (EUR 52.8 million recorded in September 2021) and the cost 
of risk increased from 132 basis points to 166 basis points. As at 30 September 2022, Millennium bim had 
a capital ratio of 36.9%. 
Total customer funds in 30 September 2022 stood at EUR 2,266 million, up from EUR 1,844 million, 
recorded in 30 September 2021, showing an increase of 22.9%. Loans to customers (gross) amounted to 
EUR 750 million in December 2021, compared to EUR 625 million in September 2021, an increase of 
19.9%. 
As at 30 September 2022, Millennium bim had 197 branches, minus 2 than in September 2021. At that 
date, the bank had 2,507 employees (excluding employees from SIM, the insurance company) and had 
2,629 employees as at 30 September 2021. 
Angola 
BMA was incorporated on 3 April 2006, as a result of the transformation of the BCP branch in Angola into 
a bank incorporated under the laws of the Republic of Angola. 
In February 2009, the Bank carried out financial transactions relating to the strategic partnership agreements 
established with Sonangol (a company that held, as at 30 June 2017, 15.24% of the Bank's share capital and 
voting rights) and Banco Privado Atlântico, S.A. ("BPA") (in which BMA held a shareholding of 6.66%), 
as a result of which the Bank reduced its stake in BMA to 52.7% through BMA's share capital increase of 
USD 105,752,496.80. 
In April 2012, the Bank reduced its stake in BMA to 50.1%, following BMA's share capital increase, which 
was fully subscribed to by Global Pactum - Gestão de Activos (main shareholder of BPA), in line with the 
partnership agreement entered into with Sonangol and BPA. Within the scope of this partnership, the Bank, 
Sonangol and BPA entered in May 2008 into a shareholders' agreement regarding BMA, which included, 
among others, clauses on corporate bodies and preferential rights in case of transfer of BMA's shares. 
On 8 October 2015, the Bank announced it had signed a memorandum of understanding with the main 
shareholder of BPA for the merger of BMA with BPA. The public deed for the merger was executed on 22 
April 2016. Following the merger, BCP owns 22.5% of the share capital of Banco Millennium Atlântico. 
In the context of the BMA merger with BPA, BMA was considered a discontinued operation in March 
2016. As of the completion of the merger in May 2016, the new merged entity in which the Bank maintains 
a 22.5% shareholding, Banco Millennium Atlântico, is consolidated using the equity method. 
Banco Millennium Atlântico contribution to BCP Group earnings in in the first nine months of 2022 was 
EUR -8.8 million which compares to EUR -11.2 million in the first nine months of 2021. 
Macao 
The Group's presence in Macao goes back to 1993, initially through an offshore license. In 2010, the Group 
began operating its first fully licensed (on shore) branch in Macao. This branch is directed at providing 
 
32 
"Banking income" or "net operating revenues" is the sum of net interest income, dividends from equity instruments, net 
commissions,      net    trading income, other net operating income and equity accounted earnings.

--- Page 451 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE BUSINESS OF THE GROUP 
 
- 436 - 
 
 
services to the Bank's network through support to individual and company Customers, broadening the base 
of local customers and expanding the activity around the China-Macao-Portuguese speaking countries 
platform, focusing on the offer of investment banking services. 
As at 30 September 2022, customer funds stood at EUR 499 million and gross loans reached EUR 954 
million. In the first nine months of 2022, net income amounted to EUR 13.5 million. 
Other 
The Bank also has seven representative offices (one in the United Kingdom, two in Switzerland, two in 
Brazil, one in China in Canton and one in South Africa), and three commercial protocols (United States, 
France and Luxembourg). 
International Partnerships 
Ageas 
In 2005, the Group and Fortis (currently, Ageas) established a joint venture for bancassurance business, 
through the insurance company Millennium bcp Fortis (currently, Millenniumbcp Ageas). The Group holds 
49% of Millenniumbcp Ageas' share capital, while the remaining 51% is held by Ageas. In September 2005, 
Ageas increased its shareholding in the Bank to 4.99%. As a consequence of the two Bank share capital 
increases that took place in 2006, Ageas' shareholding in the Bank decreased to 4.94%. In September 2007, 
Ageas disposed of its qualifying holding in the share capital of the Bank. 
On 26 May 2014, the Bank announced that, as part of a process aiming to refocus on core activities defined 
as a priority in its Strategic Plan, it had agreed with the international insurance group Ageas to partially 
recast the strategic partnership agreements entered into in 2004. These include the sale of its 49% interest 
in the (at that time jointly owned) insurance companies that operate exclusively in the non-life insurance 
business, i.e. Ocidental-Companhia Portuguesa de Seguros, S.A. and Médis - Companhia Portuguesa de 
Seguros de Saúde, S.A., for a base price of EUR 122.5 million, subject to a medium term performance 
adjustment. In 2013, the non-life activity posted gross inflows of EUR 251 million and a net profit of EUR 
12 million. 
On 28 July 2014, the Bank announced that Ageas, on behalf of itself and its subsidiary Ocidental-
Companhia Portuguesa de Seguros de Vida, S.A. ("Ocidental Vida"), had acquired a qualifying holding in 
the share capital of the Bank. The qualifying holding was a result of Ageas and Ocidental Vida having 
subscribed, respectively, 280,490,558 and 408,855,693 ordinary shares in the rights issue launched by the 
Bank on 27 June 2014, pursuant to the subscription rights attributed to them considering their participation 
in the Bank prior to the rights issue (156,623,179 shares in case of Ageas and of 233,631,825 shares in case 
of Ocidental Vida). 
Following the settlement of the rights issue, on 23 July 2014, and allotment of the oversubscription, on 24 
July, the number of shares held by Ageas increased to 437,113,737 and the number of shares held by 
Ocidental Vida increased to 652,087,518, thus Ageas Insurance International Group (i.e. Ageas and 
Ocidental Vida) increased its participation to 1,089,201,255 shares that correspond to 2.01% of the issued 
share capital and of voting rights of BCP. 
On 16 June 2015, the Bank announced that it had received an announcement from Ageas, issued on behalf 
of itself and Ocidental Vida, informing that Ageas Insurance International Group (i.e. Ageas and Ocidental 
Vida) holding in the share capital of the Bank had fallen below the 2% threshold of qualifying holding 
(1.84%). The dilution of the former qualifying holding is a result of BCP's exchange offer of some of its 
subordinated debt and preference shares for ordinary shares, causing the issuance of 4,844,313,860 new 
shares, which increased the total outstanding ordinary shares in BCP to 59,039,023,275. 
Sonangol and BPA 
Following the announcement made by the Bank on 8 October 2015, the Bank informed on 25 April 2016 
that the public deed for the merger of Banco Millennium Angola, S.A. with Banco Privado Atlântico, S.A. 
had been executed.

--- Page 452 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE BUSINESS OF THE GROUP 
 
- 437 - 
 
 
Developments in 2022 
Bank Millennium 
On 26 January 2022, the Bank announced that it was notified by Bank Millennium about the creation of 
additional provisions against legal risk related to the foreign exchange ("FX") mortgage loans portfolio, 
according to the following report (references in the extract below to the Bank are to Bank Millennium S.A.): 
"The Management Board of Bank Millennium S.A. ("the Bank") informs that it took a decision to create in 
its fourth quarter 2021 accounts, PLN 661.8 million of provisions for legal risk connected with FX 
mortgage loans originated by the Bank. Additional PLN70.2 million provisions will also be created against 
legal risk related to the loan book originated by Euro Bank, S.A. but without a bottom line impact. The 
provisions reflect the continuing negative trends in court decisions, inflow of new court cases and resultant 
changes in the Bank's legal risk assessment methodology. As a result of this level of provisions, despite 
solid operating performance, the Bank expects a negative net result in the fourth quarter of 2021" (which 
was later confirmed). 
On 13 April 2022, the Bank announced that it was notified by Bank Millennium S.A. in Poland, in which 
the Bank holds a 50.1% stake, about the creation of additional provisions against legal risk related to the 
FX mortgage loans portfolio, according to the following report (references in the extract below to the Bank 
are to Bank Millennium S.A.): 
"The Management Board of Bank Millennium S.A. ("the Bank") informs that it took a decision to create in 
its 1st quarter 2022 accounts, PLN 451.2 million of provisions for legal risk connected with FX mortgage 
loans originated by the Bank. Additional PLN48.0 million provisions will also be created against legal risk 
related to the loan book originated by Euro Bank, S.A. but without a bottom line impact. The provisions 
reflect the continuing negative trends in court decisions, inflow of new court cases and resultant changes 
in the Bank's legal risk assessment methodology. As a result of this level of provisions, despite solid 
operating performance, the Bank expects a negative net result for the 1st quarter of 2022. More information 
about the legal risk and 1st quarter 2022 financial results will be disclosed in a periodical report scheduled 
for April 26, 2022". 
On 8 July 2022, the Bank announced that it was notified by Bank Millennium S.A. in Poland, in which the 
Bank holds a 50.1% stake, about the creation of additional provisions against legal risk related to the foreign 
exchange ("FX") mortgage loans portfolio, according to the following report (references in the extract 
below to the "Bank" are to Bank Millennium, S.A.): 
 
" The Management Board of Bank Millennium S.A. ("the Bank") informs that it took a decision 
to create in its 2Q2022 accounts, PLN 467.4 million of provisions for legal risk connected with 
FX mortgage loans originated by the Bank. Additional PLN 48.0 million provisions will also be 
created against legal risk related to the loan book originated by former Euro Bank S.A. but without 
a bottom-line impact. The provisions reflect the continuing negative trends in court decisions, 
inflow of new court cases and resultant changes in the Bank’s legal risk assessment methodology. 
On the Bank’s early estimates, despite this level of provisions the Bank would, owing to its solid 
operating performance, post a positive net result for the 2nd quarter 2022. However, due to booking 
of costs related to joining the IPS as reported by the Bank in the current report 19/2022 published 
on 7 June 2022, the Bank will post a negative net result for the 2nd quarter of 2022 ",  
(which was later confirmed). 
On 15 July 2022, the Bank announced that it was notified by Bank Millennium about (i) expected negative 
impact of credit holidays on 3rd quarter 2022 results of Bank Millennium S.A. Capital Group (the "Bank 
Millennium Group") and (ii) the launching of a Recovery Plan, according to the following report 
(references in the extract below to the "Bank" are to Bank Millennium, S.A. and references to the "Group" 
are to Bank Millennium, S.A. and its subsidiaries): 
 
"The Management Board of Bank Millennium S.A. ('the Bank') informs that, following the signing 
by the President of the Republic of Poland and announcement in the Journal of Laws of the 
Republic of Poland on the same day of the Act of 7 July 2022 on crowdfunding for business 
ventures and assistance to borrowers ('the Act'), introducing, among others, a possibility of up to 
8 months of credit holidays in 2022-2023 for PLN mortgage borrowers, the Bank estimated the

--- Page 453 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE BUSINESS OF THE GROUP 
 
- 438 - 
 
 
maximum impact of the implementation of this Act for Bank Millennium S.A. Capital Group ('the 
Group') level at PLN 1,779 million (of which PLN 1,731 million at solo level and PLN 48 million 
at Millennium Bank Hipoteczny S.A. level) if all eligible Group's borrowers were to use such an 
opportunity. The Group/Bank expects to recognise an upfront cost in 3rd quarter 2022 results in 
the range between 75-90% of the above amounts. The impact of each 10% of eligible borrowers 
fully using the credit holidays is estimated at PLN 178 million at the Group level. Due to costs 
generated as a result of the above-mentioned Act, it could be reasonably assumed that the Bank 
will post a negative net result for the 3rd quarter of 2022 and as a result its capital ratios may fall 
below the current minimum requirements set by Polish Financial Supervision Authority ('PFSA'). 
As the emergence of risk of a breach of respective capital ratios represents a prerequisite stipulated 
in the art. 142 sec. 1 and 2 of the Banking Act of 29 August 1997 (Journal of Laws 2021, item 
2439, i.e. 28 December 2021, as amended), today the Management Board of the Bank took a 
decision to launch the Recovery Plan, notifying of the fact both PFSA and Bank Guarantee Fund. 
The Management Board of the Bank intends to increase capital ratios comfortably above the 
minimum required levels through a combination of further improvement of operational 
profitability and capital optimisation initiatives such as management of risk weighted assets 
(including securitisations)." 
On 7 October 2022, the Bank announced that it was notified by Bank Millennium about the significant 
items impacting 3rd quarter 2022 financial results, according to the following report (references in the 
extract below to the Bank are to Bank Millennium, S.A. and references to the Group are to Bank 
Millennium, S.A. and its subsidiaries): 
 
"The Management Board of Bank Millennium S.A. ('the Bank') informs that it took a decision to 
create in its 3rd quarter 2022 accounts, PLN 447 million of provisions for legal risk connected 
with FX mortgage loans originated by the Bank. Additionally, PLN 51 million worth of provisions 
were created against legal risk related to the loan book originated by former Euro Bank S.A. but 
without a bottom line impact. The provisions reflect trends in court decisions, inflow of new court 
cases and resultant implications for the Bank's legal risk assessment methodology. As a result, the 
balance of provisions for this risk reached circa PLN 5,270 million at the end of September 2022 
(of which PLN 4,881 million for the portfolio originated by the Bank). The Bank continued its 
efforts to reduce the FX mortgage portfolio through amicable solutions offered to borrowers. 3rd 
quarter 2022 was the sixth consecutive quarter when the number of amicable settlements exceeded 
2,000 and was higher than the number of new cases filed against the Bank in the period. The cost 
of these settlements was higher than in the 2nd quarter 2022 due to trends in FX and interest rates. 
As a result of amicable solutions and other natural drivers, at end of September 2022 the number 
of active FX mortgage loan agreements originated by the Bank fell below the 40,000 mark, while 
the value of FX mortgages originated by the Bank was 18% lower y/y in CHF terms and excluding 
the impact of legal risk provisions. Additionally, in the 3rd quarter 2022 Bank Millennium S.A. 
Capital Group ('the Group') recognised PLN 1,423 million (Bank only: PLN 1,385 million) upfront 
cost of credit holidays. As a result of these costs, the Bank/Group will post negative net result for 
the 3rd quarter of 2022, as had been signalled in the current report 21/2022 dated July 15, 2022." 
AGM and Board of Directors 
On 4 May 2022, the Bank concluded, exclusively through electronic means and with 64.31% of the share 
capital represented, the Annual General Meeting of Shareholders, with the following resolutions: 
 
Item One – Approval of the individual and consolidated Annual Report, balance sheet and financial 
statements of 2021, and the Corporate Governance Report, that includes a chapter on the 
remuneration of the management and supervisory bodies and the Sustainability Report; 
 
Item Two – Approval of the proposal for the appropriation of profit concerning the 2021 financial 
year; 
 
Item Three – Approval of a vote of trust and praise addressed to the Board of Directors, including 
to the Executive Committee and to the Audit Committee and each one of their members, as well 
as to the Chartered Accountant and its representative; 
 
Item Four – Approval of the updating of the policy for the remuneration of Members of the 
Management and Supervisory Bodies;

--- Page 454 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE BUSINESS OF THE GROUP 
 
- 439 - 
 
 
 
Item Five – Approval of the update of the internal policy for the selection and assessment of the 
suitability of the Members of the Management and Supervisory Bodies and Key-functions Holders; 
 
Item Six – Approval of the update of the policy for selection and appointment of the Statutory 
Auditor or audit firm and the hiring of non-prohibited non-audit services, under the terms of the 
legislation in force; 
 
Item Seven – Approval of the proposal to amend the articles of association of Banco Comercial 
Português, S.A.; 
 
Item Eight – Election of the Board of Directors for the 2022/2025 term of office, including the 
Audit Committee; 
 
Item Nine – Election of the Remunerations and Welfare Board for the term-of-office 2022/2025; 
and 
 
Item Ten – Approval of the acquisition and sale of own shares and bonds. 
On 5 September 2022, the Bank informed that, following receipt of the letter from the European Central 
Bank on the assessment of the suitability of the members of the Board of Directors and the Audit Committee 
elected at the General Shareholders' Meeting of 4 May 2022 for the four-year period 2022/2025, the Board 
of Directors began its functions on that date. 
Clara Raposo and Teófilo da Fonseca were not subject to this assessment since they informed that, for 
personal reasons, they were not available to serve on the Board of Directors. 
The Company Secretary and the Alternate Company Secretary were also nominated, on the same date, 
respectively: Ana Isabel dos Santos de Pina Cabral and Ana Patrícia Moniz Macedo. 
On 11 October 2022, the Bank announced that its Board of Directors, in accordance with the law and the 
Bank's regulations on Succession Planning, approved on that same date the co-optation of Prof. Altina 
Sebastián and Mr. Pedro Ferreira Malaquias as independent non-executive directors of the Bank, thus filling 
the vacancies on the Board of Directors. 
The Bank also announced that the co-optation was subject to the suspensive condition of obtaining 
authorization from the European Central Bank to exercise their functions and would be submitted for 
ratification at the Bank's next General Meeting. 
On 20 December 2022, the Bank concluded, with 63.57% of the share capital represented, the General 
Meeting of Shareholders, with the following resolutions: 
 
Item One - approval of the amendment to article 4 (1) of the articles of association (Share Capital) 
aiming at reformulating the items of equity, comprising the reinforcement of funds able of being 
regulatory qualified as distributable by means of the reduction of the share capital in 1,725,000,000 
euros, without changing either the existing number of shares or net equity; 
 
Item Two -  ratification of the co-optation by the Board of Directors of two Directors, Prof. Altina 
Sebastián and Mr. Pedro Ferreira Malaquias, for the term-of-office 2022/2025; 
 
Item Three - election of an alternate member of the Audit Committee for the 2022/2025 term-of-
office. 
See "Management, Audit Committee and Statutory Auditor" for the members and committees of the Board 
of Directors as at the date of this Base Prospectus. 
Audit Partner 
On 21 July 2022, the Bank informed that, considering that the Regulations of the Statutory Auditors 
Association foresees that the maximum exercise period of a partner responsible for the guidance of the 
statutory audit of an auditor is seven years and that Paulo Alexandre de Sá Fernandes, ROC no. 1456, 
registered with the CMVM under no. 20161066, was the partner of Deloitte & Associados - Sociedade de 
Revisores Oficiais de Contas, S.A. ("Deloitte") responsible for the statutory and external auditing of the

--- Page 455 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE BUSINESS OF THE GROUP 
 
- 440 - 
 
 
Bank since 2016, the Bank disclosed that it was informed on the same date by Deloitte that, from that day 
on, João Carlos Henriques Gomes Ferreira, ROC no. 1129, registered with the CMVM under no. 20160741, 
became responsible for the statutory and external auditing of the Bank. 
Regulatory Developments 
On 11 May 2022, the Bank announced that it has been notified by Banco de Portugal, as the national 
resolution authority, about the establishment of its minimum requirement for own funds and eligible 
liabilities ("MREL") as decided by the Single Resolution Board. 
The resolution strategy applied continues to be a multiple point of entry ("MPE"). The MREL requirements 
to be met by the BCP group of resolution (consisting of BCP, S.A., Banco ActivoBank, S.A. and all the 
subsidiary companies of BCP except for Bank Millennium S.A. and Banco Internacional de Moçambique 
and their respective subsidiaries), from 1 January 2024 are the following: 
 
23.81% of the total risk exposure amount ("TREA") (to which adds further a combined buffer 
requirement ("CBR") of 3.5%, thus corresponding to total requirements of 27.31%); and 
 
6.92% of the leverage ratio exposure measure ("LRE"). 
The Bank also announced that until 1 January 2024, the Bank should comply with an interim requirement 
of: 
 
18.09% of TREA (to which adds a further 3.25% CBR requirement, thus corresponding to a total 
requirement of 21.34%); and 6.92% of the LRE. 
The Bank informed that no subordination requirements have been applied to the Bank. 
These targets replaced those previously set. 
The MREL requirements described above are in line with the 2021-24 Strategic Plan and are accommodated 
by the ongoing funding plan. As of 1 January 2022, the Bank complied with the intermediate MREL 
requirement set for that date, both as a percentage of the TREA (also including the applicable CBR) and as 
a percentage of the LRE. 
On 14 June 2022, the Bank announced that Moody's, as part of its regular revision, upgraded BCP's senior 
unsecured debt ratings to Investment Grade, from Ba1/Prime-2 to Baa3/Prime-2, driven by the reduction 
of non-performing assets ("NPA") and the improvement in capitalization levels over the last years, the 
improvement in domestic profitability, which offsets the impact of provisions for legal risk in Poland, as 
well as the BCP's funding plan being executed to comply with its Minimum Requirement for own funds 
and Eligible Liabilities ("MREL"), including the combined buffer requirement ("CBR"), from January 
2024. 
Simultaneously, the rating agency affirmed the Bank's baseline credit assessment ("BCA") and Adjusted 
BCA at ba2; the Banks' deposit ratings at Baa2/Prime-2; the junior senior debt rating at (P)Ba2; the dated 
subordinated debt at (P)Ba3; and its preference shares rating at B2(hyb). 
Moody's outlook on the long-term deposit and senior unsecured debt ratings remained stable. 
On 16 September 2022, the Bank announced that S&P upgraded its long-term issuer credit rating by one 
notch to 'BB+', keeping the Outlook stable. 
The Bank also announced that this upgrade followed the upgrade on the sovereign rating, as well as the 
improvement of BCP credit risk profile, that resulted in a 40% reduction in NPEs since 2019 S&P's 
expectation that the uncertainties in Poland will have a manageable impact on the level of the Bank's 
capitalisation.  Lastly, the Bank informed that the Outlook reflected that the Bank's solid retail franchise 
should enable the strengthening of its domestic profitability. 
New Issuances 
On 18 October 2022, the Bank announced that it set the terms for a new issue of senior preferred debt 
securities eligible for MREL (Minimum Requirement for own funds and Eligible Liabilities), under its Euro

--- Page 456 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE BUSINESS OF THE GROUP 
 
- 441 - 
 
 
Note Programme.  The Bank announced that the issue, in the amount of €350 million, had a tenor of 3 
years, with the option of early redemption by the Bank at the end of year 2, an issue price of 100% and an 
annual interest rate of 8.5% during the first 2 years (corresponding to a spread of 5.547% over the 2-year 
mid-swap rate). The annual interest rate for the 3rd year was set at 3-month Euribor plus a 5.547% spread. 
Lastly, the Bank announced a high demand and a diversified profile of the investors who subscribed the 
issue, confirming the Bank's ability to access the capital markets in a context of high volatility and great 
uncertainty. 
On 22 November 2022, the Bank announced it decided not to exercise the early redemption option on its 
€300,000,000 4.50% T2 Subordinated Fixed Rate Reset Notes due December 2027 (ISIN: 
PTBCPWOM0034) on its one-time call date (7 December 2022). As such, and in accordance with the 
relevant final terms, the coupon would be reset to the aggregate of the 5-year Mid-Swap Rate prevailing on 
5 December 2022 and the initial margin of 4.267% per annum. The decision not to call the Notes was taken 
after the evaluation of various factors, including current unusual market conditions as well as the continued 
recognition of the relevant notes as Tier 2 capital and their MREL eligibility. The Bank would assess, and 
decide whether or not to exercise, future call options on other instruments on a case-by-case basis. 
The Bank also announced the launch of an exchange offer (the "Exchange Offer") in respect to the relevant 
notes, offering to noteholders the option and opportunity to exchange their holdings for new euro 
denominated 10.25nc5.25 Tier 2 notes in light of BCP’s decision not to call the relevant notes. 
On 30 November 2022, the Bank informed about the results of the Exchange Offer, which expired at 4:00 
p.m. on 29 November 2022, having received valid offers for exchange by noteholders for an aggregate 
nominal amount of €133,700,000.00. On 5 December 2022, the Bank issued new notes in the same amount, 
which were subscribed by those noteholders that validly offered relevant notes for exchange. 
The new notes, in the amount of €133,700,000.00, have a tenor of 10.25 years, with the option of early 
redemption by the Bank during a period of three months at the end of the year 5, and fixed annual interest 
rate of 8.75% during the first 5.25 years. The annual interest rate from year 5.25 onwards was set at the 5-
year mid-swap rate plus a 6.051%. 
Prudential Requirements 
On 21 December 2022, the Bank announced that, under the context of the Supervisory Review and 
Evaluation Process ("SREP"), it was notified of the decision of the ECB regarding minimum prudential 
requirements to be fulfilled on a consolidated basis from 1 January 2023. In addition, the Bank was 
informed by the Bank of Portugal on its capital buffer requirement as "other systemically important 
institution" ("O-SII"). 
The ECB's decision prescribes the following minimum ratios as a percentage of total risk weighted assets 
("RWA") from 1 January 2023: 
 
30 Sep 2022* 
 
Minimum Capital Requirements 
BCP Consolidated 
 
Fully implemented 
 
Capital Requirements: 
Of which: 
Pillar 1 
Pillar 2 
Buffers 
CET1 .......................  
11.4% 
 
9.41% 
4.50% 
1.41% 
3.50% 
Tier 1 .......................  
12.3% 
 
11.38% 
6.00% 
1.88% 
3.50% 
Total ........................  
15.1% 
 
14.00% 
8.00% 
2.50% 
3.50% 
 
 _______________  
* 
Including unaudited earnings for the first nine months of 2022. 
Buffers include the conservation buffer (2.5%), the countercyclical buffer (0%) and the buffer for other 
systemically important institutions (O-SII: 1.0%). Considering its capital ratios as of 30 September 2022, 
BCP exceeds the minimum capital ratio requirements for CET1, Tier 1 and total ratio. 
Principal Markets and Competition 
The Portuguese banking market has become well-developed, including both strong domestic and foreign 
competitors. These competitors follow a multi-product, multi-channel and multi-client segmented 
approach, offering a broad range of services from retail products to investment banking coupled with 
sophisticated payment capability. Foreign banks are present in the Portuguese market, in areas such as

--- Page 457 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE BUSINESS OF THE GROUP 
 
- 442 - 
 
 
corporate banking, asset management, private banking and brokerage services, as well as universal banking 
services, namely traditional retail banking. 
Domestic banking penetration levels rank favourably on a comparable basis and branch network and 
automated channels are widely disseminated across the country. There has been significant development of 
remote access to banking services (ATM, home banking, and mobile banking) together with market 
intelligence techniques enabling banks to accurately track customers' requirements and augment customer 
proximity. Cross-selling has benefited from the use of such techniques and has increased the proportion of 
banks' non-interest income over the years. 
The Portuguese banking sector will face the potential entry of new and disruptive players benefiting from 
the PSD2 environment. This is happening against a backdrop of progressive change towards a new digital 
age in which consumers' behaviour and expectations are evolving. Current trends point to an accelerated 
mobile/digital banking adoption and customers demanding personalisation. Also, security and trust have 
reinforced the importance of digitalisation given cyber-risk concerns and cases of misselling. Advances in 
the ability to deploy technologies (e.g., robotics, machine learning) and the expanded capabilities these 
enable are setting new ways of working, requiring new skills. 
The deregulation and liberalisation process experienced by the Portuguese banking sector, including 
Eurozone participation, catalysed an increase in business and competition, particularly in the credit market. 
Customer loans and advances increased significantly in advance of the implementation of the euro and 
during the early years of economic convergence and integration within the single currency project (Source: 
Banco de Portugal). 
At the same time, the Portuguese banking system experienced a consolidation, which was driven by the 
need to achieve economies of scale and operating synergies. More recently, against the background of the 
financial instability beginning in the summer of 2007 and the subsequent euro periphery crisis, deleveraging 
and strategic repositioning took place. Some foreigner players reappraised their presence and business 
models and networks developed in Portugal. More recently, major banks in the Portuguese banking system 
have rationalised their operating structures. 
The Portuguese banking market is concentrated with the biggest five banks representing more than 80% of 
the market share in terms of business volumes. The Bank is the largest private sector bank in Portugal in 
terms of business volumes (market share of 18% by gross loans + customer funds), generates 19% of the 
system core net income and is one of the most efficient banks in Portugal with only 12% of the system 
branch network (data as at 30 September 2021). 
The growing maturity of the domestic market and globalisation trends led domestic banks to further develop 
their operations abroad, namely in countries with which Portugal had strong economic and historical 
relations. Hence, currently, the biggest domestic banking groups manage operations in European and 
African countries, which bear an increasing strategic relevance for their businesses. 
The Portuguese Competition Authority ensures compliance with Portuguese competition rules, asserting 
regulatory powers over competition in all sectors of the economy, including regulated sectors in 
coordination with the relevant sector regulators. Banco de Portugal is responsible for the prudential and 
market conduct supervision, ensuring the stability of the financial system as well as compliance with rules 
of conduct and transparency for banks' customers. As the national supervisory authority, Banco de Portugal 
is part of the Single Supervisory Mechanism, the European banking supervision system, entrusted with the 
safety and robustness of European banks. National competition authorities and the EU have parallel 
competencies for enforcing European antitrust laws in close co-operation. 
In Portugal, the Bank competes primarily with the four other major Portuguese banking groups: Caixa Geral 
de Depósitos, Banco Santander Totta, CaixaBank/BPI and Novo Banco. BCP's extensive distribution 
network, which is the fourth largest, has enabled it to maintain a reference position among its competitors. 
According to system data from Banco de Portugal, as at 30 June 2022, BCP had a market share of 17.5% 
of loans to customers (gross) and 18.6% of deposits in its domestic market. 
As at the end of September 2022, 143 credit institutions were registered in Portugal, (Source: Banco de 
Portugal). Financial institutions with head offices in the European Economic Area providing cross-border 
services amounted to 1,059, as at the end of March 2021 (according to the last data available from Banco 
de Portugal). Common indicators do not indicate levels of concentration significantly divergent from those

--- Page 458 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE BUSINESS OF THE GROUP 
 
- 443 - 
 
 
of the Eurozone. For instance, as of 2019, the total asset share of the five largest credit institutions 
represented 73% for Portugal, which is above Germany's 31% but below Greece with 97%, Estonia with 
93%, Lithuania with 90%, the Netherlands 85%, Cyprus with 86%, Finland with 80%, Latvia 83%, Croatia 
with 80%, Belgium with 74%, Malta 75% and Slovakia with 76% (Source: ECB). 
The following table shows the development of the percentage of the Bank's market share in Portugal in 
terms of loans to customers as at 31 December 2020 (last available data), 2019 and 2018: 
 
As at 31 December 
As at 31 December 
 
2021 
2020 
2019 
Loans to Customers........................................... 
17.5% 
17.5% 
17.1% 
 _______________  
Source: BCP and Banco de Portugal. 
The following table shows the number and geographic location of the Bank's branches as at 31 December 
2021 and 31 December 2020 and 2019: 
 
2021 
2020 
2019 
Portugal ............................................................................. 
434 
478 
505 
Bank Millennium in Poland .............................................. 
655 
702 
830 
Millennium bim in Mozambique ...................................... 
199 
199 
200 
Banco Millennium Angola................................................ 
0 
0 
0 
Total in the International activity ................................. 
854 
902 
1031 
 
1288 
1380 
1536 
 
The following table illustrates the competitive environment in Portugal for the two years ended 31 
December 2020 and 2019: 
 
As at 31 December 
 
2020 
2019 
Number of banks(1) .................................................................................................  
29 
29 
Number of branches ...............................................................................................  
3,723 
4,029 
Population ..............................................................................................................  
10,298 
10,296 
Inhabitants per branch ............................................................................................  
2,766 
2,555 
Branches per bank ..................................................................................................  
128 
139 
 _______________  
(1) 
Banks associated with the Portuguese Banking Association. 
Source: Portuguese Banking Association and Portugal's National Statistics Institute. 
The Bank is also subject to strong competition in the international markets in which it operates. 
The banking sector in Poland is characterised by a relatively low concentration sustaining strong 
competitive pressure. However, significant opportunities have led to increased competition in recent years, 
driven by privatisation and consolidation initiatives. In addition, in Poland, European Union integration has 
created strong incentives for the cross-border provision of financial services and for cross-border mergers, 
which have resulted in significantly increased competition from foreign banks. As at September 2022, Bank 
Millennium's market share in Poland, according to the Bank's estimates derived from data published by the 
National Bank of Poland, was 6.0% of loans to customers (gross) and 5.8% of deposits. 
In Mozambique, Millennium bim is a market leader with a market share of 15.1% of loans to customers 
and 24.1% of deposits in 30 September 2022, according to the Bank of Mozambique.  Currently, 20 banks 
operate in Mozambique and management expects increasing competition from foreign banks, particularly 
those based in South Africa and Portugal (Source: Mozambican Banking Association). 
Banco Millennium Angola merged with Banco Privado Atlântico, resulting in the second-largest private 
sector bank in terms of loans to the economy, with a market share of approximately 10% by business 
volume: market share above 10% in terms of loans and above 12% in terms of deposits (Source: Bank of 
Angola).

--- Page 459 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE BUSINESS OF THE GROUP 
 
- 444 - 
 
 
Trends Information 
Framework 
The Portuguese economy is expected to grow in 2022, benefiting from the strong growth observed in the 
first quarter, as well as from the dynamism of tourism and the resilience of investment. In this context, the 
unemployment rate is projected to remain relatively stable throughout the year and the public finances 
figures are expected to evolve favourably. 
However, these expectations are subjected to important risks that, if materialized, may lead to slower GDP 
growth, namely in 2023. The main factors of uncertainty arise from the evolution of the conflict between 
Russia and Ukraine and the consequent impact on commodities prices and on the confidence of the 
economic agents. 
The Polish economy faces relevant challenges stemming from the conflict between Russia and Ukraine, 
that could translate into a significant slowdown of economic activity in the coming quarters, namely due to 
a lower dynamism of exports and the adverse effects to domestic demand and investment, caused by tighter 
financial conditions, soared inflation, and heightened uncertainty. 
Impact on the Group's activity 
Given the recent upward trend in interest rates, the Group's net interest income is projected to grow 
significantly in 2022. In Portugal, net interest income growth will continue to benefit from the expected 
continuation of the increase in interest rates by the ECB and by the growth in volumes, with special 
emphasis on the new production of loans to companies. 
In the international activity, with a special focus on the Polish operation, the rise in the interest rates, which 
took place at the end of 2021, continued in 2022, together with the growth of new mortgage credit 
production, which should be the main guideline for the growth of the net interest income of the Bank 
Millennium, in 2022. 
Commissioning levels, particularly in Portugal, have benefited from the increase in transactions in the 
economy following the COVID-19, with a particular impact on bank commissions, which should also 
benefit from the increase in the volumes of credit granted in Portugal. As regards fees and commissions 
related to markets, the Bank has also focused on the development and improvement of digital solutions 
complement the offer of services related to the financial markets. An increase in commissions in the Group 
is expected for 2022, both in the activity in Portugal and in the international activity. 
The optimisation of efficiency levels and the consolidation of the Bank's position as one of the most 
efficient in the Euro Zone are priorities that will continue to shape the Bank's activity in the future. In the 
same context, the digitalization process that has been implemented, both in terms of the Group's operations 
and the services provided to Customers, will continue to be a priority in the Group's strategy. 
The cost of risk should remain under control in Portugal and Poland, in the latter case benefiting from the 
credit moratoriums recently approved by the Polish parliament. In Portugal, the ECB raised rates since July 
by 200 bp. and this trend should continue, however projected levels do not represent a concern, given that 
rates remain at historically low levels, the high GDP growth expected for 2022 and the low level of 
unemployment in Portugal. High levels of inflation contribute. however, to reduce household disposable 
income. 
Significantly reducing exposure to problem loans has been one of the Group's main priorities. However, 
there should be a gradual moderation in the pace of implementation of this reduction, given that a slowdown 
in GDP is expected in the coming years, both in Portugal and in Poland. 
The Group's commercial activity volumes are expected to continue to post a stable grow in 2022, although 
lower than nominal GDP growth.

--- Page 460 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE BUSINESS OF THE GROUP 
 
- 445 - 
 
 
Summary of the developments between 2011 and the first nine months of 2022 of some relevant 
indicators of the Bank33 
The Bank has successfully executed an operational turnaround, reinforcing its financial and capital position 
despite adverse market conditions in the Portuguese banking sector. This position is reflected by 
achievements such as the reduction of the commercial gap from EUR 13.2 billion at 31 December 2012 to 
EUR -16.8 billion at 30 September 2022, following a significant deleveraging (net loans decreased by 9% 
and deposits increased by 49%), a recovery of net interest income in Portugal from EUR 343 million to 
EUR 789 million in 2019, EUR 805 million in 2020 and EUR 831 million in 2021 (EUR 671 million in the 
first nine months of 2022), a reduction of operating costs from EUR 853 million in 2013 to EUR 674 million 
in 2019, EUR 650 million in 2020 and EUR 693 million in 2021 (EUR 438 million in the first nine months 
of 2022) and a reduction of cost of risk from 157 basis points in 2013 to 69 basis points at the end of 
December 2021 (57 basis points in the first nine months of 2022). Pre-provision profit34 increased from 
EUR 474 million in 2013 to EUR 1,169 million in 2019, EUR 1,166 million in 2020 and EUR 1,219 million 
in 2021(EUR 1.271 million in the first nine months of 2022). As a percentage of assets, pre-provision profit 
increased from 0.6% in 2013 to 1.4% in 2019 and 2020, and 1.3% in 2021(1.7% in the first nine months of 
2022, annualized). As a result of the significant deleveraging, reliance on ECB funding has decreased from 
EUR 10 billion in 2013 to EUR 1.3 billion as at 30 September 2022. 
The balance sheet breakdown as at 30 September 2022 is, on the assets side: gross loans and advances to 
customers (including debt securities and commercial paper) in the amount of EUR 58.6 billion (EUR 56.5 
billion recorded in "Financial assets at amortised cost – Loans to customers"; EUR 2.1 billion recorded in 
"Debt securities held associated with credit operations" and EUR 0.037 billion (gross amount without 
considering fair value adjustments) recorded in "Financial assets not held for trading mandatorily at fair 
value through profit or loss – Loans and advances to customers at fair value"), securities portfolio (including 
financial assets at fair value through profit or loss and financial assets at fair value through other 
comprehensive income and debt securities held not associated with credit operations) in the amount of EUR 
19.7 billion and other assets net in the amount of EUR 3.3 billion; and on the liabilities side: deposits in the 
amount of EUR 73.0 billion at the amortised cost), money market net (the difference between resources 
from credit institutions and cash and deposits at central banks, loans to credit institutions and loan 
agreements) in the amount of EUR -2.6 billion, debt issued by the Bank in the amount of EUR 4.0 billion 
and shareholders' equity in the amount of EUR 5.9 billion. The balance sheet breakdown as at 31 December 
2011, is on the assets side: loans and advances to customers in the amount of EUR 68.0 billion, securities 
in the amount of EUR 12.1 billion and other assets net in the amount of EUR 3.2 billion; and on the 
liabilities side: deposits in the amount of EUR 47.5 billion, money market net in the amount of EUR 12.9 
billion, debt issued by the Bank in the amount of EUR 18.5 billion and shareholders' equity in the amount 
of EUR 4.4 billion. 
The breakdown by instrument of the outstanding amounts of the debt issued by the Bank as at 30 September 
2022 (EUR 4.0 billion) is as follows (which are recorded in the captions "Financial liabilities at amortised 
cost – non subordinated debt securities issued", "Financial liabilities at amortised cost – subordinated debt" 
and "Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss"): MTN (EUR 1.4 billion), bonds and 
certificates (EUR 0.8 billion), covered bonds (EUR 0.0 billion), securitisations (EUR 0.1 billion), 
subordinated debt (EUR 1.3 billion) and loan agreements (EUR 0.3 billion). As at 31 December 2011, the 
breakdown by instrument of the outstanding amounts of the debt issued by the Bank (EUR 18.5 billion) 
was as follows: MTN (EUR 7.6 billion), bonds and certificates (EUR 4.1 billion), covered bonds (EUR 3.3 
 
33 
In this section, the terms listed below shall have the following meaning: 
"Net loans" means loans to Customers at amortised cost net of impairment, debt instruments at amortised cost associated to 
credit operations net of impairment and balance sheet amount of loans to Customers at fair value through profit or loss; 
"Commercial gap" means loans to Customers (gross) minus on-balance sheet customer funds; 
"Net Interest Margin" means net interest income for the period as a percentage of average interest earning assets; 
"Cost of time deposits" means spread on term deposits book minus 3m Euribor; 
"Total funding costs" means interest expenses divided by interest bearing liabilities; and 
"Performing loans" means loans to Customers (gross) minus the stock of non-performing exposures. 
34 
"Pre-provision profit" means net interest income, dividends from equity instruments, net commissions, net trading income, 
other net operating income and equity accounted earnings minus operating costs.

--- Page 461 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE BUSINESS OF THE GROUP 
 
- 446 - 
 
 
billion), securitisations (EUR 1.2 billion), subordinated debt (EUR 1.1 billion) and loan agreements (EUR 
1.2 billion). 
The amount of the debt outstanding repaid from 2011-2017 was on average EUR 2.3 billion per year, from 
2018-2021 was on average EUR 2.1 billion and the first nine months of 2022 EUR 1.3 billion. The amount 
of debt to be repaid in the years after 2022 amounts to EUR 4.0 billion. Future debt repayments (medium-
long term) are significantly lower than in the past. 
The securities portfolio totalled EUR 12.1 billion as at December 2011 of which EUR 7.3 billion is 
sovereign debt (Portuguese Government Bonds totalled EUR 4.7 billion of which EUR 3.0 billion are 
Bonds and EUR 1.7 billion are T-Bills, Polish Government Bonds totalled EUR 0.8 billion; Mozambican 
long-term Government Bonds totalled EUR 0.3 billion and other totalled EUR 1.5 billion) and EUR 4.8 
billion other instruments. The securities portfolio totalled EUR 22.4 billion as at 30 September 2022 of 
which EUR 16.4 billion is sovereign debt (Portuguese Government Bonds totalled EUR 6.9 billion of which 
EUR 6.4 billion are bonds and EUR 0.5 billion are T-Bills, Polish Government Bonds totalled EUR 3.2 
billion; Mozambican Government Bonds totalled EUR 0.5 billion and other totalled EUR 5.9 billion) and 
EUR 3.3 billion other instruments. 
Evolution of some relevant indicators of the Bank between 2011 and 2021 
Consolidated 
2011 
2012 
2013 
2014 
2015 
2016 
2017 
2018 
2019 
2020 
2021 
Contribution to 
consolidated results 
of international 
operations (€ mn) ..... 
- 
- 
159 
178 
170 
173 
175 
187 
144 
49 
-35 
Net loans (€ bn) ........... 
68.0 
62.6 
56.8 
53.7 
52 
48 
47.6 
48.1 
52.3 
54.1 
56.4 
Deposits (€ bn) ............ 
47.5 
49.4 
49.0 
49.8 
51.5 
48.8 
51.2 
55.2 
60.9 
63.3 
69.6 
Commercial gap (€ 
bn) ............................ 
20.5 
13.2 
7.8 
3.9 
0.4 
-0.8 
-3.6 
-7.1 
-8.6 
-9.2 
-13.2 
ECB funding (total 
collateral) (€ bn) ..... 
15.7 
22.3 
19.9 
14.2 
13.9 
12.1 
12.8 
16.9 
17.1 
22.5 
25.5 
ECB funding (€ bn) ..... 
12.4 
10.5 
10.0 
6.6 
5.3 
4.4 
3.0 
2.7 
0.3 
3.3 
1.7 
 
Individual (Portugal) 
2013 
2014 
2015 
2016 
2017 
2018 
2019 
2020 
2021 
Net Interest Income (€ mn) ..............  
343 
527 
711 
736 
808 
803 
789 
805 
831 
Net Interest Margin (%) ...................  
0.6% 
1.0% 
1.5% 
1.6% 
1.8% 
1.8% 
1.7% 
1.6% 
1.4% 
Cost of time deposits (bps) ..............  
-239 
-173 
-123 
-83 
-69 
-56 
-56 
-52 
-57 
Total funding costs (%) ....................  
2.41% 
1.92% 
1.21% 
0.78% 
0.44% 
0.33% 
0.26% 
0.13% 
0.01% 
Operating costs (€ mn)(*) ..................  
853 
690 
644 
624 
588 
641 
674 
650 
693 
Number of branches(**) .....................  
774 
695 
671 
618 
578 
546 
505 
478 
434 
Number of employees(***) ...............  
8,584 
7,795 
7,459 
7,333 
7,189 
7,095 
7,204 
7,013 
6,289 
Impairment charges (€ mn) ..............  
743 
1,021 
730 
1,045 
533 
389 
279 
354 
273 
Cost of risk (bps) ..............................  
157 
233 
175 
266 
140 
105 
76 
92 
69 
Performing loans (€ bn) ...................  
34.5 
32.9 
31.8 
30.8 
31.2 
32.4 
33.5 
36.1 
38.0 
Customer deposits (Term deposits) 
(€ bn).............................................  
24.9 
24.3 
21.9 
19.9 
18.9 
18.2 
16.7 
16.1 
15.9 
Customer deposits (On-demand 
deposits) (€ bn) .............................  
9.0 
10.1 
12.9 
14.1 
16.4 
19.5 
22.7 
27.2 
31.8 
(*) FY 2011: 1,039 ............................  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(**) 885 in 2011 .................................  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(***) 9,959 in 2011 .............................

--- Page 462 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE BUSINESS OF THE GROUP 
 
- 447 - 
 
 
Organisational Structure 
The Bank and the Group 
The following diagram summarises the organisational structure of the principal subsidiaries of the Group 
as at 30 September 2022: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
In addition, the Bank's subsidiary, Millennium bcp – Prestação de Serviços ACE represents its associates 
regarding third parties, namely in the areas of IT, operational, administrative and procurement.  The Bank 
is, directly or indirectly, the ultimate holding company of all the companies in the Group and is not 
dependent upon other entities within the Group.  Being the ultimate holding company of the Group, the 
activities developed by the other members of the Group have an impact on the Bank. 
Ownership and Control 
The Bank is not aware of any shareholder or group of connected shareholders who directly or indirectly 
controls the Bank. 
Significant Subsidiaries 
The following is a list of the main subsidiaries of the Bank as of 30 September 2022: 
Subsidiary companies 
Head Office 
Activity 
% held by the Group 
% held by the Bank 
Banco ActivoBank, S.A. ............ 
Lisbon 
Banking 
100 
100 
Banco Millennium Atlântico, 
S.A. ......................................... 
Luanda 
Banking 
22.5 
– 
Bank Millennium, S.A. .............. 
Warsaw 
Banking 
50.1 
50.1 
Banco Internacional de 
Moçambique, S.A. .................. 
Maputo 
Banking 
66.7 
– 
Interfundos - Gestão de Fundos 
de Investimento Imobiliários, 
S.A. ......................................... 
Oeiras 
Investment 
fund 
management 
100 
100 
Millennium bcp – Prestação de 
Serviços, A. C. E. ................... 
Lisbon 
Services 
98.6 
93.0 
Banco Comercial Português, 
S.A. 
Domestic Operations
Interfundos Gestão
de Fundos de 
Investimento
Imobiliário, S.A. 
(100 %) 
Bank Millennium 
(Poland)
(50.1%)
Banco ActivoBank
(Internet/Mobile 
Bank)
(100%)
Banco Internacional
de Moçambique
(Mozambique) 
(66.7%)
Millennium bcp
Ageas Grupo 
Segurador, S.G.P.S.
S.A. * 
(Bancassurance) 
(49.0%) 
Banco Millennium 
Atlântico (Angola) * 
(22.5%)
Foreign Operations
* Consolidated by the equity method.

--- Page 463 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE BUSINESS OF THE GROUP 
 
- 448 - 
 
 
Subsidiary companies 
Head Office 
Activity 
% held by the Group 
% held by the Bank 
Millenniumbcp Ageas Grupo 
Segurador, S.G.P.S., S.A. ....... 
Oeiras 
Holding company 
49 
49 
 
General information 
So far as the Bank is aware, there are no arrangements in place, the operation of which may result in a 
change of control of the Bank. 
The Bank has made no material investments since the date of the last published financial statements and 
the Bank has not made relevant firm commitments on future investments. 
There have been no recent events particular to the Bank, which are to a material extent relevant to the 
evaluation of the Bank's solvency. 
Share Capital 
The authorised, issued and fully paid up share capital of the Bank is EUR 3,000,000,000.00 divided into 
15,113,989,952 shares with no nominal value. The shares are ordinary, issued in a dematerialised book-
entry form (escriturais) and nominativas, and are integrated in a centralised system recognised under the 
Portuguese Securities Code (Central de Valores Mobiliários) managed by Interbolsa – Sociedade Gestora 
de Sistemas de Liquidação e de Sistemas Centralizados de Valores Mobiliários, S.A., with its registered 
office at Avenida da Boavista, 3433, 4100 -138 Oporto. 
Legislation regulating the activity of the Bank 
The Bank is governed by European Union rules, banking and commercial Portuguese laws on limited 
liability companies (sociedades anónimas) – notably by the Portuguese Companies Code (Código das 
Sociedades Comerciais) – and, in particular, by the Banking Law, by the Portuguese Securities Code 
(Código dos Valores Mobiliários) and other complementary legislation. Further, subsidiaries located in EU 
countries and third countries are subject to local laws and regulations. 
In general terms, the Bank's activities are subject to the supervision of the following supervisory entities: 
(i) as a credit institution, the European Central Bank ("ECB") under the Single Supervisory Mechanism 
("SSM"), that supervises the Bank on a consolidated basis (at solo basis for the group's entities located in 
the euro area) and of Banco de Portugal, (ii) as an issuer and a financial intermediary, the Comissão do 
Mercado de Valores Mobiliários, the Portuguese securities market authority ("CMVM"); and (iii) when 
acting as insurance intermediary, the Autoridade de Supervisão de Seguros e Fundos de Pensões, the 
Portuguese insurance and pension funds supervisory authority ("ASF"). In Poland the Polish Financial 
Supervision Authority (UKNF) ensures the orderly functioning and safe development of the financial 
market and in Mozambique the supervisor is the Banco de Moçambique. 
Recent developments on the banking regulation 
Regulatory requirements 
Capital requirements: 
On 12 September 2010, the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision announced a new capital agreement 
on banking supervision known as Basel III, which revised most of the capital and liquidity minimum 
requirements applicable to banks and other financial institutions. The Basel III framework set out enhanced 
standards to strengthen financial institutions' capital base, improve risk management and governance, and 
increase transparency for market participants. It built on the Basel II three-pillar architecture, according to 
which: (i) Pillar 1 (minimum prudential requirements) sets the binding minimum level of capital banks and 
investment firms need to face major risks; (ii) Pillar 2 (supervisory review) allows supervisors to evaluate 
institution-specific risks and impose additional capital charges to face them; and (iii) Pillar 3 (market 
discipline) aims to increase transparency in banks' financial reporting allowing marketplace participants to 
better reward well-managed banks. 
The revised regulatory framework of Basel III was implemented in the EU through the adoption of 
Regulation 575/2013/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 2013, as amended, on 
prudential requirements ("CRR") and Directive 2013/36/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council

--- Page 464 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE BUSINESS OF THE GROUP 
 
- 449 - 
 
 
of 26 June 2013, as amended, on access to the activity of credit institutions on prudential requirements 
("CRD"). The CRR and the CRD establish the prudential regulatory framework for credit institutions and 
investment firms. The directive governs the access to banking activity, and the CRR establishes how to 
calculate the amount of capital that banks and investment firms must set aside, and it also lays down 
requirements on reporting and liquidity. 
The CRR is directly applicable to Member States since January 2014 and includes the following provisions 
in addition to the minimum capital requirement for CET1 capital of 4.5% of risk weighted assets ("RWA"), 
of 6% for Tier 1 capital ratio and the total capital ratio of 8.0%: 
(i) 
an additional capital conservation ratio requirement of 2.5% over common equity; 
(ii) 
a countercyclical capital buffer, which will be between 0.0% and 2.5% of RWA with the ability to 
absorb losses as a function of the credit cycle subject to its application by national supervisory 
authorities; 
(iii) 
a systemic risk buffer and a buffer for other systemically important institution; and 
(iv) 
the leverage ratio of 3.0%. 
Following from the regular supervisory review performed by the competent supervisory authorities, 
additional requirements may be established (Pillar 2 requirements - including Pillar 2 requirement for the 
risk of excessive leverage (P2R-LR) - and Pillar 2 guidance, including Pillar 2 guidance for the risk of 
excessive leverage (P2G-LR)). 
As of June 2021, CRD V/CRR II introduced additional own funds requirements for the leverage ratio for 
which competent authorities are obliged to assess the risk of excessive leverage and potentially impose a 
P2R-LR on top of the P1R-LR if risk of excessive leverage is not covered or not sufficiently covered by 
P1R-LR. Similar to the P2G, the P2G-LR is based on the outcomes of the adverse scenario of the relevant 
supervisory stress tests. 
Furthermore, CRD empowers the European Banking Authority ("EBA") to draw up regulatory technical 
standards that specify some of the aspects covered by CRD and CRR. Upon their adoption by the European 
Commission, these norms are directly applicable under Portuguese law. Guidelines issued by the EBA are 
subject to their adoption by national competent authorities. 
The supervision of internal models implemented by banks and other financial institutions is based on 
current applicable EU and national law, including CRR, the relevant regulatory technical standards of the 
EBA and EBA guidelines with which the ECB has announced its intention to comply. The internal risk 
models that the Bank has implemented are supervised and monitored continuously by the supervisory 
authorities, with whom the Bank maintains a regular dialogue on the matter. 
On 23 November 2014, Decree-Law No. 157/2014, of 24 October 2014 ("Decree-Law No. 157/2014"), 
entered into force, amending the Legal Framework of Credit Institutions and Financial Companies, and 
implementing the then applicable versions of CRD and CRR at domestic level. 
Since entering into force, CRR and CRD have been amended several times addressing identified issues in 
the prudential regulatory framework and implementing some outstanding elements of the global financial 
services reform that are essential to ensuring the resilience of institutions or adjusting to extraordinary 
circumstances. Examples of such adjustments are the introduction of transitional arrangements for 
mitigating the impact of the introduction of IFRS 9 on own funds and for the large exposures treatment of 
certain public sector exposures denominated in the domestic currency of any Member State, the requirement 
for minimum loss coverage for non-performing exposures ("prudential backstop") and the adjustments to 
mitigate impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic ("quick fix"). 
On 7 December 2017, the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision reached an agreement on the remaining 
Basel III reforms ("Basel IV"). Basel IV aims at reducing excessive variability of RWA. The agreed 
reforms address the following topics: 
(i) 
Improvement of the standardised approaches for credit risk;

--- Page 465 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE BUSINESS OF THE GROUP 
 
- 450 - 
 
 
(ii) 
Constraints to the use of internal models: banks may, for example, for their exposures to large and 
mid-sized corporates no longer use own estimates for two parameters (the loss-given-default and 
exposure at default) but rather use fixed values instead. Moreover, after the reform, internal ratings-
based approaches will no longer be allowed for exposures to equities; 
(iii) 
Improvement of the operational risk framework: current approaches are replaced with a single risk-
sensitive standardised approach to be used by all banks; internal models will no longer be allowed 
to address losses that stem from misconduct, inadequate systems and controls, etc.; 
(iv) 
Introduction of a different output floor set at 72.5% introducing a limit to the regulatory capital 
benefits that a bank using internal models can derive compared to the standardised approaches; and 
(v) 
Revised procedure for calculating credit valuation adjustments (CVAs) in derivatives. 
The banking package approved by the Council in May 2019 implemented further material elements of the 
Basel III framework (Basel IV) by the way of amendments to the CRR ("CRR II"), CRD ("CRD V"), the 
BRRD ("BRRD II") and the SSM Regulation ("SRMR II"). On 8 November 2022, the European Council 
agreed its position on the implementation of Basel III reform. 
This legislative package includes revised rules on calculating capital requirements for market risk (the 
"Fundamental review of the trading book"), introduction of a binding leverage ratio and a binding net 
stability funding ratio ("NSFR") and streamlining Pillar 2 capital requirements. This legislative package 
also adjusts the minimum requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities ("MREL"). The above 
regulations and directives entered into force on 27 June 2019. Member States shall adopt and publish the 
measures necessary to comply with the directives. 
Regulation (EU) 2020/873 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 24 June 2020, which contains 
amendments to the CRR in response to the COVID-19 pandemic, brought forward the application dates for 
certain reforms introduced by the CRR, such as the exemption of certain software assets from capital 
deductions, specific treatment envisaged for certain loans backed by pensions or salaries, as well as small 
and medium-sized enterprises and infrastructure supporting factors. 
The Bank also operates under Decree-Law No. 298/92, of 31 December 1992 (as amended) (the "Banking 
Law"), applicable to credit institutions in Portugal. Changes to the Banking Law (Draft Law no. 21/XV/1.ª 
(GOV)), that transposes CRD V and BRRD II, have been approved by the Portuguese Parliament. Both 
these directives were laid out in the revised version of the draft Banking Activity Code, which is under 
analysis by the Ministry of Finance. 
Also following the COVID-19 pandemic, the Basel Committee's oversight body, the Group of Central Bank 
Governors and Heads of Supervision, has endorsed a set of measures to provide additional operational 
capacity for banks and supervisors to respond to the immediate financial stability priorities resulting from 
the impact of the coronavirus. 
These measures comprise the following changes to the implementation timeline of the outstanding Basel 
III standards: 
 
The implementation date of Basel IV has been deferred by one year to 1 January 2023. The 
accompanying transitional arrangements for the output floor have also been extended by one year 
to 1 January 2028. 
 
The implementation date of the revised market risk framework finalised in January 2019 has been 
deferred by one year to 1 January 2023. 
 
The implementation date of the revised Pillar 3 disclosure requirements finalised in December 
2018 has been deferred by one year to 1 January 2023. 
On 27 October 2021, the European Commission published a proposal aiming to finalize the EU's 
implementation of the Basel III framework in the EU consisting of a legislative proposal to amend the CRD, 
the CRR, which is scheduled to apply from 1 January 2025. Amendments to the existing framework 
comprise, among others, fit and proper requirements, the application of output floors on RWAs for IRB 
banks, possibility to revert from IRB to standardised, higher risk weights for equity exposures, changes on

--- Page 466 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE BUSINESS OF THE GROUP 
 
- 451 - 
 
 
the market risk and operational risk and requirements to identify and manage environmental, social and 
governance risks. 
On 8 November 2022, the Council of the EU set its position on the proposals, specifying that banks have 
the discretion to apply the output floor at the highest level of consolidation and that fit and proper 
framework should further consider national specificities and practices, while agreeing with the two-year 
delay to 2025. 
As at 31 December 2021 the Bank's fully implemented CET1 ratio was 11.7%. Starting from the "Total 
Equity attributable to the Bank's shareholders" (EUR 6,119 million), deducting EUR 397 million of non-
eligible minority interests, deducting EUR 321 million of DTAs, deducting EUR 224 million of intangible 
assets and deducting EUR 260 million of other items, the CET1 stood at EUR 5,375 million on 31 
December 2021. 
The capital ratio has increased from 6.4% at the end of December 2009 to 9.3% at the end of December 
2011 (both figures refer to the CT1 ratio calculated according to the definition of Banco de Portugal) and 
to 11.1% at the end of December 2016, 11.9% at the end of December 2017, 12.0% at the end of December 
2018, 12.2% at the end of December 2019, 12.2% at the end of December 2020 and 11.7% at the end of 
December 2021 (these three figures refer to CET1 fully implemented ratio, calculated according to CRD 
IV and CRR). 
Capital buffers: The criteria for maintenance by credit institutions and certain investment companies of 
additional own funds' buffers include: 
(a) 
a capital conservation buffer; 
(b) 
the institution's specific countercyclical capital buffer; 
(c) 
the systemic risk buffer, also referred to as SII buffer; and 
(d) 
an O-SII buffer (for other systemically important institutions at a national level). 
The combined buffer requirement with which each institution is required to comply corresponds to the sum 
of the capital conservation buffer, the institution-specific countercyclical capital buffer, and the higher of 
the O-SII buffer and the systemic risk buffer (except where the latter only applies to risk exposures in the 
Member State which activated the measure, in which case it is additive). 
These measures have the objective of safeguarding financial stability, by strengthening the resilience of the 
financial sector and preventing systemic risk. The set of instruments and intermediate objectives will be 
revised and adjusted by the competent authorities where necessary to better safeguard financial stability. In 
addition, other macroprudential policy instruments may be activated if deemed necessary. Failure to comply 
with these buffers implies restrictions on distributions relating to CET1 own funds as well as an obligation 
to submit to the competent authorities a capital conservation plan within 5 business days of the breach. 
Capital conservation buffer: The capital conservation buffer requirement aims to accommodate losses from 
a potential adverse scenario. The Bank has a requirement (at an individual and consolidated level) to 
maintain a minimum CET1 capital buffer of 2.5%, as provided in Article 138-D of the Banking Law. 
Countercyclical buffer: The countercyclical capital buffer is one of the main macroprudential instruments 
introduced by the new regulatory framework, aiming to improve the banking system's resilience to periods 
of excessive credit growth. The establishment of variable capital requirements over the cycle is expected to 
contribute to mitigating the pro-cyclicality of banks' credit policies. The following apply to this buffer: 
(i) 
the rate will be set between 0% and 2.5% of the total risk exposure amount; 
(ii) 
the rate is calibrated in steps of 0.25 percentage points or multiples of 0.25 percentage points; and 
(iii) 
in exceptional cases, the rate may be set at a level above 2.5%. 
The buffer rate for each institution, known as the "institution-specific countercyclical buffer rate", is a 
weighted average of the countercyclical buffer rates that apply in the countries where the credit exposures 
of that institution are located. This requirement is met with CET1 capital. Under the SSM, the ECB can

--- Page 467 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE BUSINESS OF THE GROUP 
 
- 452 - 
 
 
propose higher minimum capital requirements than the ones defined by the national authorities. This capital 
buffer will apply to all credit risk exposures, with credit exposures to the domestic private non-financial 
sector, of credit institutions and investment firms subject to the supervision of Banco de Portugal or the 
ECB (SSM), as applicable. 
The countercyclical buffer rate for credit exposures to the domestic counterparties (Portugal) will remain 
at zero per cent. of the total risk exposure amount in effect since 1 October 2022. This decision is reviewed 
on a quarterly basis by Banco de Portugal. Systemic risk buffer: In order to calculate the systemic risk 
buffer, Banco de Portugal categorises institutions as global systemically important institution ("G-SII") or 
other systemically important institution ("O-SII"). Banco de Portugal can also impose a systemic risk buffer 
of CET1 capital on an individual, sub-consolidated or consolidated basis of at least 1% of the risk exposure 
to which such buffer is applicable, to prevent or reduce the long-term non-cyclic systemic or 
macroprudential risks that present a risk of disruption in the financial system and the Portuguese economy. 
A G-SII could face additional requirements. Although it is currently not anticipated that Portuguese banks 
may be classified as G-SIIs, there is no assurance that this will not change in the future. The Bank is 
currently classified as an O-SII, and as such it is subject to concurrent additional capital requirements. The 
O-SII buffer rates range from 0.25% to 1% of the total risk exposure (maximum level of 2%) and consists 
of CET1 capital on a consolidated basis. The cap on the O-SII buffer rate of 2% has been lifted with CRD 
V to 3%, subject to the approval of the European Commission. These buffers are revised each year or in 
the event of a significant restructuring process, particularly, a merger or acquisition. 
A targeted consultation by the European Commission on improving the current macroprudential framework 
was launched in November 2021 in line with the better regulation principles and in view of the forthcoming 
legislative review mandated by Article 513 of the CRR. The findings from this targeted consultation will 
provide guidance to the European Commission when preparing a formal proposal on changes to the 
macroprudential framework. Such changes may have an impact on some of the above-mentioned buffer 
requirements. 
Following the pandemic outbreak, on 8 May 2020, Banco de Portugal decided to postpone the phase-in 
period by one year of the capital buffer for O-SII, changing the end of the phase-in period of BCP from 1 
January 2022 to 1 January 2023 (0.75% in 2022 and 1.00% in 2023). 
On 10 February 2022, the ECB announced the end of the last temporary relief measures available to banks, 
hence confirming the return to normality under the initially envisaged timeline. The ECB sees no need to 
allow banks to operate below the level of capital defined by their Pillar 2 Guidance beyond December 2022, 
nor to extend beyond March 2022 the supervisory measure that allows them to exclude central bank 
exposures from their leverage ratios. 
Evolution of the Solvency Ratio in 2021 
The estimated CET1 ratio as at 31 December 2021 stood at 11.7%, compared to the 12.2%, reported in the 
same period of 2020, both phased-in and fully implemented and above the minimum ratios defined on the 
scope of SREP for the year 2021 (CET1 8.828%, T1 10.750% and Total 13.313%). 
The evolution of capital ratios in the period was significantly impacted by the increase in provisioning for 
legal risks associated with foreign currency loans of Bank Millennium in Poland, as well as by changes in 
the recognition of non-controlling interests in own funds, partially offset by the good performance of the 
activity in Portugal. Therefore, the CET1 ratio decreased from the figure presented in the same period of 
2020, standing below the bank's medium-term goals, without jeopardizing the prospect of convergence 
towards such goals. 
Solvability Ratios 
31 Dec. 21 
31 Dec. 20 
31 Dec. 21 
31 Dec. 20 
 
Phased-In 
Fully Implemented 
 
(EUR million) 
Own Funds 
 
 
 
 
Common Equity Tier 1 (CET1) ............................. 
5,373 
5,657 
5,375 
5,651 
Tier 1 ...................................................................... 
5,882 
6,194 
5,884 
6,187 
Total Capital ......................................................... 
7,213 
7,212 
7,247 
7,213 
Risk Weighted Assets ........................................... 
45,933 
46,413 
45,863 
46,322 
Capital Ratios (*) 
 
 
 
 
CET1 ...................................................................... 
11.7% 
12.2% 
11.7% 
12.2%

--- Page 468 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE BUSINESS OF THE GROUP 
 
- 453 - 
 
 
Tier 1 ...................................................................... 
12.8% 
13.3% 
12.8% 
13.4% 
Total ....................................................................... 
15.7% 
15.5% 
15.8% 
15.6% 
 ________________________  
(*) Includes the cumulative net income recorded in each period. 
Leverage ratio 
The leverage ratio is a (non-risk-sensitive) measure of a bank's ability to meet its long-term financial 
obligations, calculated by dividing the Bank's Tier 1 capital by its average total consolidated assets and 
expressed as a percentage. 
CRD imposes a binding leverage ratio minimum requirement of 3%. Under the CRD rules, additional 
leverage ratio requirements can be imposed to address the institution-specific risk of excessive leverage. 
G-SII will be required to hold an additional leverage ratio buffer in the future, amounting to 50% of the 
risk-based G-SII capital buffer. It is not anticipated that Portuguese banks may be classified as G-SIIs. 
The Bank's leverage ratio was 5.5% fully implemented, as at 30 September 2022. 
Liquidity requirements 
Basel III and CRD and CRR, provide for the setting of short- and long-term liquidity ratios and funding 
ratios, namely the liquidity coverage ratio ("LCR") and the NSFR. The NSFR, currently a mere reporting 
obligation will become binding following CRD V. 
The Bank's LCR calculated in accordance with the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/61, of 10 
October 2014, as amended, and the NSFR, estimated in accordance with Basel III methodology that 
supported the ECB's Short-Term Exercise report, were 264% and 153%, respectively, as at 30 
September2022, higher than the reference value of 100% (fully implemented). 
The LCR requires that banks have sufficient high-quality liquid assets ("HQLA") in their liquidity buffer 
to cover the difference between the expected cash outflows and the expected capped cash inflows over a 
30-day stressed period. The value of the ratio is to be no lower than 100% (the stock of HQLAs should at 
least equal total net cash outflows). In relation to the LCR, the EBA: 
(i) 
defined assets as "extremely high" and of "high" quality; 
(ii) 
put in place operational requirements for the holdings of liquid assets; 
(iii) 
recommended that all types of bonds issued or guaranteed by Member States' central governments 
and central banks in local currency as well as those issued or guaranteed by supranational 
institutions should be considered transferrable extremely high-quality assets; 
(iv) 
stated that the credit quality standards and eligibility of covered bonds, bonds, RMBS and bonds 
issued by local government entities should be considered highly liquid and credit quality assets; 
and 
(v) 
recommended that common equity shares should be considered high quality liquid assets. 
The NSFR, is defined as the amount of available stable funding relative to the amount of required stable 
funding. This ratio should be equal to at least 100% on an on-going basis. "Available stable funding" is 
defined as the portion of capital and liabilities expected to be reliable over the time horizon considered by 
the NSFR, which extends to one year. The ratio aims at ensuring that the funding of illiquid assets is made 
through stable sources, both in normal as well as adverse conditions. 
Sustainable Finance 
The European Union is strongly supporting the transition to a low-carbon, more resource-efficient and 
sustainable economy and it has been at the forefront of efforts to build a financial system that supports 
sustainable growth. On 11 December 2019, the Commission presented the European Green Deal, a growth 
strategy aiming to make Europe the first climate neutral continent by 2050. To this end, the Commission 
has developed a comprehensive policy agenda on sustainable finance since 2018, comprising the action 
plan on financing sustainable growth and the development of a renewed sustainable finance strategy in the

--- Page 469 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE BUSINESS OF THE GROUP 
 
- 454 - 
 
 
framework of the European Green Deal. On 18 June 2020, a sustainable taxonomy for the EU was put 
forward through Regulation (EU) 2020/852 of the European Parliament and of the Council on the 
establishment of a framework to facilitate sustainable investment ("EU Taxonomy"), applicable to 
financial market participants offering financial products, financial and non-financial firms under Directive 
2014/95/EU (NFRD). 
It establishes a classification scheme for economic activities based on their environmental sustainability 
which is primarily aimed at supporting mandatory disclosures. On 21 April 2021, the European 
Commission approved in principle the first delegated act aimed to support sustainable investment by 
making it clearer which economic activities most contribute to meeting the EU's environmental objectives. 
Specifically, for the banking sector, the EBA was given several mandates to assess how environmental, 
social and governance (ESG) risks can be incorporated into the three pillars of prudential supervision. Based 
on this, the EBA published an Action Plan on sustainable finance and a Discussion Paper on the integration 
of ESG risks into the regulatory and supervisory framework. 
Complementing the sustainability taxonomy defined by Regulation (EU) 2020/852, Delegated Regulation 
(EU) 2021/2139 has set out the technical screening criteria for determining under which conditions an 
economic activity qualifies as contributing substantially to climate change mitigation or climate change 
adaptation and establish that such economic activity does not cause significant harm to any one of the 
environmental objectives set out in the Regulation. It will thus allow banks to test their "transition capacity" 
and identify: i) transition or adaptation financing needs of banks' counterparties (how much counterparties 
need to invest for transition) and ii) the most vulnerable exposures from a transition and adaptation 
perspective. On 30 March 2022, the recommendations for the final technical screening criteria for the 
remaining EU Taxonomy objectives were published by the Platform for Sustainable Finance. 
In accordance with the provisions of Regulation (EU) 2019/2088 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 27 November 2019, the European Commission addressed the equally complex need for 
classification requirements for sustainable investment products through the Sustainable Finance Disclosure 
Regulation ("SFDR"), which establishes harmonised disclosure requirements. The SFDR regulation, 
applicable to financial market participants and financial advisers since March 2021, aims not only to 
classify sustainable investment products, but to harmonise the sustainability-related information disclosed 
at product and company level, including their strategic business and policy decisions, on their websites, 
pre-contractual information and periodic reports. Financial market participants that make and sell 
sustainable investment products have disclosure obligations in relation to their sustainable products, namely 
at the level of (i) integration of sustainability risks, (ii) consideration, in their processes, of negative impacts 
on sustainability and (iii) in the provision of sustainability information in relation to financial products. 
The integration of ESG risks into the supervisory framework will be supported by the ongoing ECB's 
economy-wide climate stress tests, while EBA is assessing the inclusion of ESG related risks in the Pillar 
2 framework. 
Response to the COVID-19 crisis 
ECB Banking Supervision provided temporary capital and operational relief in reaction to the COVID-19 
crisis 
In March 2020, the ECB announced several measures to support banks amid the coronavirus-related 
economic shock to the global economy. Measures included operating temporarily below the level of capital 
defined by the Pillar 2 Guidance, the capital conservation buffer and the LCR, using capital instruments 
that do not qualify as CET1 capital to meet the Pillar 2 capital requirements ("P2R") and excluding central 
bank exposures from their leverage ratio. 
On 15 December 2020, the ECB published (i) a recommendation concerning dividend distributions during 
the COVID-19 pandemic (repealing Recommendation ECB/2020/35). On 23 July 2021, the ECB decided 
not to extend beyond September 2021 its recommendation that all banks limit dividends. Instead, 
supervisors will assess the capital and distribution plans of each bank as part of the regular supervisory 
process. 
On 10 February 2022, the ECB announced the end of the last temporary relief measures available to banks. 
As such, banks are once again expected to operate above P2R from 1 January 2023 and are to reinclude 
central bank exposures in leverage ratio from 1 April 2022..

--- Page 470 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE BUSINESS OF THE GROUP 
 
- 455 - 
 
 
Banking Package to help mitigate the economic impact of the COVID-19 pandemic 
On 28 April 2020, the Commission adopted a banking package to help mitigate the impact of the 
Coronavirus. It includes an Interpretative Communication on the EU's accounting and prudential 
frameworks, as well as targeted "quick fix" amendments to EU banking rules. 
On 24 June 2020, Regulation (EU) 2020/873 (the CRR "quick fix") of the European Parliament and of the 
Council amending Regulations (EU) No 575/2013 and (EU) 2019/876 as regards certain adjustments in 
response to the COVID-19 pandemic was adopted. 
Banking Union 
In an effort to harmonise the regulation and supervision of banking activities across the European Union 
and especially in the Eurozone, the European Commission established a new common regulation (Single 
Rule Book) and a common supervisory architecture (European Supervisor Authorities together with 
Nacional Competent Authorities. The key-elements of the Banking Union are the Single Supervisory 
Mechanism ("SSM"), the SRM and the European Deposits Insurance Scheme ("EDIS"): 
(i) 
The SSM, which assigns the role of direct banking sector supervisor to the ECB in order to ensure 
that the largest banks in Europe are independently supervised under common rules (operating since 
4 November 2014); 
(ii) 
The SRM, which is responsible for planning for the worst-case scenario, namely the failure of a 
bank, to ensure that the situation can be resolved in an orderly manner; 
(iii) 
On 24 November 2015, the European Commission presented a legislative proposal that aims to 
add another element to the Banking Union, the EDIS, which is to be built on the basis of existing 
national Deposit Guarantee Schemes ("DGS"), but yet to be implemented. 
As part of the agenda for the completion of the Banking Union, the bank crisis management and deposit 
insurance framework ("CMID") - consisting of the BRRD, SRMR and the DGSD, acting together with 
relevant national legislation - is under review. The purpose of the review is to increase the efficiency, 
proportionality and overall coherence of the crisis management and deposit insurance framework. 
Furthermore, the underlying resolution rules were changed through the provisions of the BRRD, according 
to which resolutions shall mainly be financed by banks' shareholders and creditors. Where necessary, 
financing can also be provided, on a complementary basis, by the newly established Single Resolution Fund 
(the "SRF"), which is financed by the European banking industry. The SRF is only expected to reach its 
target funding level in 2023. Members of the Eurozone are automatically part of the Banking Union, while 
other Member States may opt in. 
The Single Supervisory Mechanism 
The Banking Union assigns specific tasks to the ECB concerning policies relating to the prudential 
supervision of credit institutions. According to the regulation, the SSM is intended to ensure that the 
European Union policy relating to the prudential supervision of credit institutions is implemented in a 
coherent and effective manner, that the single rulebook for financial services is applied in the same manner 
to credit institutions in all Member States concerned and that those credit institutions are subject to 
supervision of the highest quality, unfettered by other non-prudential considerations. 
The ECB directly supervises 110 financial institutions, including (since 4 November 2014) the Bank, that 
are considered to be systemically relevant, given their dimension and importance in the banking system of 
each Member State. The ECB's supervision of banks that are not considered significant ("less significant" 
institutions") is exercised in conjunction with national authorities. The "SSM Regulation" and the "SSM 
Framework Regulation" provide the legal basis for the operational arrangements of the SSM. 
The SSM is also responsible for regularly assessing and measuring the risks for each bank and, consequently, 
the capital and liquidity adequacy of credit institutions through the global evaluation of own funds adequacy, 
by means of the SREP: 
(i) 
During the SREP, the supervisor not only defines banks' capital requirements, (e.g. P2R - including 
P2R-LR - and Pillar 2 capital guidance ("P2G") – including Pillar 2 guidance for the risk of

--- Page 471 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE BUSINESS OF THE GROUP 
 
- 456 - 
 
 
excessive leverage ("P2G-LR")), but may also decide to impose additional measures on banks, 
including liquidity and qualitative measures. The final measures to be adopted will be assessed, on 
a case-by-case basis, by the Supervisory Board of the ECB 
(ii) 
The prudential requirements require banks to maintain a total SREP capital requirement ("TSCR") 
that includes CET1 instruments and other capital instruments; 
(iii) 
Banks are also subject to the overall capital requirement ("OCR") that includes, in addition to the 
TSCR, additional capital buffers, namely "the combined buffer", comprised of the countercyclical 
capital buffer, capital conservation buffer and systemic buffer, as described above; and 
(iv) 
The P2G is to be made up entirely of CET1 capital and should be held over and above the OCR. 
Failure to comply with the P2G is not itself a breach of own funds requirements, but it may be 
subject to additional measures adjusted to the individual situation of the bank. The P2G is not 
relevant for purposes of the Maximum Distributable Amount ("MDA"). The MDA is the maximum 
amount a bank is allowed to pay out, for example for bonuses or dividends. The MDA is calculated 
as the amount of interim or year-end profits not yet incorporated in CET1 capital, multiplied by a 
factor ranging from 0 to 0.6 depending on the size of the CET1 shortfall against the combined 
buffer. An institution which does not report interim or year-end profits, and which does not comply 
with the combined buffer, is not allowed to distribute dividends, to pay coupons on AT1 
instruments, nor to pay discretionary bonuses. 
The CRD clarifies the conditions for imposing Pillar 2 additional requirements, i.e., the institution-specific 
nature of Pillar 2 add-ons makes them unsuitable for macro-prudential purposes, for which other specific 
tools are set out. It also clarifies the interaction between the Pillar 2 add-ons, the Pillar 1 requirements, the 
own funds and eligible liabilities requirement, the MREL and the combined buffers (the 'stacking order') 
while clarifying the distinction between Pillar 2 requirements imposed by supervisors to address institution-
specific actual risks and (non-binding) P2G, which refers to the possibility for competent authorities to 
indicate to banks the level of capital in excess of Pillar 1, Pillar 2 and combined buffers requirements that 
they expect them to hold to face forward-looking and remote stresses. 
The EBA issues guidelines on common procedures and methodologies for the SREP. These guidelines 
introduce consistent methodologies for the assessment of risks to capital and risks to liquidity, and for the 
assessment of the Bank's capital and liquidity adequacy. Changes to guidelines, after being endorsed by the 
competent authorities may also have implications on the Bank's compliance of supervisory requirements. 
The Single Resolution Mechanism 
A new recovery and resolution regime introduced tools and powers aimed at addressing banking crisis in 
advance through Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 May 2014, as 
amended, established a framework for recovery and resolution ("BRRD"). The SRM, establishes uniform 
rules and procedures for the resolution of credit institutions (the "SRM Regulation") regarding the loss-
absorbing and recapitalisation capacity. 
The BRRD was transposed to the Portuguese legal order through Law No. 23-A/2015, of 26 March 2015, 
as amended (which amended the Banking Law). Changes to the Banking Law (Draft Law no. 21/XV/1.ª 
(GOV)), that transposes CRD V and BRRD II, have been approved by the Portuguese Parliament. 
In the event of a bank's critical financial condition ("fail or likely to fail"), the Banking Union's framework 
was designed to minimise the impact of any particular bank's financial difficulties on the financial system 
and on taxpayers. Under the envisaged SRM, shareholders of the institution would be the first to bear losses, 
before that institution's lenders in accordance with the applicable creditor hierarchy set out under applicable 
legislation. To that end, resolution authorities were given the power to allocate losses to shareholders and 
creditors (including holders of any Notes) (the "bail in" tool, as per Article 43 of the BRRD), in line with 
the valuation of the failing business and according to the sequence of write down and conversion provided 
in Article 48 of the BRRD. Shareholders and creditors must therefore absorb losses for at least 8% of their 
total liabilities, including own funds, before any use of the resolution fund. 
Guaranteed deposits are expected to be safeguarded and creditors should not bear losses greater than those 
that they would have suffered had the institution been liquidated under ordinary insolvency proceedings. 
The BRRD contemplates that subordinated liabilities (such as the Subordinated Notes) may be subject to

--- Page 472 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE BUSINESS OF THE GROUP 
 
- 457 - 
 
 
non-viability loss absorption, in addition to the application of the general bail-in tool (which may apply to 
any of the Notes). 
As such, the Banking Union and, in particular, the use of resolution tools and powers provided for by the 
Banking Union, may disrupt the rights of shareholders and creditors. In particular, the power of the 
authorities to transfer the shares or all or part of the assets of an institution to a private purchaser without 
the consent of shareholders affects the property rights of shareholders. In addition, the power to decide 
which liabilities to transfer out of a failing institution based upon the objectives of ensuring the continuity 
of services and avoiding adverse effects on financial stability may affect the equal treatment of creditors. 
To avoid institutions structuring their liabilities in a manner that impedes the effectiveness of the bail-in 
tool, the BRRD requires that institutions meet at all times a MREL expressed as a percentage of the total 
liabilities and own funds of the institution. When determining MREL in accordance with points (a) and (b) 
of Article 45 (6) of the BRRD and in applying the bail-in tool, the resolution authority should ensure that 
the institution is capable of absorbing an adequate amount of losses and that the post-resolution entity is 
recapitalised by an amount sufficient to meet ongoing capital prudential requirements after resolution, while 
sustaining sufficient market confidence. The resolution authority should also take into account the 
assessments made by the competent authority on the business model, funding model, and risk profile of the 
institution in order to set prudential requirements. 
By delivering a comprehensive framework that ensures that shareholders and creditors bear the cost of bank 
failure, the BRRD aims at: 
(i) 
safeguarding the continuity of essential banking operations; 
(ii) 
protecting the depositors, the client's assets and the public funds; 
(iii) 
risks to financial stability; and 
(iv) 
avoiding the unnecessary destruction of value. 
Accordingly, resolution powers include, among others: 
 
the power to reduce, including to reduce to zero, the principal amount of or outstanding amount 
due in respect of eligible liabilities, of an institution under resolution; 
 
the power to convert eligible liabilities of an institution under resolution into ordinary shares or 
other instruments of ownership of that institution; 
 
the power to cancel debt instruments issued by an institution under resolution except for secured 
liabilities subject to Article 44(2) of the BRRD; and 
 
the power to reduce, including to reduce to zero, the nominal amount of shares or other instruments 
of ownership of an institution under resolution and to cancel such shares or other instruments of 
ownership. 
These powers conferred to resolution authorities are such as to ensure that capital instruments (including 
Additional Tier 1 and Tier 2 instruments) absorb losses at the point of non-viability of the issuing institution. 
Accordingly, the BRRD contemplates that resolution authorities may require the write down of such capital 
instruments in full or on a permanent basis, or their conversion in full into CET1 instruments, to the extent 
required and up to their capacity, at the point of non-viability immediately before the application of any 
other resolution action, if any. 
The BRRD provides, inter alia, that resolution authorities shall exercise the write down power of reducing 
or converting at the point of non-viability of the issuing institution, according to an order of priority of 
credits in normal insolvency procedures, in a way that results in: 
(i) 
CET1 instruments being written down in proportion to the relevant losses; and 
(ii) 
the principal amount of other capital instruments being written down and/or converted into CET1 
(Tier 1 and Tier 2 instruments).

--- Page 473 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE BUSINESS OF THE GROUP 
 
- 458 - 
 
 
Resolution authorities may also apply the bail-in tool to meet the resolution objectives, for any of the 
following purposes: 
(i) 
to recapitalise an institution that meets the conditions for resolution to the extent sufficient to 
restore its ability to comply with the conditions for authorisation and to continue to carry out the 
activities for which it is authorised and to sustain sufficient market confidence in the institution or 
entity; or 
(ii) 
to convert to equity or reduce the principal amount of claims or debt instruments that are transferred: 
(a) 
to a bridge institution with a view to providing capital for that bridge institution; or 
(b) 
under the sale of business tool or the asset separation tool. 
When applying the bail-in tool, resolution authorities exercise the write-down and conversion powers 
meeting the following sequence: 
1. 
Common Equity Tier 1; 
2. 
Additional Tier 1 instruments; 
3. 
Tier 2 instruments; 
4. 
Other subordinated debt, in accordance with the normal insolvency hierarchy; and 
5. 
Other eligible liabilities, in accordance with the normal insolvency hierarchy. 
On 3 September 2016, the European Commission adopted the Delegated Regulation (EU) 2016/1450, of 
23 May 2016, supplementing the BRRD regulatory technical standards, which entered into force on 23 
September 2016, specifying the criteria relating to the methodology for setting the minimum requirement 
for own funds and eligible liabilities. This directive requires that institutions meet the MREL to avoid 
excessive reliance on forms of funding that are excluded from bail-in or other resolution measures and 
prevent the risk of contagion to other institutions and "bank run" situations, since failure to meet the MREL 
would negatively impact the institutions' loss absorption and recapitalisation capacity and, ultimately, the 
overall effectiveness of resolution. 
The MREL shall be calculated based on different components, namely: 
 
the loss absorption amount, based on the current capital requirements, including regulatory capital 
requirements (8% of RWA), the combined buffer requirements, and additional Pillar 2 bank-
specific requirements set by the supervisor; 
 
the recapitalisation amount (RCA), which aims to cover the capital requirements of the failing 
institution post-resolution, taking into account potential divestments and other resolution actions 
under the preferred resolution strategy, and the need to maintain sufficient market confidence; and 
 
adjustments to overall MREL target, namely the DGS adjustment, linked to any potential 
involvement of a DGS to protect insured depositors, and other adjustments stemming from the 
resolution measure itself (transfer, sale of business, impediments to resolution, …). 
Resolution authorities may be able to require, on a case-by-case basis, the MREL to be wholly or partially 
composed of own funds or of a specific type of liabilities. 
On 23 November 2016, the European Commission published proposals for certain amendments to the 
BRRD (BRRD II), which include certain proposals in relation to the quality and quantity of MREL required 
by European banks. BRRD II, which entered into force in 27 June 2019, will be applied after being 
transposed into national law. A new category of banks ("top-tier banks") was created with the entry into 
force of the BRRD II, enlarging the group of banks for which a statutory minimum requirement is 
applicable. Top-tier banks are non-G-SIIs with assets above EUR 100 billion. MREL is calculated 
differently for G-SIIs, "top-tier banks" and other banks subject to resolution. Institutions not meeting the 
criteria for "top-tier banks" can, however, under certain conditions, be classified as such.

--- Page 474 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE BUSINESS OF THE GROUP 
 
- 459 - 
 
 
The regulatory framework for MREL has been recently revised through amendments to the BRRD, and the 
Banking Package, introducing (i) changes to the MREL calibration (MREL requirement also based on the 
Leverage Ratio Exposure measure completing the existing risk based MREL measure as a percentage of 
the total risk exposure amount) and fine tuning of MREL defined for banking groups with a multiple point 
of entry, (ii) subordination requirements for resolution entities depending on the classification of the 
resolution entity, (iii) internal MREL for no resolution entities; and (iv) provisions for liabilities involving 
the law of third-countries. These changes are subject to transition arrangements and will be fully 
enforceable in 2024. 
The Bank is currently subject to an entity specific MREL requirement. As further described in the section 
"Trends Information", the Bank has been notified by Banco de Portugal on the Single Resolution Board's 
decision regarding the MREL. 
In addition, subject to the requirements under the SRMR, the SRB may impose a prohibition under which 
it would be prohibited to distribute more than the 'maximum distributable amount related to the minimum 
requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities' ("M-MDA"). The SRB may set restrictions for banks 
that do not comply with the CBR considered in addition to MREL, which under the new Banking Package 
is added on top of the MREL requirements expressed in TREA, preventing them from distributing more 
than the M-MDA via various actions (including dividend payments on CET1, variable remuneration and 
payments on AT1 instruments). 
On 27 December 2017, Directive (EU) 2017/2399 of the European Parliament and of the Council, of 12 
December 2017, amending the BRRD as regards the ranking of unsecured debt instruments in insolvency 
hierarchy was published in the Official Journal of the EU. The Directive entered into force on 28 December 
2017 and was transposed to Portuguese legal framework by Law No. 23/2019, of 13 March, in addition to 
the governing of the position of the unsecured debt instruments in the insolvency hierarchy, providing 
greater legal certainty to the issuance of non-preferred debt, also confers a preferential claim to all deposits 
vis-à-vis senior debt. 
On 19 March 2020, the European Commission adopted a Temporary Framework to enable Member States 
to further support the economy in the COVID-19 outbreak. The Temporary Framework, as amended, 
establishes that if due to the COVID-19 outbreak, banks would need direct support in the form of liquidity 
recapitalisation or impaired asset measure, the bank receiving such direct support would not automatically 
be deemed to be failing-or-likely-to-fail, as established by the BRRD. To the extent such measures address 
problems linked to the COVID-19 outbreak, they would be an exception to the requirement of burden-
sharing by shareholders and subordinated creditors. 
The EC announced in May 2022 that the State aid COVID-19 Temporary Framework will not be extended 
beyond the expiry date of 30 June 2022, with some exceptions. In particular, investment and solvency 
support measures may still be put in place until 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2023 respectively, as 
already provided for under the existing rules. In addition, the Temporary Framework already provides for 
a flexible transition, under clear safeguards, in particular for the conversion and restructuring options of 
debt instruments, such as loans and guarantees, into other forms of aid, such as direct grants, until 30 June 
2023. 
The SRM and SRF are regulated by the SRM Regulation, which also established the framework for 
recovery and resolution of credit institutions and the calculation method of the annual contributions for the 
funding of the resolution mechanism. 
The main decision-making body of the SRM is the SRB which is responsible for: 
(i) 
the planning and resolution phases of the Banking Union's cross-border and large banks, which are 
directly supervised by the ECB; 
(ii) 
all resolution cases that require recourse to the SRF, irrespective of the size of the bank; 
(iii) 
all banks in the Banking Union. 
The SRB will work in close cooperation with, and will give instructions to, the national authorities of 
Member States, including Banco de Portugal, which is the national resolution authority in Portugal. The 
national authorities of participating Member States (including the Portuguese Republic) are responsible for

--- Page 475 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE BUSINESS OF THE GROUP 
 
- 460 - 
 
 
planning and adopting resolution plans in respect of those banks for which the SRB is not directly 
responsible. 
The SRF is financed through ex-ante contributions paid annually at individual level by all credit institutions 
within the Banking Union. Contributions to the SRF: 
(i) 
take into account the annual target level of the SRF set by the SRB as well as the size and the risk 
profile of institutions; 
(ii) 
are collected by national resolution authorities and transferred to the SRF by 30 June of every year 
(in accordance with Article 67(4) of the SRM Regulation and in accordance with the 
intergovernmental agreement on the transfer and mutualisation of contributions to the SRF 
("Intergovernmental Agreement"); 
(iii) 
are calculated by the methodology as set out in the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 
2015/63, of 21 October 2014, as amended, and the SRM Regulation; and 
(iv) 
are calculated on the basis of the amount of liabilities deducted from the liability elements that 
belong to Tier 1 and additional own funds and the deposits covered by the Deposit Guarantee 
Scheme and subject to an adjustment in accordance with the risk profile of the participating 
institution, considering its solvability situation. 
In accordance to SRM Regulation, the use of the SRF shall be contingent upon the entry into force of an 
agreement among the participating Member States on transferring the funds raised at national level towards 
the SRF as well as on a progressive merger of the different funds raised at national level to be allocated to 
national compartments of the SRF. This Regulation is applicable since 1 January 2016. As such, the SRF 
does not cover ongoing situations with the Resolution Fund as at 31 December 2015. 
In 2015, following the establishment of the SRF, the Group made an initial EUR 31.4 million contribution. 
In accordance with the Intergovernmental Agreement, this amount was not transferred to the SRF but was 
used instead to partially cover the disbursements made by the Resolution Fund for resolution measures 
applied prior to the date of application of this Intergovernmental Agreement. Consequently, an equivalent 
amount will have to be transferred over a period of 8 years (starting in 2016) through periodic contributions 
to the SRF. 
The Portuguese Resolution Fund 
This fund consists of a resolution fund whose primary purpose has been to provide financial support for the 
application of resolution measures as determined by Banco de Portugal ("Resolution Fund"). The 
Resolution Fund foresees the participation of: 
(i) 
credit institutions with a head office in Portugal, including the Bank; 
(ii) 
branches of credit institutions in states that do not belong to the EU; 
(iii) 
relevant companies for the management of payment systems subject to supervision of Banco de 
Portugal; and 
(iv) 
certain types of investment companies. 
Decree-Law No. 31-A/2012, of 10 February 2012, which amended the Banking Law, also introduced, on 
terms subsequently amended by Law No. 23-A/2015, of 26 March 2015, the creation of the privileges 
accorded to claims associated with loans backed-up by deposits under the Deposit Guarantee Fund (the 
"DGF"), as well as credit secured by the DGF, by the Integrated Mutual Agricultural Scheme (which, in 
Portugal, is formed by the Central Mutual Agricultural Bank (Caixa Central de Crédito Agrícola Mútua) 
and its associated banks) or by the Resolution Fund, arising from the potential financial support that these 
institutions might give in the context of the implementation of resolution measures, within the limits of the 
applicable laws. 
The regime established in Decree-Law No. 24/2013, of 19 February establishes that Banco de Portugal has 
the authority to determine, by way of instruction ("instrução"), the applicable yearly rate based on objective 
incidence of periodic contributions.  The instruction of Banco de Portugal no. 22/2021, published on 15

--- Page 476 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE BUSINESS OF THE GROUP 
 
- 461 - 
 
 
December 2021, set the base rate for 2022 for the determination of periodic contributions to the Resolution 
Fund at 0.57% (vs. 0.06% in 2021). 
Increases in the base rate in future years may reduce the Bank's profitability. The contribution of the Bank 
to the Resolution Fund was EUR 18.7 million in 2022, EUR 17.0 million in 2021, EUR 15.1 million in 
2020, EUR 16.0 million in 2019, EUR 12.1 million in 2018, EUR 8.5 million in 2017 and EUR 5.7 million 
in 2016. The ex-ante contributions for the Resolution Fund are calculated in the same way as the 
abovementioned SRF contributions are calculated. 
According to Article 14(5) of Law No. 23-A/2015, of 26 March 2015, and without prejudice to the ex-ante 
and ex-post contributions regulated by the regime, further ex-ante and ex-post contributions can be charged 
for the Resolution Fund in accordance with the regime of Decree-Law No. 24/2013, of 19 February 2013, 
if these contributions are intended to enable the compliance with the obligations undertaken or to be 
undertaken by the Resolution Fund by virtue of having financially supported resolution measures until 31 
December 2014. 
Resolution measure of Banco Espírito Santo, S.A. 
On 3 August 2014, with the purpose of safeguarding the stability of the financial system, Banco de Portugal 
applied a resolution measure to Banco Espírito Santo, S.A. (BES) in accordance with the Article 145-C 
(1.b) of the Decree-law no. 298/92, of 31 December 1992, as amended (the "Banking Law"), which 
entailed, inter alia, the partial transfer of assets, liabilities, off-balance sheet items and assets under 
management into a transition bank, Novo Banco, S.A. (Novo Banco), incorporated on that date by a 
decision issued by Banco de Portugal. Within the scope of this process, the Resolution Fund made a capital 
contribution to Novo Banco amounting to Euros 4,900 million, becoming, on that date, the sole shareholder. 
Further, in accordance with information published on the Resolution Fund's website, the Resolution Fund 
borrowed Euros 4,600 million, of which Euros 3,900 million were granted by the Portuguese State and 
Euros 700 million by a group of credit institutions, including the Bank. 
As announced on 29 December 2015, Banco de Portugal transferred to the Resolution Fund the liabilities 
emerging from the "eventual negative effects of future decisions regarding the resolution process that may 
result in liabilities or contingencies". 
On 7 July 2016, the Resolution Fund declared that it would analyze and evaluate the diligences to be taken, 
following the publication of the report on the result of the independent evaluation, made to estimate the 
level of credit recovery for each category of creditors under a hypothetical scenario of a normal insolvency 
process of BES on 3 August 2014. 
In accordance with the applicable law, when the BES liquidation process is over, if it is verified that the 
creditors, whose credits were not transferred to Novo Banco, would take on a higher loss than the one they 
would hypothetically take if BES had gone into liquidation right before the application of the resolution 
measure, such creditors shall be entitled to receive the difference from the Resolution Fund. 
On 31 May 2019, the Liquidation Committee of BES presented a list of all the acknowledged and a list of 
the non-acknowledged creditors before the court and the subsequent terms of the proceedings. These lists 
detail that the total acknowledged credits, including capital, remunerative and default interest amounts to 
Euros 5,056,814,588, of which Euros 2,221,549,499 are common credits and Euros 2,835,265,089 are 
subordinated claims, and no guaranteed or privileged claims exist. Both the total number of acknowledged 
creditors and the total value of the acknowledged credits and their ranking will only be ultimately 
determined upon the definitive judicial judgment of the verification and ranking of credits to be given in 
the liquidation proceedings. 
Following the resolution measure of BES, a significant number of lawsuits against the Resolution Fund 
was filed and is underway. According to note 20 of the Resolution Fund's annual report of 2021, "Legal 
actions related to the application of resolution measures have no legal precedents, which makes it 
impossible to use case law in its evaluation, as well as to obtain a reliable estimate of the associated 
contingent financial impact. (…) The Resolution Fund, supported by legal advice of the attorneys for these 
actions, and in light of the legal and procedural information available so far, considers that there is no 
evidence to cast doubt on their belief that the probability of success is higher than the probability of failure".

--- Page 477 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE BUSINESS OF THE GROUP 
 
- 462 - 
 
 
According to note 22 of the Resolution Fund's annual report of 2021, "In addition to the Portuguese courts, 
it is important to take into account the litigation of Novo Banco, S.A., in other jurisdictions, being 
noteworthy, for its materiality and respective procedural stage, the litigation in the Spanish jurisdiction. (...) 
Regarding litigation in the Spanish jurisdiction, during the years 2018 to 2021, ten (decisions) have become 
final and unappealable condemning Novo Banco, Spanish branch, as well as three sentences in relation to 
which due compensation has been requested from the Resolution Fund". 
On 31 March 2017, Banco de Portugal communicated the sale of Novo Banco, where it states the following: 
"Banco de Portugal today selected Lone Star to complete the sale of Novo Banco. The Resolution Fund has 
consequently signed the contractual documents of the transaction. Under the terms of the agreement, Lone 
Star will inject a total of Euros 1,000 million in Novo Banco, of which Euros 750 million at completion 
and Euros 250 million within a period of up to 3 years. Through the capital injection, Lone Star will hold 
75% of the share capital of Novo Banco and the Resolution Fund will maintain 25% of the share capital". 
The terms agreed also included a Contingent Capital Agreement (CCA), under which the Resolution Fund, 
as a shareholder, undertakes to make capital injections if certain cumulative conditions are met related to 
the performance of a specific portfolio of assets and to the capital ratios of Novo Banco going forward. 
If these conditions are met, the Resolution Fund may be called upon to make a payment to Novo Banco for 
the lesser of the accumulated losses in the covered assets and the amount necessary to restore the capital 
ratios at the agreed levels. Any capital injections to be carried out pursuant to this contingent mechanism 
are limited to an absolute cap. The terms agreed also provide for mechanisms to safeguard the interests of 
the Resolution Fund, to align incentives as well as monitoring mechanisms, notwithstanding the limitations 
arising from State Aid rules. 
On 18 October 2017, following the resolution of the Council of Ministers no. 151-A/2017 of 2 October 
2017, Banco de Portugal communicated the conclusion of the sale of Novo Banco to Lone Star, with an 
injection by the new shareholder of Euros 750 million, followed by a further capital increase of Euros 250 
million by the end of 2017. Upon completion of the transaction, the status of Novo Banco as a bridge 
institution ceased, fully complying with the purposes of the resolution of BES. 
On 26 February 2018, the European Commission published the non-confidential version of its decision 
regarding the approval of State aid underlying Novo Banco's sale process. This statement identifies the 
three support measures by the Resolution Fund and the Portuguese State that are part of the sale agreement 
associated with a total gross book value of around Euros 10-20 billion that revealed significant uncertainties 
regarding adequacy in provisioning: 
(i) 
Contingent Capital Agreement (CCA) which allows Lone Star to reclaim, from the Resolution 
Fund, funding costs, realised losses and provisions related to an ex-ante agreed portfolio of existing 
loan stock, up to a maximum of Euros 3.89 billion, subject to a capital ratio trigger (CET1 below 
8%-13%) as well as to some additional conditions (1)(2)(3); 
(ii) 
underwriting by the Resolution Fund of a Tier 2 instrument to be issued by Novo Banco up to the 
amount necessary (but no more than Euros 400 million). The amount that can be reclaimed by the 
Resolution Fund under the CCA is subject to the cap of Euros 3.89 billion(2); 
(iii) 
in case the Supervisory Review and Evaluation Process ("SREP") total capital ratio of Novo Banco 
falls below the SREP total capital requirement, the Portuguese State will provide additional capital 
in certain conditions and through different instruments(2). According to the audit report on the 
management of Novo Banco conducted by the Court of Auditors and released on 12 July 2022, 
"the risk of triggering the additional capital mechanism (capital backstop), up to Euros 1.6 billion, 
provided for in the commitments made by the Portuguese State to ensure the viability of NB, exists". 
According to Novo Banco's Institutional presentation of June 2022, Novo Banco still has Euros 485 million 
under the MCC in addition to the Euros 209 million included in the capital call for 2021. The mechanism 
is in place until 25 December, date that can be extended, under certain conditions, by one additional year. 
(1) 
Exact value not disclosed by the European Commission for confidentiality reasons 
(2) 
As referred to in the respective European Commission Decision

--- Page 478 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE BUSINESS OF THE GROUP 
 
- 463 - 
 
 
(3) 
According to 2018 Novo Banco's earnings institutional presentation, the "minimum capital 
condition" is (i) CET1 or Tier 1 < CET1 or Tier 1 SREP requirement plus a buffer for the first 
three years (2017-2019); (ii) CET1 < 12% 
According to the 2018 Resolution Fund's annual report, the Resolution Fund and Novo Banco have agreed 
that a Verification Agent - an independent entity which is essentially responsible for clarifying any 
differences that may exist between Novo Banco and the Resolution Fund regarding the set of calculations 
inherent to the CCA or regarding the practical application of the principles stipulated in the contract - is in 
charge of confirming that the perimeter of the mechanism is correct and that the balance sheet values of 
Novo Banco are being correctly reflected in the mechanism, as well as verifying the underlying set of 
calculations, namely by confirming the correct calculation of losses and the reference value of the assets. 
According to the 2021 Resolution Fund's annual report, the Resolution Fund follows the work carried out 
by the Verification Agent, while specific analyses are being requested. 
In its 2021 annual report, the Resolution Fund states that "eventual new requests regarding future periods, 
with significant uncertainty regarding the relevant parameters for the calculation of eventual 
responsibilities, under the terms of the CCA, are recorded as contingent liabilities". 
The Resolution Fund disclosed on 17 June 2019 a set of clarifications related to the payment due in 2019 
under the CCA with Novo Banco, namely: 
 
For payments from the Resolution Fund to be made (limited to a maximum of Euros 3,890 million 
over the lifetime of the mechanism), losses on the assets under the contingent mechanism should 
be incurred and the capital ratios of Novo Banco should stand below the agreed reference 
thresholds; 
 
The payment to be made by the Resolution Fund corresponds to the lower of the accumulated 
losses on the assets covered and the amount necessary to restore the capital ratios above the 
minimum reference threshold; 
 
The reference capital ratios are, in 2017, 2018 and 2019, linked to the regulatory requirements 
applicable to Novo Banco (CET1 ratio of 11.25% and Tier 1 ratio of 12.75%), but, as from 2020, 
the reference ratio will correspond to a CET1 ratio of 12%; 
 
The initial reference value of the portfolio comprising the CCA was, as of 30 June 2016, Euros 
7,838 million (book value of the associated assets, net of impairments); 
 
The value of the portfolio, as at 31 December 2021, amounted to Euros 1.8 billion (book value, net 
of impairments), according to Novo Banco's 1H22 annual report. 
According to a notice issued by the Resolution Fund on 4 June 2020, the "Resolution Fund and Novo Banco 
have initiated an arbitration procedure to clarify the treatment that should be given, under the CCA, of the 
effects of Novo Banco's decision to waive the transitional regime it currently benefits from and which aims 
to reduce the impact of the introduction of IFRS 9 on credit institutions' own funds. This issue falls within 
the scope of the implementation of the CCA, which sets the maximum amount of payments to be made by 
the Resolution Fund at Euro 3,890 million. Thus, even if the arbitration procedure were to have an 
unfavourable outcome for the Resolution Fund's claims, its effects would fall under the maximum limit of 
Euros 3,890 million in accordance with the CCA. The above arbitral proceedings therefore do not represent 
an additional risk compared to the ceiling of Euros 3,890 million". 
According to Resolution Fund's annual report of 2021 (Box 1), "the award of the Arbitration Court, 
constituted under the aegis of the International Chamber of Commerce, was known at the end of October 
2021, and was favorable to the Resolution Fund. The Arbitration Court considered that (...) the financial 
impact on Novo Banco's own funds could not be covered by the CCM. The value of the dispute at the date 
of the award amounted to 169 million euros, an amount that the Resolution Fund would have had to pay to 
Novo Banco if the Arbitration Court's award had not been favorable." 
Additionally, regarding the intervention of the Resolution Fund concerning the transitional regime of the 
implementation of the dynamic component of IFRS 9, Novo Banco estimates a positive impact on its own 
funds in the amount of Euros 171 million (which implies a reduction in the capital requirements that Novo 
Banco intended to pass on to the CCM in the amount of Euros 161.6 million). Accordingly, the Resolution

--- Page 479 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE BUSINESS OF THE GROUP 
 
- 464 - 
 
 
Fund initiated a second arbitration proceeding, also under the aegis of the International Chamber of 
Commerce, with a view to settling the difference between the parties. This process is in progress, and it is 
estimated that an award will be rendered during 2023. 
According to a statement by the Resolution Fund on 3 September 2020, following the payment made in 
May 2019 by the Resolution Fund to Novo Banco in compliance with the CCA, a special audit determined 
by the Government was carried out. Information was presented by the independent entity that carried out 
the special audit, showing that Novo Banco has been operating with a strong influence of the vast legacy 
of non-productive assets, originated in BES, which resulted in impairment charges and provisions, but have 
also contributed to rendering Novo Banco's internal procedures more robust. Regarding the exercise of the 
powers of the Resolution Fund under the CCA, the audit results reflect the adequacy of the principles and 
the adopted criteria. 
According to Resolution Fund's annual report of 2021, the procedure relating to the payment to Novo Banco 
regarding 2020 accounts has been concluded, concluding that a payment of Euros 112 million was due to 
Novo Banco from the Resolution Fund which had remained pending further verification. Therefore, that 
amount was paid to Novo Banco, in December 2021, after the conclusion of the supplementary analysis 
promoted by the Resolution Fund. This amount, according to a statement issued by the Resolution Fund on 
23 December 2021, was already provisioned, included in the total amount of the provision (Euros 
429,012,629). 
According to Resolution Fund's annual report of 2021, Novo Banco submitted to the International Chamber 
of Commerce a request for arbitration to have recognized the right to receive an aggregate amount of Euros 
165,441.9 thousand (divestment of Novo Banco's activity in Spain in the amount of Euros 147,441.9 
thousand and valuation differences regarding a set of assets held by Novo Banco in the amount of Euros 
18,000.0 thousand) which the Resolution Fund considered, and considers, not to merit the coverage of the 
CCM. 
According to Novo Banco's 1H22 report (note 30), Novo Banco adhered to the Special Regime applicable 
to Deferred Tax Assets under Law No. 61/2014, of 26 August, according to which, the deferred tax assets 
recorded until 31 December 2015 can be converted into tax credits when the taxable entity reports an annual 
net loss, in accordance to the proportion of the amount of the said net loss to total equity at the individual 
company level, A special reserve was established with an amount identical to the tax credit approved, 
increased by 10%. The conversion rights are securities that entitle the State to require Novo Banco to 
increase its share capital by incorporating the amount of the special reserve and consequently issuing and 
delivering free of charge ordinary shares. The shareholders have the right to acquire the conversion rights 
attributed to the Portuguese State. 
According to the Resolution Fund's 2021 annual report, under the terms of the sale of Novo Banco, the 75% 
of the share capital of Novo Banco held by Nani Holdings is not affected by the dilution associated with 
the Special Regime applicable to deferred tax assets (REIAD) 
According to Resolution Fund's annual report of 2021, on 17 December 2021, Novo Banco, carried out a 
capital increase in the amount of Euros 154,907.3 thousand, through the conversion of the rights that had 
been attributed to the State due to the conversion of the deferred tax assets of Novo Banco, into tax credits, 
with reference to the 2015 tax period, under the REIAD. As of that date, the State became a shareholder of 
Novo Banco, having been attributed a participation corresponding to 1.56% of the share capital. As a result, 
the participation of the Resolution Fund was diluted from 25% to 23.44%. Also, according to the same 
source, it is estimated that the aggregate effect of the application of the REAID will result in the reduction 
of the participation of the Resolution Fund to 9.05%. 
In relation to the years 2016 and 2018, the Tax Authority has already validated the tax credit, and the final 
value of the conversion rights attributed to the state represents an additional 7.76% stake in the share capital 
of Novo Banco (9.31% for the years 2015 to 2018). 
As per CMVM's communication on 4 November 2022, Novo Banco, the registration of the share capital 
increase arising from the conversion of conversion rights relating to 2016 and 2017 fiscal years was made. 
The conversion rights were issued under the special regime applicable to DTA. This capital increase of 
Novobanco is done through the issuance of 436,136,626 new shares representing 4.13% of its share capital 
which are attributed to the Portuguese State in accordance with the mentioned regime. With this share

--- Page 480 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE BUSINESS OF THE GROUP 
 
- 465 - 
 
 
capital increase only the participation of the Resolution Fund will be diluted, whereas the Portuguese State 
will hold 5.69% of Novobanco share capital. 
According to Novo Banco's 1H22 report, Nani Holdings' stake at Novo Banco was 75%, Resolution Fund 
of 23.44% and Direção-Geral do Tesouro e Finanças 1.56%. 
On 3 May 2021, following the request of the Portuguese parliament in October 2020 to review the 
operations and management of Novo Banco that led to the need to transfer funds from the Resolution Fund 
to Novo Banco, the Resolution Fund announced that the audit report conducted by Tribunal de Contas 
("Court of Auditors") was released. The Court of Auditors concluded that the public financing of Novo 
Banco through the CCA contributed to the stability of the financial system, particularly as it avoided the 
bank's liquidation and reduced systemic risk. According to the Resolution Fund, the audit does not identify 
any impediment to the fulfilment of commitments and contracts arising from BES's resolution process, 
initiated in August 2014. 
Resolution measure of Banif – Banco Internacional do Funchal, S.A. 
On 19 December 2015, the Board of Directors of Banco de Portugal announced that Banif "was failing or 
likely to fail" and started an urgent resolution process of the institution through the partial or total sale of 
its activity, which was completed on 20 December 2015 through the sale to Banco Santander Totta S.A. 
(BST) of the rights and obligations of Banif, formed by the assets, liabilities, off-balance sheet items and 
assets under management. 
The largest portion of the assets that were not sold, were transferred to an asset management vehicle 
denominated Oitante, S.A. (Oitante) specifically created for that purpose, having the Resolution Fund as 
the sole shareholder. For that matter, Oitante issued bonds representing debt in the amount of Euros 746 
million. The Resolution Fund provided a guarantee and the Portuguese State a counter-guarantee. The 
operation also involved State aid, of which Euros 489 million were provided by the Resolution Fund, which 
was funded by a loan granted by the State. 
According to the Resolution Fund's 2020 annual report, "the outstanding debt related to the amount made 
available by the State to finance the absorption of Banif's losses, following the resolution measure applied 
by Banco de Portugal to that entity [amounts to] Euros 352,880 thousand". This partial early repayment of 
Euros 136 million corresponds to the revenue of the contribution collected, until 31 December 2015, from 
the institutions covered by the Regulation of the Single Resolution Mechanism which was not transferred 
to the Single Resolution Fund and which will be paid to the Single Resolution Fund by the credit institutions 
that are covered by this scheme over a period of 8 years starting in 2016 (according to the Resolution Fund's 
2016 annual report). 
The activity of the Resolution Fund in 2021 also included the monitoring of Oitante's activity, particularly 
in the progress of the early repayment of the debt issued by that company within the scope of the resolution 
of Banif. 
According to Oitante's press release on 12 January 2022, "during 2021, it repaid Euros 160.5 million related 
to its bond loan of Euros 746 million, contracted when it was created on 20 December 2015 due to the 
resolution of Banif". On 4 July 2022, Oitante - 100% owned by the Resolution Fund - completed the process 
of repayment of the bonds issued in connection with the resolution of BANIF. Oitante's debt, which initially 
amounted to Euros 746 million, was thus fully repaid. With the early repayment of the debt, the Resolution 
Fund's responsibility as guarantor also ceases, as well as the Portuguese State's responsibility as provider 
of a counter-guarantee. 
On 12 January 2021, Banco de Portugal was informed that the Administrative and Fiscal Court of Funchal 
dismissed a lawsuit involving several disputes associated to Banif's resolution measures applied by Banco 
de Portugal. In its decision, the Court determined the legality and maintenance of Banco de Portugal's 
measures. 
Liabilities and financing of the Resolution Fund

--- Page 481 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE BUSINESS OF THE GROUP 
 
- 466 - 
 
 
Pursuant to the resolution measures applied to BES and Banif, the Resolution Fund incurred on loans and 
assumed other responsibilities and contingent liabilities resulting from: 
 
The State loans, on 31 December 2020, included the amounts made available (i) in 2014 for the 
financing of the resolution measure applied to BES (Euros 3,900 million); (ii) to finance the 
absorption of Banif's losses (Euros 353 million); (iii) under the framework agreement concluded 
with the State in October 2017 for the financing of the measures under the CCA (Euros 430 million 
plus Euros 850 million of additional funding requested in 2019 and Euros 850 million made 
available in 2020); 
 
Other funding granted: 
 
in 2014 by the institutions participating in the Resolution Fund in the amount of Euros 700 
million, in which the Bank participates, within the scope of BES resolution measure; 
 
in 2021 by seven domestic credit institutions, including BCP, to finance payments due 
under the CCA up to a maximum of EUR 429 million; 
 
Underwriting by the Resolution Fund of a Tier 2 instrument to be issued by Novo Banco up to the 
amount of Euros 400 million. This underwriting did not take place as the instruments were placed 
with third party investors as disclosed by Novo Banco on 29 July 2018; 
 
Effects of the application of the principle that no creditor of the credit institution under resolution 
may assume a loss greater than the one it would take if that institution did not go into liquidation; 
 
Negative effects resulting from the resolution process that result in additional liabilities or 
contingencies for Novo Banco, which must be neutralized by the Resolution Fund; 
 
Legal proceedings filed against the Resolution Fund; 
 
Guarantee granted to secure the bonds issued by Oitante, totally reimbursed, as described above. 
 
CCA allows Lone Star to claim, from the Resolution Fund, funding costs, realised losses and 
provisions related to the aforementioned ex-ante portfolio of existing loan stock agreed upon the 
sale process to Lone Star up to Euros 3.89 billion under the aforementioned conditions, among 
which a reduction of Novo Banco's CET1 below 8%-13%; 
 
In case the Supervisory Review and Evaluation Process (SREP) total capital ratio of Novo Banco 
falls below the SREP total capital requirement, the State will provide additional capital in certain 
conditions and through different instruments as referred to in the respective European Commission 
Decision. 
According to Resolution Fund's annual report of 2021, contingent liabilities from the CCA are limited to a 
maximum aggregate amount of Euros 3,890 million and that the aggregate amount of this contingent 
liability, which corresponds to the difference between that maximum amount and the amounts already paid 
by the Resolution Fund, amounts to Euros 485.0 million. 
The expectation of the Resolution Fund is that, except for what may eventually result from the pending 
arbitration disputes with Novo Banco, no further payments will occur under the CCA. On the other hand, 
the value of payments already made may be compensated, under the terms of the contracts, by the eventual 
recovery of credits that may occur, to which the value of the shareholding of the Resolution Fund in Novo 
Banco must be added. 
According to note 20 of the Resolution Fund's 2021 annual report, the Resolution Fund considers that, to 
date, there are no elements that allow a reliable estimate of the potential financial effect of these potential 
liabilities. 
By a public statement on 28 September 2016, the Resolution Fund and the Ministry of Finance 
communicated the agreement based on a review of the terms of the Euros 3,900 million loan originally 
granted by the State to the Resolution Fund in August 2014 to finance the resolution measure applied to 
BES. According to the Resolution Fund, the extension of the maturity of the loan was intended to ensure

--- Page 482 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE BUSINESS OF THE GROUP 
 
- 467 - 
 
 
the ability of the Resolution Fund to meet its obligations through its regular revenues, regardless of the 
contingencies to which the Resolution Fund is exposed. On the same day, the Office of the Minister of 
Finance also announced that increases in the liabilities arising from the materialization of future 
contingencies will determine the maturity adjustment of State and bank loans to the Resolution Fund, 
required from to maintain the contributory effort required from the banking sector at prevailing levels at 
that time. 
According to the statement of the Resolution Fund of 21 March 2017: 
 
"The conditions of the loans obtained from the Fund to finance the resolution measures applied to 
Banco Espírito Santo, S.A. and to Banif – Banco Internacional do Funchal, S.A. were changed. 
These loans amount to Euros 4,953 million, of which Euros 4,253 million were granted by the 
Portuguese State and Euros 700 million were granted by a group of banks"; 
 
"Those loans are now due in December 2046, without prejudice to the possibility of early 
repayment based on the use of the Resolution Fund's revenues. The revision of the loan's terms 
aimed to ensure the sustainability and financial balance of the Resolution Fund. The terms allow 
the Resolution Fund to fully meet its liabilities based on regular revenues and without the need for 
special contributions or any other type of extraordinary contributions". 
According to the audit report on the management of Novo Banco conducted by the Court of Auditors and 
released on 12 July 2022, "the repayment of the Euros 2,130 million loans granted by the Portuguese State 
to the Resolution Fund will not end in 2046, as expected, rather in 2056 (without payments under the CCA 
after 2021) or in 2059 (with the use of the CCA cap). (...) In other, more pessimistic scenarios, these loans 
will still be being repaid in 2062". 
According to a statement issued by the Resolution Fund on 31 December 2021, the Euros 700 million loan 
to the Resolution Fund was provided by seven credit institutions (Caixa Geral de Depósitos, Banco 
Comercial Português, Banco BPI, Banco Santander Totta, Caixa Económica, Montepio Geral, Banco BIC 
Português and Caixa Central de Crédito Agrícola Mútuo). 
On 2 October 2017, by Resolution no. 151-A/2017, of the Council of Ministers of the Portuguese State, as 
the ultimate guarantor of financial stability, was authorised to enter into a framework agreement with the 
Resolution Fund, to make available the necessary financial resources to the Resolution Fund, if and when 
the State deemed necessary, to satisfy any contractual obligations that may arise from the sale of the 75% 
stake in Novo Banco. The above-mentioned resolution further set out that the framework agreement should 
be subject to a time period that is consistent with the undertakings of the Resolution Fund and should 
preserve the Resolution Fund's capacity to satisfy said obligations in due time. 
On 31 December 2021, the Resolution Fund's own resources had a negative equity of Euros 7207.6 million, 
as opposed to Euros 7315 million at the end of 2020, according to the latest 2021 annual report of the 
Resolution Fund. 
To repay the loans obtained and to meet other liabilities that it may take on, the Resolution Fund receives 
proceeds from the initial and regular contributions from the participating institutions (including the Bank) 
and from the contribution over the banking sector (created under Law no. 55-A/2010). It is also provided 
for the possibility of the member of the Government responsible for the area of Finance to determine, by 
ordinance that the participating institutions make special contributions, in the situations provided for in the 
applicable legislation, particularly if the Resolution Fund does not have resources to satisfy its obligations. 
Pursuant to Decree-Law no. 24/2013 of 19 February, which establishes the method for determining the 
initial, periodic and special contributions to the Resolution Fund, provided for in the Banking Law, the 
Bank has been paying, since 2013, its mandatory contributions set out in the aforementioned decree-law. 
On 3 November 2015, the Banco de Portugal issued Circular Letter no. 085/2015/DES, under which it is 
clarified that the periodic contribution to the Resolution Fund should be recognised as an expense at the 
time of the occurrence of the event which creates the obligation to pay the contribution, i.e. on the last day 
of April of each year, as stipulated in Article 9 of the referred Decree-Law no. 24/2013, of 19 February, 
thus the Bank is recognising as an expense the contribution to the Resolution Fund in the year in which it 
becomes due.

--- Page 483 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE BUSINESS OF THE GROUP 
 
- 468 - 
 
 
Decree-Law no. 24/2013 of 19 February further sets out that Banco de Portugal has the authority to 
determine, by way of instruction ("instrução"), the applicable yearly rate based on objective incidence of 
periodic contributions. The instruction of Banco de Portugal no. 22/2021, published on 15 December 2021, 
set the base rate for 2022 for the determination of periodic contributions to the Resolution Fund at 0.057% 
(0.06% in 2021). 
In the first half of 2022, the Group made regular contributions to the Portuguese Resolution Fund in the 
amount of Euros 18,668 thousand. The amount related to the contribution on the banking sector in Portugal, 
registered in the first half of 2022, was Euros 43,489 thousand. These contributions were recognized as a 
cost in the first half of 2022, in accordance with IFRIC no. 21 – Levies. 
The Resolution Fund issued, on 15 November 2015, a public statement declaring: "...it is further clarified 
that it is not expected that the Resolution Fund will propose the setting up of a special contribution to 
finance the resolution measure applied to BES. Therefore, the potential collection of a special contribution 
appears to be unlikely". 
In 2015, following the establishment of the Single Resolution Fund (SRF), the Group made an initial 
contribution in the amount of Euros 31,364 thousand. In accordance with the Intergovernmental Agreement 
on the Transfer and Mutualisation of Contributions to the SRF, this amount was not transferred to the SRF 
but was used instead to partially cover for the disbursements made by the RF in respect of resolution 
measures prior to the date of application of this Agreement. This amount will have to be reinstated over a 
period of 8 years (started in 2016) through the periodic contributions to the SRF. The Single Resolution 
Fund does not cover undergoing situations with the National Resolution Fund as at 31 December 2015. The 
total amount of the contribution attributable to the Group in the first half of 2022 was Euros 30,400 
thousand, of which the Group delivered Euros 25,847 thousand and the remaining was constituted as 
irrevocable payment commitment. 
It is not possible, on this date, to assess the effects on the Resolution Fund due to: (i) the sale of the 
shareholding in Novo Banco in accordance with the communication of Banco de Portugal dated 18 October 
2017 and the information provided by the European Commission on this subject under the terms described 
above, including the effects of the application of the Contingent Capital Agreement and the Special Regime 
applicable to Deferred Tax Assets; (ii) the application of the principle that no creditor of the credit 
institution under resolution may take on a loss greater than the one it would take if that institution did not 
go into liquidation; (iii) additional liabilities or contingencies for Novo Banco which need to be neutralized 
by the Resolution Fund; and, (iv) legal proceedings against the Resolution Fund. 
According to Article 5 (e) of the Regulation of the Resolution Fund, approved by the Ministerial Order no. 
420/2012, of 21 December, the Resolution Fund may submit to the member of the Government responsible 
for finance a proposal with respect to the determination of amounts, time limits, payment methods, and any 
other terms related to the special contributions to be made by the institutions participating in the Resolution 
Fund. According to public communications from both the Resolution Fund and from the Government, there 
is no indication that any such special contributions are foreseen. 
According to the Resolution Fund's 2021 annual report, under note 8, "the Resolution Fund is not obliged 
to present positive equity. In case of insufficient resources, the Resolution Fund may receive special 
contributions, as determined by the member of the Government responsible for finance, in accordance with 
article 153-I of the Banking Act, although no such contributions are expected, in particular after a review 
of the financing conditions of the Resolution Fund", as described in the 2016 Annual Report The Resolution 
Fund may also, exceptionally, obtain financial support from the State, namely through loans or guarantees, 
as set out in article 153-J of the same regime 
On 9 September 2020, BCP informed that it has decided not to continue with the legal proceeding before 
the General Court of the European Union with a view to partially annul the European Commission's 
decision regarding its approval of the CCA of Novo Banco. 
According to Resolution no. 63-A/2021 of 27 May 2021 of the Council of Ministers, a number of national 
financial institutions offered to finance the Resolution Fund, under conditions considered as appropriate by 
it, increasing up to Euros 475 million the direct financing of banks to the Resolution Fund and waiving a 
Portuguese State loan to the Resolution Fund. The funding costs of the Resolution Fund (from the State and 
from banks) will continue to be exclusively borne by periodic revenues, corresponding to the contributions 
paid by the banking sector. The payment obligations arising from this loan benefit from a pari passu

--- Page 484 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE BUSINESS OF THE GROUP 
 
- 469 - 
 
 
treatment with the payment obligations of the loans entered into with the Portuguese State on 7 August 
2014 and 31 December 2015 and with the Portuguese credit institutions on 28 August 2014. 
According to the Resolution Fund's 2021 annual report, the payment to Novo Banco was fully funded with 
resources from a loan from seven domestic credit institutions, including BCP, to finance payments that are 
due under the aforementioned contingent capitalization mechanism, up to a maximum amount of Euros 475 
million. Of this amount, the Resolution Fund used Euros 429.0 million, which corresponds to the payment 
made to Novo Banco in 2021. The loan matures in 2046 and bears interest at a rate corresponding to the 
sovereign cost of funding for the period between the contract date (31 May 2021) and 31 December 2026, 
plus a margin of 15 b.p. The interest rate will be reviewed on 31 December 2026 and, after that, every five-
years. 
The budgetary amendment necessary to make the payment by the Resolution Fund was authorised by Order 
of the Minister of State and Finance dated 31 May 2021. 
The European Deposit Guarantee System 
On 16 April 2014, the European Parliament and the Council adopted Directive 2014/49/EU on DGS ("DGS 
Directive"). The Directive encompasses the harmonisation of the funding mechanisms of DGS, the 
introduction of risk-based contributions and the harmonisation of the scope of products and depositors 
covered. In accordance with the DGS Directive, each credit institution should be part of a DGS recognised 
under this Directive, thereby ensuring a high level of consumer protection and a level playing field between 
credit institutions, while also preventing regulatory arbitrage. The DGS Directive sets the harmonised 
coverage level at EUR 100,000 and retains the principle of a harmonised limit per depositor rather than per 
deposit (such limit to be applied, in principle, to each identifiable depositor, except for collective investment 
undertakings subject to special protection rules). Each institution's contribution to DGS will be based on 
the amount of covered deposits and the degree of risk incurred by the respective member. The DGS 
Directive was transposed into the Portuguese law by Law No. 23-A/2015, of 26 March. 
According to the BRRD, and consequently, the Banking Law, with the amendments introduced by Law 
No. 23-A/2015, of 26 March, banks must ensure that by 3 July 2024 the financial resources available to a 
DGS amount to a target-level of 0.8% of the amount of DGF-covered deposits. 
If, after this target level is reached for the first time, the available financial resources are reduced to less 
than two thirds of the target level, the ex-ante contributions are set by Banco de Portugal at a level that 
allows the target level to be reached within six years. If the available financial resources are not sufficient 
to reimburse the depositors, in the event of unavailability of deposits, DGS members must pay ex-post 
contributions not exceeding 0.5% of the DGF-covered deposits for the exercise period of the DGF. In 
exceptional circumstances, the DGS can request a higher amount of contribution with the approval of Banco 
de Portugal. 
The exemption from the immediate payment of ex-ante contributions shall not exceed 30% of the total 
amount of contributions raised. This possibility depends on the credit institutions undertaking irrevocable 
payment commitments, to pay part of or the whole amount of the contribution which has not been paid in 
cash to the DGF, that are fully backed by collateral composed of low-risk assets unencumbered by any 
third-party rights and partly or wholly pledged in favour of the DGF at DGF's request. 
The additional indirect costs of the deposit guarantee systems may be significant and can consist of costs 
associated with the provision of detailed information to clients about products, costs of compliance with 
specific regulations on advertising for deposits or other products similar to deposits. 
Other financial service laws and regulations 
The Bank is still subject to other Directives and Regulations, among which: 
 
Directive 2014/65/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council, of 15 May 2014, as amended, 
transposed into the national legal framework by Law No. 35/2018, of 20 July, and Regulation (EU) 
No. 600/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council, of 15 May 2014, as amended, relating 
to markets in financial instruments, known as the Markets in Financial Instruments Directive II 
("MiFID II") and Markets in Financial Instruments Regulation ("MiFIR"), respectively. Some 
topics of the MiFID II and MiFIR framework are currently under revision.

--- Page 485 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE BUSINESS OF THE GROUP 
 
- 470 - 
 
 
 
Regulation (EU) No. 1286/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council, of 26 November 
2014, as amended, on key information documents for packaged retail and insurance-based 
investment products, supplemented by Delegated Regulation (EU) No. 653/2017 of the 
Commission, of 8 March 2017 ("PRIIPs"), as amended, applicable since 1 January 2018. On 4 
January 2018, the CMVM issued a "Circular" regarding PRIIPs subject to the CMVM's supervision, 
outlining further applicable requirements and Law no. 35/2018, of 20 July introduced the legal 
framework for PRIIPs in Portugal. 
 
Directive (EU) 2015/2366 of the European Parliament and of the Council, of 25 November 2015, 
as amended, on payment services ("PSD 2") was implemented in Portugal on 12 November 2018 
through Decree-Law no. 91/2018, creating new types of payment services and reinforcing 
customer protection and security 
 
The European Market Infrastructure Regulation, Regulation (EU) No. 648/2012 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council, of 4 July 2012 ("EMIR"), as amended, that sets out procedures 
regarding OTC markets and derivatives, namely on clearing; 
 
Rules and regulations related to the prevention of money laundering, bribery and terrorism 
financing - Banco de Portugal is responsible for the preventive supervision of money laundering 
and terrorist financing ("ML/TF") in the financial sector. Within the applicable legal framework, 
the following are paramount: (i) Law No. 83/2017, of 18 August, as amended, which transposes 
Directive (EU) 2015/849 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2015 on the 
prevention of the use of the financial system for the purposes of ML/TF, and sets forth preventive 
and repressive measures to combat ML/TF; (ii) Regulation (EU) 2015/847 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2015, as amended, on the information on payers and 
payees, accompanying transfers of funds, in any currency, for the purposes of preventing, detecting 
and investigating ML/TF; (iii) Law No. 97/2017, of 23 August, which governs the application and 
execution of the restrictive measures approved by the United Nations or by the European Union 
and sets forth the sanctions applicable to breaches of such measures and (iv) the regulatory notice 
("Aviso") of Banco de Portugal No. 1/2022, of 6 June 2022, which governs enforcement conditions, 
procedures, instruments, mechanisms, enforcement measures, reporting obligations and other 
aspects necessary for ensuring compliance with obligations for the prevention of ML/TF. 
 
The EBA is also working to incorporate money laundering and terrorist financing issues into 
prudential and governance models. in order to boost the efficient functioning of the AML/CTF 
framework of the Union the EU will create a dedicated Anti-money laundering Authority 
("AMLA"). The Council as agreed on a position that adds powers to the Authority to directly 
supervise certain types of credit and financial institutions, including crypto asset service providers, 
if they are considered risky. It also entrusts the Authority to supervise up to 40 groups and entities 
- at least in the first selection process – and to ensure a complete coverage of the internal market 
under its supervision. More powers are also given to the general board in the governance of AMLA. 
Once set, the new entity and framework may have impact on the Bank's operations and risk 
management features, imposing additional compliance costs or business restrictions and 
procedures. 
Prevention, mitigation and monitoring of asset quality 
In 2013, the EBA issued a recommendation to Competent Authorities ("CAs") to perform asset quality 
reviews for banks, based on newly harmonised definitions of NPLs (complemented by EBA Report on the 
dynamics and drivers of non-performing exposures in the European Union banking sector dated 22 July 
2016). In 2014, CAs carried out comprehensive assessment and a stress test. EBA's Implementing Technical 
Standards ("ITS") on forbearance and NPEs, issued under Commission Implementing Regulation (EU) 
2015/227, of 9 January 2015, aim at implementing uniform definitions and reporting requirements for 
forbearance and NPEs. The ECB has issued in March 2017 Guidance on SSM bank's on NPLs 
supplemented a year later by an addendum specifying ECB's expectations for prudent levels of provisions 
for new NPLs. 
In July 2017, the European Council concluded an Action Plan to achieve a sustainable reduction of NPEs 
in credit institutions' balance sheets. On 31 October 2018, the EBA published the final guidance on 
management of non-performing and forborne exposures. These guidelines specify sound risk management 
practices for credit institutions in their management of NPEs and forborne exposures, including

--- Page 486 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE BUSINESS OF THE GROUP 
 
- 471 - 
 
 
requirements on NPE reduction strategies, governance and operations of NPE workout framework, internal 
control framework and monitoring. 
The regulation amending the CRR to introduce common minimum coverage levels for potential losses 
stemming from newly originated loans that become nonperforming has been published in Official Journal 
on 17 April 2019 (Regulation (EU) 2019/630 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 17 April 
2019 amending Regulation (EU) no 575/2013). This regulation establishes a requirement for credit 
institutions to build their loan loss reserve up to common minimum levels to cover the incurred and expected 
losses on newly originated loans that become non-performing. Where the minimum coverage requirement 
is not met, the difference between the actual coverage level and the requirement should be deducted from 
a bank's own funds (CET1). The new rules should not be applied in relation to exposures originated prior 
to 26 April 2019. The Directive on credit servicers and credit purchasers (Directive (EU) 2021/2167 of 24 
November 2021) – which was also included in the package of measures to be tackled by the European 
Commission - lays down a common framework and requirements strengthening the ability of secured 
creditors to recover value from secured loans to corporates and entrepreneurs. 
All in all, the legal and regulatory framework regarding NPLs and NPEs creates an assortment of 
obligations for credit institutions and sets forth protection measures for bank customers, including, 
procedures for gathering information, contacting customers, monitoring the execution of loan agreements 
and managing default risk situations; the duty to assess the financial capacity of bank customers and present 
default correction proposals adapted to the debtor's situation; and drawing up a plan for restructuring debts 
emerging from home loans or replacing mortgage foreclosures that in some cases of extra-judicial 
procedures may restrict the Bank's options to (i) terminate the relevant agreements; (ii) initiate judicial 
proceedings against the debtor; (iii) assign its credits over the client; or (iv) transfer its contractual position 
to a third party. 
Furthermore, as the macroprudential authority for Portugal, Banco de Portugal has approved a 
recommendation introducing limits to some of the criteria used in the assessment of customers' 
creditworthiness, covering the granting of new credit relating to residential immovable property, credit 
secured by a mortgage or equivalent guarantee, and consumer credit agreements, to be applied to 
agreements concluded as of 1 July 2018. Measures of similar nature are also in place in Poland. In 
September 2017, the regulatory notice ("Aviso") No. 4/2017 of Banco de Portugal, which entered into force 
on 1 January 2018, established procedures and criteria for banks for assessing customers' financial capacity 
before granting mortgage loans. Furthermore, a Decree-Law on renegotiation of mortgage loans for highly 
indebted households was approved in November 2022, which include solutions such as maturity extension, 
in order to ease the debt service burden to customers with mostly operational costs to the banks. 
On 31 January 2022, Banco de Portugal announced the amendment to the macroprudential recommendation 
on new credit agreements for consumers. With a view to the convergence of the average maturity of new 
credit agreements for house purchase towards 30 years by the end of 2022, Banco de Portugal recommends 
new limits to the maximum maturity of new credit for house purchase based on the age of borrowers. Also, 
changes were introduced to the limits of loan-to-value and debt service-to-income ratios. 
Relief measures regarding asset quality deterioration and non-performing loans 
Under the Decree-Law No. 10-J/2020, of 26 March, the Portuguese government approved a six-month 
moratorium on bank loan repayments for households and companies affected by the COVID-19 outbreak. 
The Portuguese Government also launched state-guaranteed credit lines for medium, small and micro 
enterprises in affected sectors which will be operated through the banking system. 
In this context, the ECB decided to temporarily exercise flexibility in the classification requirements and 
expectations on loss provisioning for NPL that are covered by public guarantees and COVID-19 related 
public moratoria. 
On 2 April 2020, the EBA issued guidelines (EBA/GL/2020/02) on public and private payment moratoria 
on loan repayments applied before 30 June 2020, aiming to clarify that payment moratoria do not trigger 
classification as forbearance or distressed restructuring if the measures taken are based on the applicable 
national law or on an industry or sector-wide private initiative agreed and applied broadly by the relevant 
credit institutions.

--- Page 487 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE BUSINESS OF THE GROUP 
 
- 472 - 
 
 
Law 50/2021, of 30 July 2021, extended the moratorium for mortgage loans, consumer credit and sectors 
particularly affected by the pandemic, for beneficiaries which were covered by the moratoria on 1 October 
2020, until 31 December 2021. Following the end of the moratoria, loans to these sectors (identified in 
Decree-Law No. 10-J/2020, of 26 March) may benefit from an extension of maturities until 30 September 
2022. 
EBA did not reactivate the regulatory and supervisory framework established by the EBA Guidelines 
(EBA/GL/2020/02), i.e., the treatment foreseen in the EBA guidelines on moratoria cannot be applied under 
this scope. 
Insurance business 
Directive (EU) 2016/97, as amended (the "Insurance Distribution Directive") regulates the way insurance 
products are designed and sold both by insurance intermediaries and directly by insurance undertakings, 
namely in the cases of insurance products that have an investment element such as unit-linked life insurance 
contracts. The Insurance Distribution Directive was transposed into national law by Law No. 7/2019, of 16 
January, and entered into force in October 2018. Similar in nature provisions are also embedded in the 
PRIIPs Regulation (Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 
November 2014, as amended) and implementing national provisions which entered into force in 2018. At 
a different level, the Solvency II in force (as amended) and IFRS 17, introduces additional requirements for 
insurance companies in terms of minimum capital requirements, supervisory review of firms' assessment 
of risk and enhanced disclosure requirements. All these may affect the insurance business and associated 
earnings. Further regulatory developments are expected in the forthcoming years, such as the review of 
capital requirements, long term guarantees and macroprudential tools. 
Management, Audit Committee and Statutory Auditor 
The Bank adopts a one-tiered corporate governance model, with one Board of Directors within which there 
is an Executive Committee, an Audit Committee, a Remunerations and Welfare Board and a Board for 
International Strategy, plus a Statutory Auditor. 
Board of Directors 
According to the articles of association of the Bank, the Board of Directors is composed of a minimum of 
15 and a maximum of 19 members, elected by the General Meeting of Shareholders. 
The General Meeting of Shareholders held on 4 May 2022 approved the election of the Board of Directors 
for the 2022/2025 term of office, including the Audit Committee. 
Two members of the Board of Directors, elected at the General Meeting held on 4 May 2022, Clara Patrícia 
Costa Raposo and Teófilo César Ferreira da Fonseca, decided, on 5 August and 8 July respectively, not to 
accept the position for which they were elected. On 11 October 2022, the Board of Directors, unanimously, 
approved the proposal for, and on 20 December 2022, the General Meeting approved, the co-optation, 
subject to the non-opposition to the exercise of functions by the Bank of Portugal and the European Central 
Bank, Altina Sebastián and Pedro Ferreira Malaquias to fill the two vacancies that occurred. The formal 
evaluation process by the national and European supervisor is underway, in order to authorise the position. 
Currently, following persons exercise functions as members of the Board of Directors of BCP: 
Position 
Name 
Chairman: 
Nuno Manuel da Silva Amado 
Vice-Chairmen: 
Jorge Manuel Baptista Magalhães Correia 
 
Valter Rui Dias de Barros 
 
Miguel Maya Dias Pinheiro 
Members: 
Cidália Maria da Mota Lopes 
 
Fernando da Costa Lima

--- Page 488 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE BUSINESS OF THE GROUP 
 
- 473 - 
 
 
 
Clara Patrícia Costa Raposo (35) 
 
Ana Paula Alcobia Gray 
 
João Nuno de Oliveira Jorge Palma 
 
José Miguel Bensliman Schorcht da Silva Pessanha 
 
Lingjiang Xu 
 
Lingzi Yuan (Smilla Yuan) 
 
Maria José Henriques Barreto de Matos de Campos 
 
Miguel de Campos Pereira de Bragança 
 
Rui Manuel da Silva Teixeira 
 
Teófilo César Ferreira da Fonseca36 
 
Xiaoxu Gu (Julia Gu) 
 
Positions held outside the Group by the abovementioned members of the Board of Directors that are 
relevant to the Group: 
Name 
Position 
Company 
Nuno Manuel da Silva Amado 
Member of the Board of Auditors 
Fundação Bial 
 
Member of the Senior Board 
Alumni Clube ISCTE 
 
Member of the Consulting Board 
Competitiveness Forum 
 
Member of the Management Board 
Business Roundtable Portugal 
 
Member of the Advisory Board 
AESE - Associação de Estudos 
Superiores de Empresa 
 
Member 
"Conselho de Escola" (Estrategic & 
Supervisory Board) of Instituto Técnico 
Cidália Maria Mota 
Lopes 
Professor 
Coimbra Business School - ISCAC on 
tax issues 
 
Invited Professor 
Faculty of Law/IDET – University of 
Coimbra 
 
Member of the Scientific 
Board 
Portuguese Fiscal Association (AFP) 
 
Member of the Scientific 
Board 
Coimbra Business School - ISCAC 
Jorge Manuel Baptista Magalhães 
Correia 
 
 
 
Chairman of the Board of Directors 
Luz Saúde, S.A. 
 
Member of the Board of Directors and 
member of the Corporate Governance 
Committee 
REN- Redes Eléctricas Nacionais, 
SGPS, S.A. 
 
Chairman of the Board of Directors 
Fidelidade Companhia de Seguros, S.A. 
 
Chairman of the Board of Directors 
Longrun, Portugal, SGPS, S.A. 
 
Vice- Chairman 
Portuguese Insurers Association 
 
Member of the Advising Board of 
Faculdade de Direito de Lisboa 
José Miguel Bensliman Schorcht da 
Silva Pessanha 
Vice-Chairman of the Board of Director 
and Chairman of the Audit Committee 
Millenniumbcp Ageas Grupo Segurador, 
SGPS, S.A. 
 
35 
On 5 August 2022, it informed the Bank of its non-availability of the person's position of member of the Board of Directors for 
which it was elected on 4 May 2022. 
36 
On 8 July 2022, he informed the President of the CA of his decision not to accept the position of member of the Board of 
Directors for which it was elected on 4 May 2022.

--- Page 489 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE BUSINESS OF THE GROUP 
 
- 474 - 
 
 
Name 
Position 
Company 
 
Vice-Chairman of the Board of Directors 
and Chairman of the Audit Board 
Ocidental – Companhia Portuguesa de 
Seguros, S.A. 
 
Vice-Chairman of the Board of Directors 
and Chairman of the Audit Committee 
Ageas – Sociedade Gestora de Fundos 
de Pensões, S.A. 
Lingjiang Xu 
Non-Executive Chairman of the Board of 
Directors 
Longrun Portugal, SGPS, S.A. 
 
Non-Executive member of the Board of 
Directors 
Fidelidade – Companhia de Seguros, 
S.A. 
 
Non-Executive member of the Board of 
Directors 
Luz Saúde, S.A. 
Miguel de Campos Pereira de 
Bragança 
Manager 
Quinta das Almoínhas Velhas-
Imobiliária Lda. 
 
Non-executive Director 
SIBS, SGPS, S.A. and SIBS Forward 
Payment Solutions, S.A. (in 
representation of BCP) 
 
Non-executive Director 
Unicre- Instituição Financeira de 
Crédito, S.A. (in representation of BCP) 
 
Member of the General Board 
AEM – Associação de Empresas 
Emitentes de Valores Cotados em 
Mercado 
Miguel Maya Dias Pinheiro 
Vice-Chairman of the Board of Directors 
Banco Millennium Atlântico, S.A. 
 
Member of the Senior Board 
Alumni Clube ISCTE 
 
Member of the advisory Board 
INDEG/ISCTE Executive Education 
 
Member of the advisory Board 
BCSD Portugal – Conselho Empresarial 
para o Desenvolvimento Sustentável, (in 
representation of the Bank 
 
Vice-Chairman of the Management Board 
of 
APB – Associação Portuguesa de 
Bancos (in representation of Banco 
Comercial Português, S.A. 
Rui Manuel da Silva Teixeira 
Member of the Remunerations 
Committee 
UNICRE – Instituição Financeira de 
Crédito, S.A. (in representation of BCP) 
 
Member of the Board Directors of 
Ageas-Sociedade Gestora de Fundos de 
Pensões, S.A. 
 
Chairman of the Board 
Porto Business School. 
Valter Rui Dias de Barros 
Chairman of the Board of Directors 
Recredit - Gestão de Activos, S.A. 
(Angola) 
XiaoXu Gu (Julia Gu) 
Executive Vice-Chairwoman 
Fosun High Technology (Group) Co., 
Ltd. 
 
Non-Executive Chairwoman 
Zhangxingbao (Shanghai) Network 
Technology Co., Ltd. (subsidiary of 
Fosun) 
 
Non-Executive Member of the Board of 
Directors 
MYBank 
 
Non-Executive Member 
Chongquing Rural Commercial Bank 
Co. Ltd 
Fernando da Costa Lima 
Non-executive Director 
 
Euronext Lisbon 
 
 
Chairman of the General Meeting 
OBEGEF – Observatory of Economics 
and Fraud Management 
Lingzi Yuan (Smilla Yuan) 
Deputy Head of 
Lark Business at ByteDance Global 
 
To the best of the Issuer's knowledge, none of the abovementioned members of the Board of Directors of 
the Bank has any external activity relevant for the Bank other than the ones listed above.

--- Page 490 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE BUSINESS OF THE GROUP 
 
- 475 - 
 
 
For all the purposes resulting from the functions of the members of the Board of Directors, their professional 
domicile is at Av. Prof. Dr. Cavaco Silva (Parque das Tecnologias), Edifício 1, no. 32, Piso 2, 2744-256 
Porto Salvo. 
Executive Committee 
Under the terms of the law and of the Articles of Association of the Bank, the Board of Directors appointed 
an Executive Committee on 24 July 2018, composed of six of its members, which performs all the Bank's 
current management functions that are not to be exercised by the Board of Directors.  The members of the 
Executive Committee are as follows: 
Position 
Name 
Chairman: 
Miguel Maya Dias Pinheiro 
First Vice-Chairman: 
Miguel de Campos Pereira de Bragança 
Second Vice-Chairman: 
João Nuno de Oliveira Jorge Palma 
Members: 
José Miguel Bensliman Schorcht da Silva Pessanha 
 
Maria José Henriques Barreto de Matos de Campos 
 
Rui Manuel da Silva Teixeira 
 
Audit Committee 
Under the terms of the articles of association of the Bank, the Bank's supervision pertains to an Audit 
Committee elected by the General Meeting of Shareholders and composed of a minimum of three and a 
maximum of five members. 
The Audit Committee, created in accordance with the provisions of number 1 of Article 278 of the 
Portuguese Companies Code and in accordance with Article 39 of the articles of association of the Bank, 
is particularly responsible for (amid the remaining powers attributed to it by law): 
(a) 
Monitoring the Bank's management; 
(b) 
Verifying the compliance with the law and the articles of association; 
(c) 
Verifying the regularity of the books, accounting records and documents supporting them; 
(d) 
Verifying the accuracy of the financial statements; 
(e) 
Supervising the efficiency of the risk management system, the internal control system and the 
internal audit system; 
(f) 
Receiving the communications stating irregularities reported by shareholders, employees of the 
Bank or others; 
(g) 
Monitoring the preparation and disclosure of financial information; 
(h) 
Proposing to the General Meeting of Shareholders the election of the Chartered Accountant and of 
the External Auditor; 
(i) 
Supervising the audit of the annual report and financial statements of the Bank; 
(j) 
Verify the Statutory Auditor's independence, namely regarding the rendering of non-audit services; 
(k) 
Engaging the provision of services by experts to assist one or several of its members in the exercise 
of their functions.  This engagement and the remuneration of the experts must take into account 
the importance of the issues committed to them and the Bank's economic situation; and 
(l) 
Complying with all the other duties attributed to it by the law or by the Articles of Association. 
The Audit Committee is composed of the following members: 
Position 
Name 
Members: 
Cidália Maria Mota Lopes 
 
Valter Rui Dias de Barros

--- Page 491 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE BUSINESS OF THE GROUP 
 
- 476 - 
 
 
Fernando da Costa Lima 
 
Statements regarding the Members of Management and Supervision Bodies 
To the best of the Issuer's knowledge and in its understanding, having made enquiries, there are no potential 
conflicts of interests between the duties of any member of the management and supervision bodies 
identified above towards the Issuer or towards any other Group company and his/her personal interests and 
duties.  There are non-executive members of the Board of Directors with functions in other financial 
institutions that can be considered competitors of the Bank.  For this situation, the General Meeting of 
Shareholders held on 28 February 2012 resolved to authorise the presence of those members in the Board 
of Directors, which was also authorised in the General Meeting of Shareholders held on 11 May 2015, and 
the General Meetings of Shareholders held on 30 May 2018 and 4 May 2022, where the majority of the 
current members of the Board of Directors were elected, with the mention of the adoption of a restrictive 
regime of access to sensitive information. 
Statutory Auditor 
The current Statutory Auditor and External Auditor of the Bank, Deloitte & Associados SROC, S.A., and 
alternatively Jorge Carlos Batalha Duarte Catulo, ROC No. 992, were elected at the General Meeting of 
Shareholders held on 20 May 2020, for the three-year term of office 2021/2023, by a majority of 99.92% 
of the votes cast. 
Deloitte & Associados SROC, S.A was elected for the first time on 21 April of 2016. 
There are no potential conflicts of interest between the duties to the Bank of the persons listed above and 
their private interest or duties.

--- Page 492 ---
SUMMARY FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 
- 477 - 
 
 
SUMMARY FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
The financial information set out below has been derived from the audited consolidated financial statements 
of the Bank as at, and for the years ended on, 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2021 and the unaudited 
and un-reviewed consolidated financial statements of the Bank as at and for the nine months period ended 
on 30 September 2022. The consolidated financial statements of the Bank were prepared in accordance 
with IFRS, as endorsed by the European Union. Such financial information should be read together with, 
and is qualified in its entirety by reference to, the Bank's annual reports and audited financial statements as 
at, and for the years ended on, 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2021 and the unaudited and un-
reviewed interim report and financial statements as at, and for the nine months period ended on 30 
September 2022. The financial statements for the year ended on 31 December 2020 have been approved by 
the General Meeting of Shareholders on 20 May 2021 and the financial statements for the year ended on 
31 December 2021 have been approved by the General Meeting of Shareholders on 4 May 2022.

--- Page 493 ---
SUMMARY FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 
- 478 - 
 
 
BANCO COMERCIAL PORTUGUÊS 
Consolidated Income Statements for the years ended 31 December 2021 and 2020 
(Audited) 
(Amounts expressed in thousands of EUR) 
 
2021 
2020 (restated) 
Interest and similar income ..................................................................................................... 
1,709,124 
1,805,760 
Interest expense and similar charges ....................................................................................... 
(120,523) 
(274,095) 
NET INTEREST INCOME ................................................................................................. 
1,588,601 
1,531,665 
Dividends from equity instruments ......................................................................................... 
938 
4,775 
Net fees and commissions income .......................................................................................... 
727,723 
676,556 
Net gains/(losses) from financial operations at fair value through profit or loss ................... 
(247) 
(17,336) 
Net gains/(losses) from foreign exchange ............................................................................... 
17,494 
88,319 
Net gains/(losses) from hedge accounting operations ............................................................ 
4,286 
(2,322) 
Net gains/(losses) from derecognition of financial assets and liabilities at amortised cost ... 
(3,717) 
(28,081) 
Net gains/(losses) from derecognition of financial assets at fair value through other 
comprehensive income ........................................................................................................ 
68,722 
100,063 
Other operating income / (losses) ........................................................................................... 
(128,905) 
(158,261) 
TOTAL OPERATING INCOME........................................................................................ 
2,274,895 
2,195,378 
Staff costs ................................................................................................................................ 
654,270 
624,780 
Other administrative costs ....................................................................................................... 
324,172 
329,823 
Amortisations and depreciations ............................................................................................. 
137,156 
135,800 
TOTAL OPERATING EXPENSES .................................................................................... 
1,115,598 
1,090,403 
NET OPERATING INCOME BEFORE PROVISIONS AND IMPAIRMENTS ......... 
1,159,297 
1,104,975 
Impairment of financial assets at amortised cost .................................................................... 
(352,833) 
(513,406) 
Impairment of financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income ............... 
(4,626) 
(10,360) 
Impairment of other assets ...................................................................................................... 
(60,882) 
(79,290) 
Other provisions ...................................................................................................................... 
(642,726) 
(238,292) 
NET OPERATING INCOME ............................................................................................. 
98,230 
263,627 
Share of profit of associates under the equity method ............................................................ 
56,937 
67,695 
Gains/(losses) arising from sales of subsidiaries and other assets.......................................... 
2,570 
(6,387) 
NET INCOME BEFORE INCOME TAXES ..................................................................... 
157,737 
324,935 
Income taxes 
 
 
Current ..................................................................................................................................... 
(81,353) 
(108,520) 
Deferred ................................................................................................................................... 
(122,273) 
(23,570) 
NET INCOME AFTER INCOME TAXES FROM CONTINUING OPERATIONS ... 
(45,889) 
192,845 
Income arising from discontinued or discontinuing operations ............................................. 
70,881 
15,520 
NET INCOME AFTER INCOME TAXES ........................................................................ 
24,992 
208,365 
Net income for the year attributable to: 
 
 
Bank's Shareholders ................................................................................................................ 
138,082 
183,012 
Non-controlling interests ......................................................................................................... 
(113,090) 
25,353 
NET INCOME FOR THE YEAR ....................................................................................... 
24,992 
208,365 
Earnings per share (in Euros) 
 
 
Basic ........................................................................................................................................ 
0.007 
0.010 
Diluted ..................................................................................................................................... 
0.007 
0.010 
 
The balances for 2020 were restated under the changes in accounting policies and in the classification of 
Banque Privée BCP (Suisse), S.A. and Seguradora Internacional de Moçambique, S.A. as discontinuing 
operations.

--- Page 494 ---
SUMMARY FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 
- 479 - 
 
 
BANCO COMERCIAL PORTUGUÊS 
Consolidated Balance Sheet as at 31 December 2021 and 2020 
(Audited) 
(Amounts expressed in thousands of EUR) 
 
2021 
2020 (restated) 
ASSETS 
Cash and deposits at Central Banks ........................................................................................ 
7,796,299 
5,303,864 
Loans and advances to credit institutions repayable on demand ............................................ 
361,786 
262,395 
Financial assets at amortised cost 
 
 
Loans and advances to credit institutions ............................................................................ 
453,213 
1,015,087 
Loans and advances to customers ........................................................................................ 
54,972,401 
52,022,357 
Debt securities...................................................................................................................... 
8,205,196 
6,234,545 
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss 
 
 
Financial assets held for trading .......................................................................................... 
931,485 
1,031,201 
Financial assets not held for trading mandatorily at fair value through profit or loss ........ 
990,938 
1,315,467 
Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income ...................................... 
12,890,988 
12,140,392 
Hedging derivatives ................................................................................................................. 
109,059 
91,249 
Investments in associated companies ...................................................................................... 
462,338 
434,959 
Non-current assets held for sale .............................................................................................. 
780,514 
1,026,481 
Investment property ................................................................................................................. 
2,870 
7,909 
Other tangible assets ................................................................................................................ 
600,721 
640,825 
Goodwill and intangible assets ............................................................................................... 
256,213 
245,954 
Current tax assets .................................................................................................................... 
17,283 
11,676 
Deferred tax assets .................................................................................................................. 
2,688,216 
2,633,790 
Other assets .............................................................................................................................. 
1,385,292 
1,296,812 
TOTAL ASSETS ................................................................................................................... 
92,904,812 
85,714,963 
LIABILITIES 
Financial liabilities at amortised cost 
Resources from credit institutions ....................................................................................... 
8,896,074 
8,898,759 
Resources from customers ................................................................................................... 
69,560,227 
63,000,829 
Non subordinated debt securities issued ............................................................................. 
2,188,363 
1,388,849 
Subordinated debt ................................................................................................................ 
1,394,780 
1,405,172 
Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss 
 
 
Financial liabilities held for trading .................................................................................... 
231,241 
278,851 
Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss ....................................................... 
1,581,778 
1,599,405 
Hedging derivatives ................................................................................................................. 
377,206 
285,766 
Provisions ................................................................................................................................ 
458,744 
345,341 
Current tax liabilities ............................................................................................................... 
20,427 
14,827 
Deferred tax liabilities ............................................................................................................. 
16,932 
7,242 
Other liabilities ........................................................................................................................ 
1,116,983 
1,103,652 
TOTAL LIABILITIES ......................................................................................................... 
85,842,755 
78,328,693 
EQUITY 
 
 
Share capital ............................................................................................................................ 
4,725,000 
4,725,000 
Share premium ........................................................................................................................ 
16,471 
16,471 
Other equity instruments ......................................................................................................... 
400,000 
400,000 
Legal and statutory reserves .................................................................................................... 
259,528 
254,464 
Treasury shares ........................................................................................................................ 
— 
(40) 
Reserves and retained earnings ............................................................................................... 
580,304 
642,397 
Net income for the year attributable to Bank's Shareholders ................................................. 
138,082 
183,012 
TOTAL EQUITY ATTRIBUTABLE TO BANK'S SHAREHOLDERS ....................... 
6,119,385 
6,221,304 
Non-controlling interests ......................................................................................................... 
942,672 
1,164,966 
TOTAL EQUITY .................................................................................................................. 
7,062,057 
7,386,270 
TOTAL LIABILITIES AND EQUITY .............................................................................. 
92,904,812 
85,714,963 
 
The balances for the year 2020 were restated under the changes occurred in accounting policies.

--- Page 495 ---
SUMMARY FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 
- 480 - 
 
 
BANCO COMERCIAL PORTUGUÊS 
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended 31 December 2021 and 2020 
(Audited) 
(Amounts expressed in thousands of EUR) 
 
2021 
2020 (restated) 
CASH FLOWS ARISING FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES 
 
Interests received ...........................................................................................................................  
1,610,633 
1,541,781 
Commissions received...................................................................................................................  
925,786 
877,504 
Fees received from services rendered ...........................................................................................  
110,095 
70,625 
Interests paid ..................................................................................................................................  
(182,934) 
(248,487) 
Commissions paid .........................................................................................................................  
(145,957) 
(157,022) 
Recoveries on loans previously written off ..................................................................................  
22,938 
22,680 
Net earned insurance premiums ....................................................................................................  
20,975 
16,386 
Claims incurred of insurance activity ...........................................................................................  
(7,827) 
(6,053) 
Payments (cash) to suppliers and employees (*) ............................................................................  
(1,250,979) 
(1,229,338) 
Income taxes (paid) / received ......................................................................................................  
(61,834) 
(89,589) 
 
1,040,896 
798,487 
Decrease / (increase) in operating assets: 
 
 
Receivables from / (Loans and advances to) credit institutions ...................................................  
204,997 
169,528 
Deposits held with purpose of monetary control ..........................................................................  
190,049 
(291,669) 
Loans and advances to customers receivable / (granted) ..............................................................  
(4,192,195) 
(4,080,970) 
Short term trading securities .........................................................................................................  
45,161 
(175,522) 
Increase / (decrease) in operating liabilities: 
 
 
Loans and advances to credit institutions repayable on demand ..................................................  
(42,783) 
(12,437) 
Deposits from credit institutions with agreed maturity date .........................................................  
94,089 
2,560,161 
Loans and advances to customers repayable on demand ..............................................................  
6,589,819 
7,077,726 
Deposits from customers with agreed maturity date ....................................................................  
481,649 
(2,992,767) 
 
4,411,682 
3,052,537 
CASH FLOWS ARISING FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES 
 
Assignment of investments in subsidiaries and associates which results in loss of control (**) ...  
4,809 
20 
Acquisition of investments in subsidiaries ...................................................................................  
(2,252) 
— 
Dividends received ........................................................................................................................  
16,651 
11,891 
Interest income from financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income and at 
amortised cost ............................................................................................................................  
199,303 
183,763 
Sale of financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income and at amortised cost  
6,552,698 
19,346,529 
Acquisition of financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income and at 
amortised cost ............................................................................................................................  
(58,763,208) 
(39,893,571) 
Maturity of financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income and at amortised 
cost .............................................................................................................................................  
49,315,510 
17,992,857 
Acquisition of tangible and intangible assets ...............................................................................  
(80,464) 
(78,739) 
Sale of tangible and intangible assets ...........................................................................................  
13,614 
11,276 
Decrease / (increase) in other sundry assets .................................................................................  
44,657 
348,594 
 
(2,698,682) 
(2,077,380) 
CASH FLOWS ARISING FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES 
 
Issuance of subordinated debt .......................................................................................................  
300,000 
— 
Reimbursement of subordinated debt ...........................................................................................  
(305,368) 
(165,017) 
Issuance of debt securities .............................................................................................................  
998,439 
— 
Reimbursement of debt securities .................................................................................................  
(246,018) 
(271,849) 
Issuance of commercial paper and other securities ......................................................................  
105,708 
22,694 
Reimbursement of commercial paper and other securities ...........................................................  
(26,074) 
(239,116) 
Dividends paid to non-controlling interests ..................................................................................  
(17,516) 
(22,974) 
Interest paid of the issue of Perpetual Subordinated Bonds (Additional Tier 1) .........................  
(37,000) 
(37,000) 
Increase / (decrease) in other sundry liabilities and non-controlling interests (***).......................  
(2,914) 
73,443 
 
769,257 
(639,819) 
Exchange differences effect on cash and equivalents ...................................................................  
109,569 
(256,487) 
Net changes in cash and equivalents .............................................................................................  
2,591,826 
78,851 
Cash ...............................................................................................................................................  
579,997 
636,048 
Deposits at Central Banks .............................................................................................................  
4,723,867 
4,530,503 
Loans and advances to credit institutions repayable on demand ..................................................  
262,395 
320,857 
CASH AND EQUIVALENTS AT THE BEGINNING OF THE YEAR ..............................  
5,566,259 
5,487,408 
Cash ...............................................................................................................................................  
601,772 
579,997

--- Page 496 ---
SUMMARY FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 
- 481 - 
 
 
 _______________  
(*) 
In 2021, this balance includes the amount of EUR 581,000 (2020: EUR 2,077,000) related to short-term lease contracts and the 
amount of EUR 2,564,000 (2020: EUR 2,054,000) related to lease contracts of low value assets. 
(**) As Banco Privée BCP (Suisse) S.A. and Seguradora Internacional de Moçambique, S.A. are now considered discontinued 
operations, the respective amounts, net of intra-group operations, were incorporated into cash flows arising from investing 
operations. 
(***) In 2021, this balance includes the amount of EUR 58,206,000 (2020: EUR 59,161,000) corresponding to payments of lease 
liabilities' shares of capital. 
Deposits at Central Banks .............................................................................................................  
7,194,527 
4,723,867 
Loans and advances to credit institutions repayable on demand ..................................................  
361,786 
262,395 
CASH AND EQUIVALENTS AT THE END OF THE YEAR .............................................  
8,158,085 
5,566,259

--- Page 497 ---
SUMMARY FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 
- 482 - 
 
 
BANCO COMERCIAL PORTUGUÊS 
Interim Condensed Consolidated Income Statements 
for the nine month period ended 30 September 2022 and 2021 
(Unaudited) 
(Amounts expressed in thousands of EUR) 
 
30 September 
2022 
30 September 
2021 (restated) 
Interest and similar income ........................................................................................................ 
1,878,103 
1,253,489 
Interest expense and similar charges .......................................................................................... 
(332,272) 
(88,515) 
NET INTEREST INCOME .................................................................................................... 
1,545,831 
1,164,974 
Dividends from equity instruments ............................................................................................ 
9,262 
870 
Net fees and commissions income ............................................................................................. 
573,803 
534,835 
Gains/(losses) on financial operations at fair value through profit or loss ................................ 
8,000 
(20,566) 
Foreign exchange gains/(losses) ................................................................................................ 
30,894 
20,895 
Hedge accounting gains/(losses) ................................................................................................ 
(1,506) 
4,361 
Gains/(losses) from derecognition of financial assets and liabilities at amortised cost ............ 
22,806 
(3,039) 
Gains/(losses) from derecognition of financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive 
income ..................................................................................................................................... 
14,744 
69,889 
Other operating income/(losses) ................................................................................................ 
(201,913) 
(121,261) 
TOTAL OPERATING INCOME........................................................................................... 
2,001,921 
1,650,958 
Staff costs ................................................................................................................................... 
431,821 
516,146 
Other administrative costs .......................................................................................................... 
251,751 
230,332 
Amortisations and depreciations ................................................................................................ 
103,856 
102,772 
TOTAL OPERATING COSTS .............................................................................................. 
787,428 
849,250 
NET OPERATING INCOME BEFORE PROVISIONS AND IMPAIRMENTS 
1,214,493 
801,708 
Impairment of financial assets at amortised cost ....................................................................... 
(246,385) 
(266,265) 
Impairment of financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income .................. 
1,763 
(7,199) 
Impairment of other assets ......................................................................................................... 
(138,268) 
(41,316) 
Other provisions ......................................................................................................................... 
(695,325) 
(411,331) 
NET OPERATING INCOME ................................................................................................ 
136,278 
75,597 
Share of profit of associates under the equity method ............................................................... 
44,982 
42,128 
Gains/(losses) on disposal of subsidiaries and other assets ....................................................... 
11,128 
4,424 
NET INCOME BEFORE INCOME TAXES ........................................................................ 
192,388 
122,149 
Income taxes ............................................................................................................................... 
 
Current ........................................................................................................................................ 
(75,409) 
(66,947) 
Deferred ...................................................................................................................................... 
(133,227) 
(74,525) 
NET INCOME AFTER INCOME TAXES FROM CONTINUING OPERATIONS ...... 
(16,248) 
(19,323) 
Net income from discontinued or discontinuing operations ...................................................... 
1,481 
9,535 
NET INCOME AFTER INCOME TAXES ........................................................................... 
(14,767) 
(9,788) 
Net income for the period attributable to: .................................................................................. 
 
Bank's Shareholders ................................................................................................................... 
97,193 
59,469 
Non-controlling interests ............................................................................................................ 
(111,960) 
(69,257) 
NET INCOME FOR THE PERIOD ...................................................................................... 
(14,767) 
(9,788) 
Earnings per share (in Euros) ..................................................................................................... 
 
Basic ........................................................................................................................................... 
0.006 
0.003 
Diluted ........................................................................................................................................ 
0.006 
0.003 
 
The balances for the first nine months of 2021 were restated under the classification of Seguradora 
Internacional de Moçambique, S.A.  as discontinuing operation by the end of 2021.

--- Page 498 ---
SUMMARY FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 
- 483 - 
 
 
BANCO COMERCIAL PORTUGUÊS 
Interim Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet as at 30 September 2022 and 2021 
(Unaudited) 
(Amounts expressed in thousands of EUR) 
 
30 September 
2022 
30 September 
2021 
ASSETS 
 
 
Cash and deposits at Central Banks .....................................................................................  
3.122.862 
5.557.434 
Loans and advances to credit institutions repayable on demand ........................................  
346.032 
411.776 
Financial assets at amortised cost ........................................................................................  
 
 
Loans and advances to credit institutions ............................................................................  
7.751.515 
664.230 
Loans and advances to customers ........................................................................................  
54.902.163 
54.900.939 
Debt securities ......................................................................................................................  
12.585.844 
8.364.163 
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss .............................................................  
 
 
Financial assets held for trading ..........................................................................................  
1.047.739 
1.063.910 
Financial assets not held for trading mandatorily at fair value through profit or loss ........  
914.910 
1.011.557 
Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income ...................................  
7.574.144 
13.156.651 
Hedging derivatives .............................................................................................................  
799.496 
86.627 
Investments in associated companies ..................................................................................  
432.850 
458.275 
Non-current assets held for sale ...........................................................................................  
605.888 
850.803 
Investment property .............................................................................................................  
12.238 
5.722 
Other tangible assets ............................................................................................................  
574.988 
603.486 
Goodwill and intangible assets ............................................................................................  
157.366 
242.780 
Current tax assets .................................................................................................................  
12.892 
13.672 
Deferred tax assets ...............................................................................................................  
2.970.129 
2.651.949 
Other assets ..........................................................................................................................  
3.358.370 
1.419.011 
TOTAL ASSETS ................................................................................................................  
97.169.426 
91.462.985 
LIABILITIES 
 
 
Financial liabilities at amortised cost ..................................................................................  
 
 
Resources from credit institutions .......................................................................................  
8.967.315 
9.072.047 
Resources from customers ...................................................................................................  
73.842.798 
68.320.742 
Non subordinated debt securities issued ..............................................................................  
1.091.639 
1.745.641 
Subordinated debt ................................................................................................................  
1.331.884 
1.205.389 
Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss .......................................................  
 
 
Financial liabilities held for trading .....................................................................................  
246.698 
368.412 
Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss .......................................................  
1.331.522 
1.508.684 
Hedging derivatives .............................................................................................................  
2.258.197 
238.006 
Provisions .............................................................................................................................  
567.205 
473.769 
Current tax liabilities 
8.490 
8.469 
Deferred tax liabilities..........................................................................................................  
11.241 
9.358 
Other liabilities .....................................................................................................................  
1.641.506 
1.154.323 
TOTAL LIABILITIES ......................................................................................................  
91.298.495 
84.104.840 
EQUITY 
 
 
Share capital .........................................................................................................................  
4.725.000 
4.725.000 
Share premium .....................................................................................................................  
16.471 
16.471 
Other equity instruments ......................................................................................................  
400.000 
400.000 
Legal and statutory reserves ................................................................................................  
268.534 
259.528 
Reserves and retained earnings ............................................................................................  
(341.210) 
828.967 
Net income for the period attributable to Bank's Shareholders ...........................................  
97.193 
59.469 
TOTAL EQUITY ATTRIBUTABLE TO BANK'S SHAREHOLDERS ....................  
5.165.988 
6.289.435 
Non-controlling interests .....................................................................................................  
704.943 
1.068.710 
TOTAL EQUITY ...............................................................................................................  
5.870.931 
7.358.145 
TOTAL LIABILITIES AND EQUITY ...........................................................................  
97.169.426 
91.462.985

--- Page 499 ---
SUMMARY FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 
- 484 - 
 
 
BANCO COMERCIAL PORTUGUÊS 
Interim Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash 
for the nine month period ended 30 September 2022 and 2021 
(Unaudited) 
(Amounts expressed in thousands of EUR) 
 
30 September 
2022 
30 September 2021 
(restated) 
CASH FLOWS ARISING FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES 
Interests received ..................................................................................................................  
1,588,400 
1,195,415 
Commissions received..........................................................................................................  
745,791 
658,878 
Fees received from services rendered ..................................................................................  
78,920 
72,226 
Interests paid .........................................................................................................................  
(311,515) 
(120,143) 
Commissions paid ................................................................................................................  
(126,441) 
(98,599) 
Recoveries on loans previously written off .........................................................................  
16,158 
16,047 
Net earned insurance premiums ...........................................................................................  
— 
15,560 
Claims incurred of insurance activity ..................................................................................  
— 
(4,837) 
Payments (cash) to suppliers and employees (*) ...................................................................  
(966,307) 
(950,719) 
Income taxes (paid)/received ...............................................................................................  
(40,030) 
(48,940) 
 
984,976 
734,888 
Decrease/(increase) in operating assets: 
Receivables from/(Loans and advances to) credit institutions ............................................  
(370,870) 
193,475 
Deposits held with purpose of monetary control .................................................................  
(6,928,235) 
156,865 
Loans and advances to customers receivable/(granted) .......................................................  
(770,176) 
(3,469,483) 
Short term trading securities ................................................................................................  
(52,412) 
(58,217) 
Increase/(decrease) in operating liabilities: 
 
 
Loans and advances to credit institutions repayable on demand .........................................  
120,257 
74,827 
Deposits from credit institutions with agreed maturity date ................................................  
(581) 
158,947 
Loans and advances to customers repayable on demand .....................................................  
(798,582) 
4,554,593 
Deposits from customers with agreed maturity date ...........................................................  
5,052,883 
531,173 
 
(2,762,740) 
2,877,068 
CASH FLOWS ARISING FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES 
Assignment of investments in subsidiaries and associates which results in loss of control 
(**) ......................................................................................................................................  
— 
14,525 
Dividends received ...............................................................................................................  
54,263 
16,583 
Interests on financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income and at 
amortised cost ...................................................................................................................  
195,484 
109,196 
Sale of financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income and at 
amortised cost ...................................................................................................................  
7,260,865 
5,610,090 
Acquisition of financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income and at 
amortised cost ...................................................................................................................  
(38,798,345) 
(45,593,251) 
Maturity of financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income and at 
amortised cost ...................................................................................................................  
31,364,122 
36,910,575 
Acquisition of tangible and intangible assets ......................................................................  
(68,512) 
(41,645) 
Sale of tangible and intangible assets ..................................................................................  
7,793 
5,511 
Decrease/(increase) in other sundry assets ..........................................................................  
(1,446,078) 
56,208 
 
(1,430,408) 
(2,912,208) 
CASH FLOWS ARISING FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES 
Issuance of subordinated debt ..............................................................................................  
— 
282 
Reimbursement of subordinated debt ..................................................................................  
— 
(213,100) 
Issuance of debt securities ....................................................................................................  
347 
500,380 
Reimbursement of debt securities ........................................................................................  
(1,141,907) 
(176,858) 
Issuance of commercial paper and other securities .............................................................  
36,072 
88,834 
Reimbursement of commercial paper and other securities ..................................................  
(8,866) 
(17,688) 
Dividends paid to shareholders of the Bank (note 46).........................................................  
(13,603) 
— 
Dividends paid to non-controlling interests .........................................................................  
(59,572) 
(17,516) 
Interests paid on Perpetual Subordinated Bonds (Additional Tier 1) ..................................  
(27,750) 
(27,750) 
Increase/(decrease) in other sundry liabilities and non-controlling interests (***) ................  
683,693 
215,713 
 
(531,586) 
352,297 
Exchange differences effect on cash and equivalents ..........................................................  
35,543 
85,794 
Net changes in cash and equivalents ....................................................................................  
(4,689,191) 
402,951 
Cash (note 18) ......................................................................................................................  
601,772 
579,997 
Deposits at Central Banks ....................................................................................................  
7,194,527 
4,723,867

--- Page 500 ---
SUMMARY FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 
- 485 - 
 
 
 
30 September 
2022 
30 September 2021 
(restated) 
Loans and advances to credit institutions repayable on demand .........................................  
361,786 
262,395 
CASH AND EQUIVALENTS AT THE BEGINNING OF THE PERIOD .................  
8,158,085 
5,566,259 
Cash ......................................................................................................................................  
584,850 
528,827 
Deposits at Central Banks ....................................................................................................  
2,538,012 
5,028,607 
Loans and advances to credit institutions repayable on demand .........................................  
346,032 
411,776 
CASH AND EQUIVALENTS AT THE END OF THE PERIOD ................................  
3,468,894 
5,969,210 
 _______________  
(*) 
As at 30 September 2022, this balance includes the amount of Euros 300,000 (30 September 2021: Euros 429,000) related to 
short-term lease contracts and the amount of Euros 1,763,000 (30 September 2021: Euros 1,924,000) related to lease contracts of 
low value assets. 
(**) As in 2021, Banco Privée BCP (Suisse) S.A. and Seguradora Internacional de Moçambique, S.A. were considered discontinued 
operations, the respective amounts, net of intra-group operations, were incorporated into cash flows arising from investing 
operations. 
(***) As at 30 September 2022, this balance includes the amount of Euros 41,285,000 (30 September 2021: Euros 43,410,000) 
corresponding to payments of lease liabilities' shares of capital.

--- Page 501 ---
TAXATION 
 
- 486 - 
 
 
TAXATION 
The following is a general description of certain tax considerations relating to the Notes. It does not purport 
to be a complete analysis of all tax considerations relating to the Notes, whether in those countries or 
elsewhere. The tax laws of an investor's Member State and of the Issuer's Member State of incorporation 
might have an impact on the income received from the securities. Prospective purchasers of Notes should 
consult their own tax advisers as to which countries' tax laws could be relevant to acquiring, holding and 
disposing of Notes and receiving payments of interest, principal and/or other amounts under the Notes and 
the consequences of such actions under the tax laws of those countries. It should also be noted that there 
are differences in the tax treatment of different Notes. This summary is based upon the law as in effect on 
the date of this Base Prospectus and is subject to any change in law that may take effect after such date. 
Portuguese Taxation 
The following is a general summary of the Bank's understanding of current law and practice in 
Portugal as in effect on the date of this Base Prospectus in relation to certain current relevant aspects 
to Portuguese taxation of the Notes and is subject to changes in such laws, including changes that 
could have a retroactive effect. Potentially applicable transitional rules have not been considered. 
The following summary is intended as a general guide only and is not exhaustive. It is not intended 
to be, nor should it be considered to be, legal or tax advice to any holder of Notes. It neither takes 
into account nor discusses investors' individual circumstances or the tax laws of any country other 
than Portugal, and it relates only to the position of persons who are absolute beneficial owners of the 
Notes. Prospective investors are advised to consult their own tax advisers as to the Portuguese or 
other tax consequences of the purchase, ownership and disposal of Notes. Tax consequences may 
differ according to the provisions of different double taxation treaties, as well as according to a 
prospective investor's particular circumstances. 
References to "interest", "other investment income" and "capital gains" in the paragraphs below mean 
"interest", "other investment income" and "capital gains" as understood in Portuguese tax law. The 
statements below do not take into account different definitions of "interest", "other investment income" or 
"capital gains" which may prevail under any other law or which may be created by the Terms and 
Conditions or any related documentation. 
Economic benefits derived from interest, accrued interest, amortisation or reimbursement premiums and 
other instances of remuneration arising from the Notes are designated as investment income for Portuguese 
tax purposes. 
Gains obtained with the repayment of Notes or of any other debt securities are qualified as capital gains for 
Portuguese tax purposes. 
Portuguese resident holders and non-resident holders with a Portuguese permanent establishment 
Interest and other types of investment income obtained on Notes by a Portuguese resident individual is 
subject to withholding tax at 28%, which, if such income is not earned as business or professional income, 
is the final tax on that income unless the individual elects to include it in his/her taxable income, subject to 
tax at progressive rates of up to 53%. 
Gains obtained on the disposal or the refund of the Notes by an individual resident in Portugal for tax 
purposes are subject to Portuguese capital gains taxation on the (annual) positive difference between capital 
gains and capital losses arising from the transfer for consideration of shares and other securities. From 1 
January 2023 onwards, gains and losses on the transfer for consideration of crypto assets that do not qualify 
as securities will also be included on the computation of the annual positive difference subject to taxation. 
Tax applies at 28%, which is the final tax on that income, unless the individual elects to include it in his/her 
taxable income, subject to tax at progressive rates of up to 53%. 
From 1 January 2023 onwards, the positive balance between capital gains and capital losses arising from 
the transfer for consideration of shares and other securities, which includes gains obtained on the disposal 
or the refund of the Notes, is obligatorily accumulated and taxed at progressive rates if the assets have been 
held for less than 365 days and the taxable income of the taxpayer, including the balance of the capital gains 
and capital losses, amounts to or exceeds EUR 78,834.

--- Page 502 ---
TAXATION 
 
- 487 - 
 
 
Stamp tax at 10% applies to the acquisition through gift or inheritance of Notes by an individual who is 
domiciled in Portugal. An exemption applies to transfers in favour of the spouse (or person living together 
as spouse), descendants and parents/grandparents. 
Interest or other investment income derived from the Notes and capital gains realised with the transfer of 
the Notes by legal persons resident for tax purposes in Portugal and by non-resident legal persons with a 
permanent establishment in Portugal to which the income or gains are attributable are included in their 
taxable profits and are subject to Portuguese corporate tax at 21% or 17% on the first EUR 25,000 in the 
case of small and medium sized enterprises (from 1 January 2023 onwards, this rate of 17% will apply on 
the first EUR 50,000 in the case of small and medium-sized enterprises and Small Mid Cap enterprises) 
and may be subject to a municipal surcharge ("derrama municipal") of up to 1.5%. A state surcharge 
("derrama estadual") also applies at 3% on taxable profits in excess of EUR 1,500,000 and up to 
EUR 7,500,000, and at 5% on taxable profits in excess of EUR 7,500,000 up to EUR 35,000,000, and at 
9% on taxable profits in excess of EUR 35,000,000. 
Withholding tax at 25% applies to interest and other investment income, which is deemed a payment on 
account of the final tax due. The withholding (and final) tax rate is 21% in the case of entities benefiting 
from a tax exemption under Articles 9 and 10 of the corporate tax code that does not apply to investment 
income and in the case of entities not carrying on an activity of a commercial, industrial or agricultural 
nature. 
Financial institutions, pension funds, retirement saving funds, venture capital funds, collective investment 
undertakings and some exempt entities, among other entities, are not subject to withholding tax. 
Interest and other investment income paid or made available ("colocado à disposição") to accounts in the 
name of one or more accountholders acting on behalf of undisclosed entities is subject to a final withholding 
tax at 35%, unless the beneficial owner of the income is disclosed, in which case the general rules will 
apply. 
The acquisition of Notes through gift or inheritance by a Portuguese resident legal person or a non-resident 
acting through a Portuguese permanent establishment is subject to Portuguese corporate tax at 21%, or 17% 
on the first EUR 25,000 in the case of small and medium-sized enterprises (from 1 January 2023 onwards, 
this rate of 17% will apply on the first EUR 50,000 in the case of small and medium-sized enterprises and 
Small Mid Cap enterprises). A municipal surcharge ("derrama municipal") of up to 1.5% may also be due. 
A state surcharge ("derrama estadual") also applies at 3% on taxable profits in excess of EUR 1,500,000 
and up to EUR 7,500,000, and at 5% on taxable profits in excess of EUR 7,500,000 up to EUR 35,000,000, 
and at 9% on taxable profits in excess of EUR 35,000,000. 
There is no wealth nor estate tax in Portugal. 
Non-resident holders without a Portuguese permanent establishment – General rules 
Interest and other types of investment income obtained by non-resident holders without a Portuguese 
permanent establishment to which the income is attributable is subject to withholding tax at 28% 
(individuals) or 25% (legal persons), which is the final tax on that income. The withholding tax rate is 35% 
in the case of individuals or legal persons domiciled in a country, territory or region included in the "tax 
havens" list approved by Ministerial Order No. 150/2004, of 13 February 2004, as amended from time to 
time (hereafter "Ministerial Order No. 150/2004"). 
Interest and other investment income paid or made available ("colocado à disposição") to accounts in the 
name of one or more accountholders acting on behalf of undisclosed entities is subject to a final withholding 
tax at 35%, unless the beneficial owner of the income is disclosed, in which case the general rules will 
apply. 
Under the tax treaties entered into by Portugal, the withholding tax rate may be reduced to 15%, 12%, 10% 
or 5%, depending on the applicable treaty and provided that the relevant formalities are met. These 
formalities include the certification, through a document issued by the competent tax authorities, of the 
residence of the beneficial owners of the interest and other investment income in the periods concerned, as 
well as the certification that they are subject to taxation. The reduction may apply at source or through the 
refund of the excess tax. The standard forms currently applicable for these purposes, to be presented with 
the document issued by the competent tax authorities, were approved by Order ("Despacho") No.

--- Page 503 ---
TAXATION 
 
- 488 - 
 
 
8363/2020, of 31 August 2020 (second series), published in the Portuguese official gazette, second series, 
No. 169, of 31 August 2020, of the Portuguese Secretary of State for tax affairs and may be available for 
viewing and downloading at www.portaldasfinancas.gov.pt. 
Interest paid to an associated company of the Bank which is resident in the European Union is exempt from 
withholding tax. 
For these purposes, an "associated company of the Bank" is: 
(i) 
a company which is subject to one of the taxes on profits listed in Article 3(a)(iii) of Council 
Directive 2003/49/EC without being exempt, which takes one of the forms listed in the Annex to 
that Directive, which is considered to be resident in a Member State of the European Union and is 
not, within the meaning of a double taxation convention on income concluded with a third state, 
considered to be resident for tax purposes outside the European Community; and 
(ii) 
which holds a minimum direct holding of 25% in capital of the Bank, or is directly held by the 
Bank in at least 25% or which is directly held in at least 25% by a company which also holds at 
least 25% of the capital of the Bank; and 
(iii) 
provided that the holding has been maintained for an uninterrupted period of at least two years. 
If the minimum holding period is met after the date the withholding tax becomes due, a refund may 
be obtained. 
The associated company of the Bank to which payments are made must be the beneficial owner of the 
interest, which will be the case if it receives the interest for its own benefit and not as an intermediary, 
either as a representative, a trustee or authorised signatory, for some other person. 
Interest paid to an associated company of the Bank which is resident in Switzerland is also exempt from 
withholding tax under the conditions described above for associated companies resident in the European 
Union. 
Capital gains obtained on the disposal or the refund of the Notes by an individual non-resident in Portugal 
for tax purposes are subject to Portuguese capital gains taxation on the (annual) positive difference between 
such gains and gains on other securities and losses in securities. Tax applies at 28%. An exemption applies 
to non-resident individuals, unless they are resident in a country, territory or region included in Ministerial 
Order No. 150/2004. Under the tax treaties entered into by Portugal, such gains are usually not subject to 
Portuguese tax, but the applicable rules should be confirmed on a case by case basis. 
Gains obtained on the disposal or the refund of Notes by a legal person non-resident in Portugal for tax 
purposes and without a permanent establishment in Portugal to which gains are attributable are exempt 
from Portuguese capital gains taxation, unless the share capital of the holder is (a) more than 25% directly 
or indirectly, held by Portuguese resident entities or (b) if the holder is resident in a country, territory or 
region subject to a clearly more favourable tax regime included in Ministerial Order No. 150/2004. If the 
exemption does not apply, the gains will be subject to tax at 25%. Under the tax treaties entered into by 
Portugal, such gains are usually not subject to Portuguese tax, but the applicable rules should be confirmed 
on a case by case basis. 
No stamp tax applies to the acquisition through gift and inheritance of Notes by an individual who is not 
domiciled in Portugal. 
The acquisition of Notes through gift or inheritance by a non-resident legal person is subject to corporate 
tax at 25%. Under the tax treaties entered into by Portugal, such gains are usually not subject to Portuguese 
tax, but the applicable rules should be confirmed on a case-by-case basis. 
There is neither wealth nor estate tax in Portugal. 
Notes held through a centralised control system 
The regime described above corresponds to the general tax treatment of investment income and capital 
gains on the Notes and to the acquisition through gift or inheritance of such Notes.

--- Page 504 ---
TAXATION 
 
- 489 - 
 
 
Nevertheless, pursuant to the Special Taxation Regime for Debt Securities approved by Decree-law No. 
193/2005, of 7 November 2005, as amended from time to time (hereafter "the special regime approved 
by Decree-Law No. 193/2005"), investment income and gains on the disposal or the refund of debt 
securities issued by Portuguese resident entities, such as the Notes, may be exempt from Portuguese income 
tax, provided that the debt securities are integrated in a centralised system managed by Portuguese resident 
entities (such as the Central de Valores Mobiliários, managed by Interbolsa), by other European Union or 
EEA entities that manage international clearing systems (in the latter case if there is administrative co-
operation for tax purposes with the relevant country which is equivalent to that in place within the European 
Union), or, when authorised by the member of the government in charge of finance (currently the Finance 
Minister), in other centralised systems and: 
(i) 
the beneficial owners have no residence, head office, effective management or permanent 
establishment in the Portuguese territory to which the income is attributable; and 
(ii) 
the beneficial owners are central banks and government agencies, international organisations 
recognised by the Portuguese state, residents in a country or jurisdiction with which Portugal has 
entered into a double tax treaty or a tax information exchange agreement in force or other non–
resident entities which are not domiciled in a country, territory or region subject to a clearly more 
favourable tax regime included in Ministerial Order No. 150/2004. 
The special regime approved by Decree-law No. 193/2005 sets out the detailed rules and procedures to be 
followed on the proof of non-residence by the holders of Notes to which it applies. 
Under these rules, the direct register entity is to obtain and keep proof, in the form described below, that 
the beneficial owner is a non-resident entity that is entitled to the exemption. As a general rule, the proof 
of non residence by the holders of the Notes should be provided to, and received by, the direct register 
entities prior to the relevant date for payment of any interest, or the redemption date (for Zero Coupon 
Notes), and, in the case of domestically cleared Notes, prior to the transfer of Notes, as the case may be. 
For the avoidance of doubt it is envisaged that the Notes will be integrated in a centralised system managed 
by a Portuguese domestic entity (Interbolsa). 
The following is a general description of the rules and procedures on the proof required for the exemption 
to apply at source, as they stand on the date of this Base Prospectus. 
(a) 
Domestically Cleared Notes 
The beneficial owner of Notes must provide proof of non-residence in Portuguese territory 
substantially in the terms set forth below. 
(i) 
If a holder of Notes is a central bank, a public law entity or agency or an international organisation 
recognised by the Portuguese state, a declaration of tax residence issued by the holder of Notes, 
duly signed and authenticated or proof pursuant to sub-paragraph (iv) below; 
(ii) 
If the beneficial owner of Notes is a credit institution, a financial company, pension fund or an 
insurance company domiciled in any OECD country or in a country or jurisdiction with which 
Portugal has entered into a double taxation treaty, and is subject to a special supervision regime or 
administrative registration, certification shall be made by means of the following: (A) its tax 
identification; or (B) a certificate issued by the entity responsible for such supervision or 
registration or by the tax authorities confirming the legal existence of the holder of Notes and its 
domicile; or (C) proof of non-residence, pursuant to the terms of sub-paragraph (iv) below; 
(iii) 
If the beneficial owner of Notes is either an investment fund or other type of collective investment 
undertaking domiciled in any OECD country or any country or jurisdiction with which Portugal 
has entered into a double tax treaty or a tax information exchange agreement in force, certification 
shall be provided by means of any of the following documents: (A) declaration issued by the entity 
which is responsible for its registration or supervision or by the tax authorities, confirming its legal 
existence and the law of incorporation; or (B) proof of non-residence pursuant to the terms of sub-
paragraph (d) below; 
(iv) 
In any other case, confirmation must be made by way of (A) a certificate of residence or equivalent 
document issued by the relevant tax authorities, or (B) a document issued by the relevant

--- Page 505 ---
TAXATION 
 
- 490 - 
 
 
Portuguese consulate certifying residence abroad, or (C) a document specifically issued by an 
official entity of the public administration (either central, regional or peripheral, indirect or 
autonomous) of the relevant country certifying the residence; for these purposes, an identification 
document such as a passport or an identity card or document by means of which it is only indirectly 
possible to assume the relevant tax residence (such as a work or permanent residency permit) is 
not acceptable. 
There are rules on the authenticity and validity of the documents mentioned in sub-paragraph (iv) 
above, in particular that the holder of Notes must provide an original or a certified copy of the 
residence certificate or equivalent document. This document must be issued up to until three 
months after the date on which the withholding tax would have been applied and will be valid for 
a 3-year period starting on the date such document is issued. The holder of Notes must inform the 
register entity immediately of any change that may preclude the tax exemption from applying. 
In what concerns the documents mentioned in sub-paragraphs (i) to (iii) above, proof of non-
residence is required only once, the beneficial owner having to inform the register entity of any 
changes that impact the entitlement to the exemption. 
(b) 
Internationally Cleared Notes 
If the Notes are registered in an account with an international clearing system, prior to the relevant 
date for payment of any interest or the redemption date (for Zero Coupon Notes), the entity 
managing such system is to provide to the direct register entity or its representative the 
identification and number of securities, as well as the income and, when applicable, the tax 
withheld, itemised by type of beneficial owner, as follows: 
(i) 
Portuguese resident entities or permanent establishments of non-resident entities to which the 
income is attributable which are not exempt from tax and are subject to withholding tax; 
(ii) 
Entities domiciled in a country, territory or region subject to a clearly more favourable tax regime 
included in Ministerial Order No. 150/2004 which are not exempt from tax and are subject to 
withholding tax; 
(iii) 
Portuguese resident entities or permanent establishments of non-resident entities to which the 
income is attributable which are exempt from tax and are not subject to withholding tax; 
(iv) 
Other non-Portuguese resident entities. 
In addition, the international clearing system managing entity is to provide to the direct register entity in 
relation to each income payment, at least the following information concerning each of the beneficiaries 
mentioned in items (i), (ii) and (iii) above: name and address, tax identification number, if applicable, 
identification of the securities held and amount thereof and amount of income. 
No Portuguese exemption shall apply at source under the special regime approved by Decree-Law No. 
193/2005 if the above rules and procedures are not followed. Accordingly, the general Portuguese tax 
provisions shall apply as described above. 
If the conditions for an exemption to apply are met, but, due to inaccurate or insufficient information, tax 
is withheld, a special refund procedure is available under the regime approved by Decree-Law No. 
193/2005. The refund claim is to be submitted to the direct or indirect register entity of the Notes within 
six months from the date the withholding took place. 
The refund of withholding tax, in other circumstances or after the above 6 months period is to be claimed 
to the Portuguese Tax Authorities within 2 years from the end of the year in which tax was withheld. The 
refund is to be made within 3 months, after which interest is due. 
The forms currently applicable for the above purposes were approved by Order ("Despacho") No. 
2937/2014 of the Portuguese Secretary of State for Tax Affairs, published in the Portuguese official gazette, 
second series, No. 37, of 21 February 2014 and may be available for viewing and downloading at 
www.portaldasfinancas.gov.pt.

--- Page 506 ---
TAXATION 
 
- 491 - 
 
 
Irish Taxation 
The following is a summary of the Irish withholding tax treatment of the Notes. It is based on the laws 
and practice of the Revenue Commissioners of Ireland currently in force in Ireland as at the date of this 
Base Prospectus and may be subject to change. The summary does not purport to be a comprehensive 
description of all of the Irish tax considerations that may be relevant to a decision to purchase, own or 
dispose of the Notes. The summary does not constitute tax or legal advice and the comments below are 
of a general nature only and it does not discuss all aspects of Irish taxation that may be relevant to any 
particular holder of Notes. Prospective investors in the Notes should consult their professional advisers 
on the tax implications of the purchase, holding, redemption or sale of the Notes and the receipt of 
payments thereon under any laws applicable to them. 
(a) 
Withholding Tax 
In general, tax at the standard rate of income tax (currently 20%), is required to be withheld from 
payments of Irish source income. The Issuer will not be obliged to withhold Irish income tax from 
payments of interest on the Notes so long as such payments do not constitute Irish source income. 
Interest paid on the Notes should not be treated as having an Irish source unless: 
 
The Issuer is resident in Ireland for tax purposes; or 
 
the Issuer has a branch or permanent establishment in Ireland, the assets or income of 
which is used to fund the payments on the Notes; or 
 
the Issuer is not resident in Ireland for tax purposes but the register for the Notes is 
maintained in Ireland or (if the Notes are in bearer form) the Notes are physically held in 
Ireland. 
It is anticipated that, (A) the Issuer is not and will not be resident in Ireland for tax purposes; (B) 
the Issuer will not have a branch or permanent establishment in Ireland; (C) that bearer Notes will 
not be physically located in Ireland; and (D) the Issuer will not maintain a register of any registered 
Notes in Ireland. 
In any event, an exemption from withholding on interest payments exists under Section 64 of the 
Taxes Consolidation Act 1997 of Ireland for certain interest bearing securities ("quoted 
Eurobonds") issued by a body corporate (such as the Issuer) which are quoted on a recognised 
stock exchange (which would include Euronext Dublin). 
Any interest paid on such quoted Eurobonds can be paid free of withholding tax provided: 
(I) 
the person by or through whom the payment is made is not in Ireland; or 
(II) 
the payment is made by or through a person in Ireland, and either: 
(1) 
the quoted Eurobond is held in a clearing system recognised by the Irish Revenue 
Commissioners (Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg are so recognised), or 
(2) 
the person who is the beneficial owner of the quoted Eurobond and who is 
beneficially entitled to the interest is not resident in Ireland and has made a 
declaration to a relevant person (such as an Irish paying agent) in the prescribed 
form. 
So long as the Notes are quoted on a recognised stock exchange and are held in Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, interest on the Notes can be paid by the Issuer and any paying agent 
acting on behalf of the Issuer without any withholding or deduction for or on account of Irish 
income tax. 
(b) 
Taxation of Noteholders 
Notwithstanding that a Noteholder may receive interest on the Notes free of withholding tax, the 
Noteholder may still be liable to pay Irish income or corporation tax (and, in the case of individuals, 
the universal social charge) on such interest if (i) such interest has an Irish source (as discussed in

--- Page 507 ---
TAXATION 
 
- 492 - 
 
 
"Withholding Tax" above), (ii) the Noteholder is resident or (in the case of a person other than a 
body corporate) ordinarily resident in Ireland for tax purposes (in which case there would also be 
a social insurance (PRSI) liability for an individual in receipt of interest on the Notes) or (iii) the 
Notes are attributed to a branch or agency in Ireland. 
However, interest on the Notes will be exempt from Irish income tax if the recipient of the interest 
is resident in a relevant territory (a member state of the European Union (other than Ireland) or in 
a country with which Ireland has a comprehensive double taxation agreement) provided either (A) 
the Notes are quoted Eurobonds and are exempt from withholding tax as set out above, or (B) if 
the Notes are not or cease to be quoted Eurobonds exempt from withholding tax and the recipient 
of the interest is a company resident in a relevant territory that generally taxes foreign source 
interest. 
Ireland operates a self-assessment system in respect of income and corporation tax and each person 
must assess its own liability to Irish tax. 
(c) 
Withholding of Irish Encashment Tax 
Payments on any Notes paid by a paying agent in Ireland or collected or realised by an agent in 
Ireland acting on behalf of the beneficial owner of Notes will be subject to Irish encashment tax at 
the standard rate of Irish tax (currently 25%), unless it is proved, on a claim made in the required 
manner to the Revenue Commissioners of Ireland, that the beneficial owner of the Notes entitled 
to the interest or distribution is not resident in Ireland for the purposes of Irish tax and such interest 
or distribution is not deemed, under the provisions of Irish tax legislation, to be income of another 
person that is resident in Ireland. 
Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act 
Sections 1471 through 1474 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 ("FATCA") impose a reporting 
regime and, potentially, a 30% withholding tax with respect to: (i) certain payments from sources within 
the United States, (ii) "foreign passthru payments" made to certain non-U.S. financial institutions that do 
not comply with this new reporting regime, and (iii) payments to certain investors that do not provide 
identification information with respect to interests issued by a participating non-U.S. financial institution. 
FATCA may affect payments made to custodians or intermediaries in the subsequent payment chain leading 
to the ultimate investor if any such custodian or intermediary generally is unable to receive payments free 
of FATCA withholding. It may also affect payment to any ultimate investor that fails to provide its broker 
(or other custodian or intermediary from which it receives payment) with any information, forms, other 
documentation or consents that may be necessary for the payments to be made free of FATCA withholding. 
Investors should choose the custodians or intermediaries with care (to ensure each is compliant with 
FATCA or other laws or agreements related to FATCA) and provide each custodian or intermediary with 
any information, forms, other documentation or consents that may be necessary for such custodian or 
intermediary to make a payment free of FATCA withholding. Investors should consult their own tax advisor 
to obtain a more detailed explanation of FATCA and how FATCA may affect them. The Issuer's obligations 
under the Notes are discharged once it has made payment via the Interbolsa system and the Issuer therefore 
has no responsibility for any amount thereafter transmitted through Euroclear and Clearstream Luxembourg 
or Interbolsa and custodians or intermediaries. Further, foreign financial institutions in a jurisdiction which 
has entered into an intergovernmental agreement with the United States (an "IGA") are generally not 
expected to be required to withhold under FATCA or an IGA (or any law implementing an IGA) from 
payments they make. 
Portugal signed an IGA with the United States on 6 August 2015 and has implemented through Law no. 
82-B/2014, of 31 December 2014 (as amended), the legal framework based on the reciprocal exchange of 
information with the United States on financial accounts subject to disclosure. The IGA entered into force 
in 10 August 2016, and through Decree-Law No. 64/2016, of 11 October 2016, amended by Law No. 
98/2017, of 24 August 2017 and Law No. 17/2019 of 14 February 2019, the Portuguese government 
approved the regulation required to comply with FATCA. Under this legislation, the Issuer is required to 
obtain information regarding certain accountholders and report such information to the Portuguese Tax 
Authorities, which, in turn, will report such information to the U.S. Internal Revenue Service. The exchange 
of information shall be made by 31 July of each year comprising the information gathered respecting the 
previous year.

--- Page 508 ---
TAXATION 
 
- 493 - 
 
 
Holders should consult their own tax advisers regarding how these rules may apply to their investment in 
Notes. In the event any withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to 
payments on the Notes, no person will be required to pay additional amounts as a result of the withholding. 
Hiring Incentives to Restore Employment Act 
The U.S. Hiring Incentives to Restore Employment Act introduced Section 871(m) of the U.S. Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986, which treats a "dividend equivalent" payment as a dividend from sources within 
the United States. Under Section 871(m), such payments generally would be subject to a 30% U.S. 
withholding tax that may be reduced by an applicable tax treaty, eligible for credit against other U.S. tax 
liabilities or refunded, provided that the beneficial owner timely claims a credit or refund from the U.S. 
Internal Revenue Service ("IRS"). A "dividend equivalent" payment is (i) a substitute dividend payment 
made pursuant to a securities lending or a sale-repurchase transaction that (directly or indirectly) is 
contingent upon, or determined by reference to, the payment of a dividend from sources within the United 
States, (ii) a payment made pursuant to a "specified notional principal contract" that (directly or indirectly) 
is contingent upon, or determined by reference to, the payment of a dividend from sources within the United 
States, and (iii) any other payment determined by the IRS to be substantially similar to a payment described 
in (i) or (ii). The final U.S. Treasury regulations issued under Section 871(m) and applicable guidance (the 
"Section 871(m) Regulations") require withholding on certain non-U.S. holders of the Notes with respect 
to amounts treated as attributable to dividends from certain U.S. securities. Under the Section 871(m) 
Regulations, only a Note that has an expected economic return sufficiently similar to that of the underlying 
U.S. security, based on tests set forth in the Section 871(m) Regulations, will be subject to the Section 
871(m) withholding regime (making such Note a "Specified Note"). The Section 871(m) Regulations 
provide certain exceptions to this withholding requirement, in particular for instruments linked to certain 
broad-based indices. 
Withholding in respect of dividend equivalents will generally be required when cash payments are made 
on a Specified Note or upon the date of maturity, lapse or other disposition by the non-U.S. holder of the 
Specified Note. If the underlying U.S. security or securities are expected to pay dividends during the term 
of the Specified Note, withholding generally will still be required even if the Specified Note does not 
provide for payments explicitly linked to dividends. Additionally, the Issuer may withhold the full 30% tax 
on any payment on the Notes in respect of any dividend equivalent arising with respect to such Notes 
regardless of any exemption from, or reduction in, such withholding otherwise available under applicable 
law (including, for the avoidance of doubt, where a non-U.S. holder is eligible for a reduced tax rate under 
an applicable tax treaty with the United States). A non-U.S. holder may be able to claim a refund of any 
excess withholding provided the required information is timely furnished to the IRS. Refund claims are 
subject to U.S. tax law requirements and there can be no assurance that a particular refund claim will be 
timely paid or paid at all. If the Issuer or any withholding agent determines that withholding is required, 
neither the Issuer nor any withholding agent will be required to pay any additional amounts with respect to 
amounts so withheld. 
In addition, payments on the Specified Notes may be calculated by reference to dividends on underlying 
U.S. securities that are reinvested at a rate of 70%.  In such case, in calculating the relevant payment amount, 
the holder will be deemed to receive, and the Issuer will be deemed to withhold, 30% of any "dividend 
equivalent" payments (as defined in Section 871(m) of the Code) in respect of the relevant U.S. securities. 
The Issuer will not pay any additional amounts to the holder on account of the Section 871(m) amount 
deemed withheld. 
The applicable Issue Terms will indicate whether the Issuer has determined that the applicable Notes are 
Specified Notes and will specify contact details for obtaining additional information regarding the 
application of Section 871(m) to the Notes. If the Notes are Specified Notes, a non-U.S. holder of such 
Notes should expect to be subject to withholding in respect of any dividend-paying U.S. securities 
underlying those Notes. The Issuer's determination is binding on non-U.S. holders of the Notes, but it is not 
binding on the IRS. The Section 871(m) Regulations require complex calculations to be made with respect 
to Notes linked to U.S. securities and their application to a specific issue of Notes may be uncertain.

--- Page 509 ---
TAXATION 
 
- 494 - 
 
 
Prospective investors should consult their tax advisers regarding the potential application of Section 871(m) 
to the Notes. 
The proposed financial transactions tax ("FTT") 
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission published a proposal (the "Commission's Proposal") for 
a Directive for a FTT in Belgium, Germany, Greece, Spain, France, Italy, Austria, Portugal, Slovenia, 
Slovakia (the "participating Member States") and Estonia. However, Estonia has since stated that it will 
not participate. 
Currently, after the withdrawal of the Republic of Estonia as a Member State wishing to participate in the 
establishment of the enhanced cooperation, ten countries are participating in the negotiations on the 
proposed directive. At the working party meeting of 7 May 2019, participating Member States indicated 
that they were discussing the option of an FTT based on the French model of the tax, and the possible 
mutualisation of the revenues among the participating member states as a contribution to the EU budget. 
The FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between the participating Member States. It may therefore 
be altered prior to any implementation, the timing of which remains unclear. Additional European Union 
Member States may decide to participate. Prospective holders of Notes are advised to seek their own 
professional advice in relation to the FTT. 
Administrative co-operation in the field of taxation – Common Reporting Standard 
Council Directive 2011/16/EU, as amended by Council Directive 2014/107/EU, of 9 December 2014, 
introduced the automatic exchange of information in the field of taxation concerning bank accounts and is 
in accordance with the Global Standard released by the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and 
Development in July 2014 (the Common Reporting Standard). 
Portugal has implemented Directive 2011/16/EU through Decree-Law No. 61/2013, of 10 May 2013, as 
amended by Decree-Law No. 64/2016, of 11 October 2016, Law No. 98/2017, of 24 August 2017, and Law 
No. 17/2019, of 14 February 2019. 
The Council Directive 2014/107/EU, of 9 December 2014, regarding the mandatory automatic exchange 
of information in the field of taxation was also transposed into the Portuguese law through the Decree-Law 
No. 64/2016, of 11 October 2016, as amended, Law No. 98/2017, of 24 August 2017, and Law No. 17/2019, 
of 14 February 2019. Under such law, the Issuer is required to collect information regarding certain 
accountholders and report such information to Portuguese Tax Authorities – which, in turn, will report such 
information to the relevant tax authorities of EU Member States or third States which have signed the 
Multilateral Competent Authority Agreement on Automatic Exchange of Financial Account Information 
for the Common Reporting Standard. Law no. 17/2019, of 14 February 2019 introduced the regime for the 
automatic exchange of financial information to be carried out by financial institutions to the Portuguese 
Tax Authority (until July 31, with reference to the previous year) with respect to accounts held by holders 
or beneficiaries resident in the Portuguese territory with a balance or value that exceeds EUR 50,000 
(assessed at the end of each civil year). This regime covers information related to years 2018 and following 
years. 
Under Council Directive 2014/107/EU, of 9 December 2014, financial institutions are required to report to 
the tax authorities of their respective Member State (for the exchange of information with the state of 
residence) information regarding bank accounts, including custodial accounts, held by individual persons 
residing in a different Member State or entities which are controlled by one or more individual persons 
residing in a different Member State, after having applied the due diligence rules foreseen in the Directive. 
The information refers to the account balance at the end of the calendar year, income paid or credited in the 
account and the proceeds from the sale or redemption of the financial assets paid or credited in the account 
during the calendar year to which the financial institution acted as custodian, broker, nominee, or otherwise 
as an agent for the account holder, among others. 
In view of the regime enacted by Decree-Law No. 64/2016, of 11 October 2016, which was amended by 
Law No. 98/2017, of 24 August 2017, and Law No. 17/2019, of 14 February 2019, all information regarding 
the registration of the financial institution, the procedures to comply with the reporting obligations arising 
thereof and the applicable forms were approved by Ministerial Order ("Portaria") No. 302-B/2016, of 2 
December 2016, as amended by Ministerial Order ("Portaria") No. 282/2018, of 19 October 2018,

--- Page 510 ---
TAXATION 
 
- 495 - 
 
 
Ministerial Order ("Portaria") No. 302-C/2016, of 2 December 2016, Ministerial Order ("Portaria") No. 
302-D/2016, of 2 December 2016, as amended by Ministerial Order ("Portaria") No. 255/2017, of 14 
August 2017, and by Ministerial Order ("Portaria") No. 58/2018, of 27 February 2018, and Ministerial 
Order ("Portaria") No. 302-E/2016, of 2 December 2016. 
Administrative co-operation in the field of taxation – Mandatory Disclosure Rules  
 
Council Directive 2011/16/EU, as amended by Council Directive (EU) 2018/822 of 25 May, introduced 
the automatic exchange of tax information concerning the cross-border mechanisms to be reported to the 
tax authorities, in order to ensure a better operation of the EU market by discouraging the use of aggressive 
cross-border tax planning arrangements. 
Under Council Directive (EU) 2018/822 of 25 May, the intermediaries or the relevant taxpayers are subject 
to the obligation to communicate cross-border tax planning arrangements’ information to the tax authorities 
of EU Member States, according to certain hallmarks indicating a potential risk of tax avoidance. 
Portugal implemented Council Directive (EU) 2018/822 of 25 May through Law No. 26/2020, of 21 July, 
and Decree-Law No. 53/2020, of 11 August, with the following features: 
 
Reportable arrangements include cross-border and purely domestic arrangements, but 
generic hallmarks linked to the main benefit test are not relevant in case of purely domestic 
arrangements. 
 
The main benefit test is only satisfied if the obtaining of a tax advantage, beyond a 
reasonable doubt, is the main benefit or one of the main benefits which, having regard to 
all relevant facts and circumstances, a person may reasonably expect to derive from an 
arrangement. 
 
Tax advantage is defined as any reduction, elimination or tax deferral, including the use 
of tax losses or the granting of tax benefits that would not be granted fully or partially, 
without the use of the mechanism. 
 
In case any professional privilege or confidentiality clauses apply, the reporting 
obligations are shifted to the relevant taxpayer; however, in case the relevant taxpayer 
does not comply with this obligation, the reporting obligation is then shifted again to the 
intermediary. 
The deadlines to file information to the Portuguese Tax Authorities are as follows: 
 
The standard 30-day reporting period, as well as the period of 5 days to inform the taxpayer 
in case any professional privilege or confidentiality clauses applies to the intermediary, 
begin on 1 January 2021. 
 
Reportable cross-border arrangements which first step was implemented between 25 June 
2018 and 30 June 2020 – to be filed by 28 February 2021. 
 
Reportable domestic or cross-border arrangements made available for implementation or 
ready for implementation, or where the first step in its implementation has been made 
between 1 July 2020 and 31 December 2020 - the period of 30 days for filing information 
and the period of 5 days to inform the taxpayer begin on 1 January 2021. 
 
The deadline for the first periodic reporting of domestic and cross-border marketable 
arrangements is 30 April 2021. The applicable form (Model 58) to comply with the 
reporting obligations to the Portuguese Tax Authority was approved by Ministerial Order 
no. 304/2020, of 29 December.

--- Page 511 ---
CLEARING AND SETTLEMENT 
 
- 496 - 
 
 
CLEARING AND SETTLEMENT 
The information set out below is subject to any change in or reinterpretation of the rules, regulations and 
procedures of Clearstream, Luxembourg, Euroclear or Interbolsa (together, the "Clearing Systems") 
currently in effect. To the best of the knowledge of the Bank (having taken all reasonable care to ensure 
that such is the case), the information in this section concerning Interbolsa is correct as of the date of this 
Base Prospectus. The information in this section concerning the Clearing Systems has been obtained from 
sources that the Issuer believes to be reliable, but neither the Arranger nor any of the Dealers takes any 
responsibility for the accuracy thereof. Investors wishing to use the facilities of any of the Clearing Systems 
are advised to confirm the continued applicability of the rules, regulations and procedures of the relevant 
Clearing System. None of the Issuer, any agent party to the Agency Terms, the Arranger or any of the 
Dealers will have any responsibility or liability for any aspect of the records relating to or payments made 
on account of beneficial ownership interests in the Notes held through the facilities of any Clearing System 
or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records relating to such beneficial ownership interests. 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg each holds securities for its customers and facilitates the clearance 
and settlement of securities transactions by electronic book entry transfer between their respective 
accountholders. Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg provide various services including safekeeping, 
administration, clearance and settlement of internationally traded securities and securities lending and 
borrowing. Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg also deal with domestic securities markets in several 
countries through established depositary and custodial relationships. Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg have established an electronic bridge between their two systems across which their respective 
participants may settle trades with each other. 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg customers are worldwide financial institutions, including 
underwriters, securities brokers and dealers, banks, trust companies and clearing corporations. Indirect 
access to Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg is available to other institutions that clear through or 
maintain a custodial relationship with an accountholder of either system. 
Book Entry Notes Held Through Interbolsa 
General 
Interbolsa holds security through a centralised system ("sistema centralizado") composed by interconnected 
securities accounts, through which such securities (and inherent rights) are held and transferred, and which 
allows Interbolsa to control at all times the amount of securities so held and transferred. 
The centralised securities system of Interbolsa provides for all procedures required for the exercise of 
ownership rights inherent to the Book Entry Notes. 
In relation to each issue of securities, Interbolsa's centralised system comprises, inter alia, (i) the issue 
account, opened by the Issuer in the centralised system and which reflects the full amount of issued 
securities; and (ii) the control accounts opened by each of the financial intermediaries which participate in 
Interbolsa's centralised system, and which reflect the securities held by such participant on behalf of its 
customers in accordance with its individual securities accounts. 
Book Entry Notes held through Interbolsa will be attributed an International Securities Identification 
Number code ("ISIN"), a common code, a Classification of Financial Instruments code ("CFI") and a 
Financial Instrument Short Name code ("FISN"). These Book Entry Notes will be accepted and registered 
with Central de Valores Mobiliários, the centralised securities system managed and operated by Interbolsa 
and settled by Interbolsa's settlement system. 
Form of the Book Entry Notes held through Interbolsa 
The Book Entry Notes of each Series will be in book entry form and title to the Book Entry Notes will be 
evidenced by book entries in accordance with the provisions of the Portuguese Securities Code and the 
applicable CMVM and Interbolsa regulations. No physical document of title will be issued in respect of 
Book Entry Notes held through Interbolsa.

--- Page 512 ---
CLEARING AND SETTLEMENT 
 
- 497 - 
 
 
The Book Entry Notes of each Series will be registered in the relevant issue account opened by the Issuer 
with Interbolsa and will be held in control accounts by each Interbolsa Participant (as defined below) on 
behalf of the holders of the Book Entry Notes. Such control accounts reflect at all times the aggregate of 
Book Entry Notes held in the individual securities accounts opened by the holders of the Book Entry Notes 
with each of the Interbolsa Participants. The expression "Interbolsa Participant" means any authorised 
financial intermediary entitled to hold control accounts with Interbolsa on behalf of their customers and 
includes any depositary banks appointed by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg for the purpose of 
holding accounts on behalf of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Each person shown in the records of an Interbolsa Participant as having an interest in Book Entry Notes 
shall be treated as the holder of the principal amount of the Book Entry Notes recorded therein. 
Payment of principal and interest in respect of Book Entry Notes held through Interbolsa 
Whilst the Book Entry Notes are held through Interbolsa, payment of principal and interest in respect of 
the Book Entry Notes will be (i) credited, according to the procedures and regulations of Interbolsa, by the 
relevant Paying Agent (acting on behalf of the Issuer) to the accounts used by the Interbolsa Participants 
for payments in respect of securities held through Interbolsa and thereafter (ii) credited by such Interbolsa 
Participants from the aforementioned accounts to the accounts of the owners of those Book Entry Notes or 
through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg to the accounts with Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg of the beneficial owners of those Book Entry Notes, in accordance with the rules and 
procedures of Interbolsa, Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be. 
Transfer of Book Entry Notes held through Interbolsa 
Book Entry Notes held through Interbolsa may, subject to compliance with all applicable rules, restrictions 
and requirements of Interbolsa and Portuguese law, be transferred to a person who wishes to hold such 
Book Entry Notes. No owner of Book Entry Notes will be able to transfer such Book Entry Notes, except 
in accordance with Portuguese Law and the applicable procedures of Interbolsa.

--- Page 513 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER RESTRICTIONS 
 
- 498 - 
 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER RESTRICTIONS 
The Dealer(s) have, in a set of amended and restated programme terms (as further modified and/or 
supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the "Programme Terms") dated 23 December 2022 
agreed with the Issuer a basis upon which they or any of them may from time to time agree to purchase 
Notes. Any such agreement will extend to those matters stated under "Form of Notes" and "Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes". In the Programme Terms, the Issuer has agreed to reimburse the Dealer(s) for 
certain of their expenses in connection with the establishment and any future update of the Programme and 
the issue of Notes under the Programme and to indemnify the Dealer(s) against certain liabilities incurred 
by them in connection therewith. 
In order to facilitate the offering of any Tranche of the Notes, certain persons participating in the offering 
of the Tranche may engage in transactions that stabilise, maintain or otherwise affect the market price of 
the relevant Notes during and after the offering of the Tranche. Specifically such persons may over-allot or 
create a short position in the Notes for their own account by selling more Notes than have been sold to them 
by the Issuer. Such persons may also elect to cover any such short position by purchasing Notes in the open 
market. In addition, such persons may stabilise or maintain the price of the Notes by bidding for or 
purchasing Notes in the open market and may impose penalty bids, under which selling concessions allowed 
to syndicate members or other broker-dealers participating in the offering of the Notes are reclaimed if 
Notes previously distributed in the offering are repurchased in connection with stabilisation transactions or 
otherwise. The effect of these transactions may be to stabilise or maintain the market price of the Notes at 
a level above that which might otherwise prevail for a limited period after the Issue Date. The imposition 
of a penalty bid may also affect the price of the Notes to the extent that it discourages resales thereof. No 
representation is made as to the magnitude or effect of any such stabilisation or other transactions. Such 
transactions, if commenced, may be discontinued at any time and must be brought to an end after a limited 
period. Under UK laws and regulations stabilisation activities may only be carried on by the Stabilisation 
Manager named in the Issue Terms (or persons acting on its behalf) and may only continue for a limited 
period following the Issue Date (or, if the ending day would be earlier, 60 days after the date of allotment) 
of the relevant Tranche of Notes. 
Selling Restrictions 
United States 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act or the securities laws of any 
state or other jurisdiction of the United States. The Notes may not be offered, sold, pledged, assigned, 
delivered or otherwise transferred, exercised or redeemed, at any time, within the United States or to, or for 
the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. Accordingly, the Notes are being offered and sold in offshore 
transactions in reliance on Regulation S under the Securities Act. Terms used in this paragraph have the 
meanings given to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act. Furthermore, the Notes do not constitute, 
and have not been marketed as, contracts of sale of a commodity for future delivery (or options thereon) 
subject to the U.S. Commodity Exchange Act, as amended (the "CEA"), and trading in the Notes has not 
been approved by the U.S. Commodity Futures Trading Commission (the "CFTC") pursuant to the CEA, 
and no U.S. person may at any time trade or maintain a position in the Notes. For a description of the 
restrictions on offers and sales of the Notes, see "Subscription and Sale" in the Base Prospectus. 
As used herein, "U.S. person" includes any "U.S. person" or person that is not a "non-United States 
person" as such terms are defined in Regulation S and in regulations adopted under the CEA, respectively. 
The applicable Final Terms will identify whether TEFRA C rules apply or whether TEFRA is not 
applicable. If TEFRA C applies, the Notes are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, 
sold or delivered within the United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain 
transactions permitted by U.S. Treasury regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given 
to them by the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and Treasury regulations promulgated thereunder. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it will not offer, sell or deliver Notes (a) as part of their distribution at 
any time or (b) otherwise until 40 days after the completion of the distribution of all Notes of the Tranche 
of which such Notes are a part of all Notes of the Tranche of which such Notes are a part, within the United 
States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. Each Dealer has further agreed, and each further 
Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree, that it will send to each dealer to which

--- Page 514 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER RESTRICTIONS 
 
- 499 - 
 
 
it sells any Notes during the distribution compliance period a confirmation or other notice setting forth the 
restrictions on offers and sales of the Notes within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, 
U.S. persons. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S under the 
Securities Act. 
Until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of any Series of Notes, an offer or sale of such Notes 
within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may violate the 
registration requirements of the Securities Act if such offer or sale is made otherwise than in accordance 
with an available exemption from registration under the Securities Act 
Prohibition of sales to EEA Retail Investors 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes includes a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors", each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise 
made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the 
offering contemplated by the Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any 
retail investor in the EEA.  For the purposes of this provision the expression "retail investor" means a 
person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer would 
not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes does not include a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to EEA 
Retail Investors", each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, that it has not made and will not make 
an offer of Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by the Base Prospectus as completed 
by the Final Terms in relation thereto to the public in that Member State except that it may make an offer 
of such Notes to the public in that Member State: 
(a) 
Approved prospectus: if the Final Terms in relation to the Notes specify that an offer of those 
Notes may be made other than pursuant to Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation in that 
Member State (a "Non-exempt Offer"), following the date of publication of a prospectus in 
relation to such Notes which has been approved by the competent authority in that Member State 
or, where appropriate, approved in another Member State and notified to the competent authority 
in that Member State, provided that any such prospectus has subsequently been completed by the 
Final Terms contemplating such Non-exempt Offer, in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation, 
in the period beginning and ending on the dates specified in such prospectus or final terms, as 
applicable and the Issuer has consented in writing to its use for the purpose of that Non-exempt 
Offer; 
(b) 
Qualified investors: at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the 
Prospectus Regulation; 
(c) 
Fewer than 150 offerees: at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than 
qualified investors as defined in the Prospectus Regulation), subject to obtaining the prior consent 
of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(d) 
Other exempt offers: at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the 
Prospectus Regulation. 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in paragraphs (b) to (d) above shall require the Issuer or 
any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the EU Prospectus Regulation or supplement a 
prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the EU Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an "offer of Notes to the public" in relation to any Notes 
in any Member State means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on 
the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or 
subscribe for the Notes. 
United Kingdom

--- Page 515 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER RESTRICTIONS 
 
- 500 - 
 
 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes includes a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors", each Dealer has represented and agreed that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available 
and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by the Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail 
investor in the UK.  For the purposes of this provision the expression "retail investor" means a person who 
is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part 
of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made 
under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as 
a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes does not include a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to UK 
Retail Investors", each Dealer has represented and agreed that it has not made and will not make an offer 
of Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by the Base Prospectus as completed by the 
Final Terms in relation thereto to the public in the United Kingdom except that it may make an offer of 
such Notes to the public in the United Kingdom: 
(a) 
Approved prospectus: if the Final Terms in relation to the Notes specify that an offer of those 
Notes may be made other than pursuant to section 86 of the FSMA (a "Public Offer"), following 
the date of publication of a prospectus in relation to such Notes which has been approved by the 
Financial Conduct Authority, provided that any such prospectus has subsequently been 
completed by Final Terms contemplating such Public Offer, in the period beginning and ending 
on the dates specified in such prospectus or final terms, as applicable, and the Issuer has 
consented in writing to its use for the purpose of that Public Offer; 
(b) 
Qualified investors: at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in 
Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation; 
(c) 
Fewer than 150 offerees: at any time to fewer than 150 persons (other than qualified investors 
as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation) in the United Kingdom subject to 
obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any 
such offer; or 
(d) 
Other exempt offers: at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the 
FSMA, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in paragraphs (b) to (d) above shall require the Issuer or 
any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus pursuant 
to Article 23 of the UK Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression "an offer of Notes to the public" in relation to any Notes 
means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer 
and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe the Notes and the 
expression "UK Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic 
law by virtue of the EUWA. 
Other regulatory restrictions 
In relation to each Tranche of Notes, each Dealer has represented, warranted and undertaken to the Issuer 
and each other Dealer (if any) that: 
(a) 
Financial promotion: it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only 
communicate or cause to be communicated any invitation or inducement to engage in investment 
activity (within the meaning of section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the 
issue or sale of any Notes in circumstances in which section 21(1) of the FSMA would not apply, 
if the Issuer was not an authorised person.

--- Page 516 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER RESTRICTIONS 
 
- 501 - 
 
 
(b) 
General compliance: it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA 
with respect to anything done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the 
UK. 
Portugal 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer or Issue Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that the Notes may not be and will not be offered to the 
public in Portugal under circumstances which are deemed to be a public offer under the Portuguese 
Securities Code ("Código dos Valores Mobiliários") enacted by Decree Law No. 486/99, of 13 November 
1999, as amended (or under any legislation which may replace or complement it in this respect from time 
to time), unless the requirements and provisions applicable to the public offerings in Portugal are met, 
including without limitation, all registration, filing, approval or recognition procedures with the Portuguese 
Securities Market Commission ("Comissão do Mercado de Valores Mobiliários") (the "CMVM") and, if 
relevant, any other competent authorities. In particular, should the obligation to publish a prospectus under 
the Prospectus Regulation not be applicable, the offer of new securities may be through a private placement, 
including, inter alia, if directed exclusively to qualified investors ("investidores qualificados") within the 
meaning of the Prospectus Regulation. In addition, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further 
Dealer or Issue Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree that, other 
than in compliance with all applicable provisions of the Portuguese Securities Code (or under any 
legislation which may replace or complement it in this respect from time to time), the Prospectus Regulation 
and any applicable CMVM Regulations and all relevant Portuguese securities laws and regulations, in any 
such case that may be applicable to it in respect of any offer or sale of Notes by it in Portugal or to 
individuals or entities resident in Portugal or having a permanent establishment located in Portuguese 
territory, as the case may be including the publication of a base prospectus, when applicable, and that such 
placement shall only be authorised and performed to the extent that there is full compliance with such laws 
and regulations: (a) it has not directly or indirectly taken any action or offered, advertised, marketed, invited 
to subscribe, gathered investment intentions, sold, re-sold, re-offered or delivered and will not directly or 
indirectly take any action, offer, advertise, market, invite to subscribe, gather investment intentions, sell, 
re-sell, re-offer or deliver any Notes in circumstances which could qualify as a public offer ("oferta 
pública") of securities pursuant to the Portuguese Securities Code (or under any legislation which may 
replace or complement it in this respect from time to time), notably in circumstances which could qualify 
as a public offer addressed to individuals or entities resident in Portugal or having permanent establishment 
located in the Portuguese territory, as the case may be; and (b) it has not distributed, made available or 
caused to be distributed and will not distribute, make available or cause to be distributed the Base 
Prospectus or any other offering material relating to the Notes to the public in Portugal. 
France 
Each of the Dealers has represented and agreed that: 
(a) 
Offer to the public in France non-exempted from the obligation to publish a prospectus:: 
It has only made and will only make an offer of Notes to the public in France which is not exempted 
from the obligation to publish a prospectus set out in Article 3.1 of the Prospectus Regulation, 
following the notification of the approval of the Base Prospectus to the Autorité des marchés 
financiers ("AMF") by the Central Bank and in the period beginning on the date of publication of 
the Final Terms relating to the offer of Notes and ending at the latest on the date which is 12 months 
after the date of the approval of the Base Prospectus by the Central Bank all in accordance with 
Articles L.412-1 and L.621-8 of the French Code monétaire et financier and the Règlement général 
of the AMF; or 
(b) 
Offer in France addressed solely to qualified investors: 
It has only offered or sold and will only offer or sell, directly or indirectly, Notes in France to 
qualified investors (investisseurs qualifiés), as referred to in Article L.411-2 of the French Code 
monétaire et financier and defined in Article 2(e) of the Prospectus Regulation, and it has only 
distributed or caused to be distributed and will only distribute or cause to be distributed in France, 
to such qualified investors, the Base Prospectus, the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement 
or any other offering material relating to the Notes.

--- Page 517 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER RESTRICTIONS 
 
- 502 - 
 
 
Japan 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of 
Japan (Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended, the "FIEA") and, accordingly, each Dealer has represented and 
agreed that it has not, directly or indirectly, offered or sold and will not, directly or indirectly, offer or sell 
any Notes in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan or to others for re-offering or resale, 
directly or indirectly, in Japan or to any resident of Japan, except pursuant to an exemption from the 
registration requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with, the FIEA and other relevant laws and 
regulations of Japan.  As used in this paragraph, "resident of Japan" means any person resident in Japan, 
including any corporation or other entity organised under the laws of Japan. 
Republic of Italy 
The offering of the Notes has not been registered pursuant to Italian securities legislation and, accordingly, 
no Notes may be offered, sold or delivered, nor may copies of the Base Prospectus or of any other document 
relating to the Notes be distributed in the Republic of Italy, except: 
(A) 
to qualified investors (investitori qualificati), as defined pursuant to Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 
No. 1129 of 14 June 2017 (the "Prospectus Regulation") and any applicable provision of 
legislative decree no. 58 of 24 February 1998, as amended (the "Italian Financial Services Act") 
and Italian CONSOB Regulations; or 
(B) 
in other circumstances which are exempted from the rules on public offerings pursuant to Article 
1 of the Prospectus Regulation, Article 34-ter of CONSOB Regulation No. 11973 of 14 May 1999, 
as amended from time to time, and the applicable Italian laws. 
Any offer, sale or delivery of the Notes or distribution of copies of the Base Prospectus or any other 
document relating to the Notes in the Republic of Italy under (a) or (b) above must be: 
(I) 
made by an investment firm, bank or financial intermediary permitted to conduct such activities 
in the Republic of Italy in accordance with the Italian Financial Services Act, CONSOB 
Regulation No. 20307 of 15 February 2018 (as amended from time to time) and Legislative Decree 
No. 385 of 1 September 1993, as amended (the "banking act"); and 
(ii) 
in compliance with any other applicable laws and regulations or requirement imposed by 
CONSOB, the Bank of Italy (including the reporting requirements, where applicable, pursuant to 
Article 129 of the Banking Act and the implementing guidelines of the Bank of Italy, as amended 
from time to time) and/or any other Italian authority. 
Investors should also note that, in any subsequent distribution of the Notes in the Republic of Italy, the 
Prospectus Regulation and Italian Financial Services Act may require compliance with the law relating to 
public offers of securities. Furthermore, Article 100-bis of the Italian Financial Services Act provides that 
where the Notes are placed solely with "qualified investors" and are then systematically resold on the 
secondary market at any time in the 12 months following such placing, purchasers of Notes who are acting 
outside of the course of their business or profession may in certain circumstances be entitled to declare 
such purchase void and, in addition, to claim damages from any authorised person at whose premises the 
Notes were purchased, unless an exemption provided for under the Prospectus Regulation or the Italian 
Financial Services Act applies. 
General 
Each Dealer has agreed, and each further Dealer or Issue Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to agree, that it will (to the best of its knowledge and belief) comply with all applicable securities 
laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or 
possesses or distributes this Base Prospectus and will obtain any consent, approval or permission required 
by it for the purchase, offer, sale or delivery by it of Notes under the laws and regulations in force in any 
jurisdiction, in particular Australia, South Africa and Canada, to which it is subject or in which it makes 
such purchases, offers, sales or deliveries and neither the Issuer nor any Dealer shall have any responsibility 
therefor.

--- Page 518 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER RESTRICTIONS 
 
- 503 - 
 
 
Neither the Issuer nor any Dealer represents that Notes may at any time lawfully be sold in compliance with 
any applicable registration or other requirements in any jurisdiction, in particular Australia, South Africa 
and Canada or pursuant to any exemption available thereunder, or assumes any responsibility for facilitating 
such sale.

--- Page 519 ---
GENERAL INFORMATION 
 
- 504 - 
 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
1. 
Authorisation 
The establishment and/or update of the Programme have been duly authorised by resolutions of 
the Executive Committee of the Board of Directors of the Issuer dated 13 December 2016, 8 
February 2018, 5 February 2019, 26 May 2020 and 6 December 2022. 
2. 
Listing of Notes 
The admission of Notes to the Official List will be expressed as a percentage of their nominal 
amount (excluding accrued interest). It is expected that each Tranche of Notes which is to be 
admitted to the Official List and to trading on the Euronext Dublin Regulated Market will be 
admitted separately as and when issued, subject only to the issue of the relevant Note. Application 
has been made to Euronext Dublin for the Notes issued under the Programme during the period of 
twelve months from the date of this Base Prospectus to be admitted to the Official List and to 
trading on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin. 
3. 
Documents Available 
For the period of 12 months following the date of this Base Prospectus, copies of the following 
documents 
will, 
when 
published, 
be 
available 
for 
inspection 
at 
https://ind.millenniumbcp.pt/en/Institucional/investidores/Pages/Inv.aspx: 
(a) 
the constitutional documents (in English) of the Issuer; 
(b) 
the 2020 Financial Statements and 2020 Auditor's Report; 
(c) 
the 2021 Financial Statements and 2021 Auditor's Report; 
(d) 
the most recently available published unaudited interim condensed consolidated balance 
sheet and interim condensed consolidated income statement of the Bank; 
(e) 
the Agency Terms, the Instrument and the forms of the Global Notes, the Notes in 
definitive form, the Receipts, the Coupons and the Talons; 
(f) 
a copy of this Base Prospectus; and 
(g) 
any future base prospectus, prospectuses, information memoranda and supplements, 
including Final Terms to this Base Prospectus and any other documents incorporated 
herein or therein by reference. 
The information mentioned in paragraphs (a) to (c) above represent an accurate translation from 
their original Portuguese form. In the event of a discrepancy, the original Portuguese version will 
prevail. 
4. 
Clearing Systems 
In the event that Bearer Notes are issued, application will be made to Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg for such Bearer Notes to be accepted for clearance through Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg. The appropriate common code and ISIN for each Tranche of Bearer 
Notes allocated by Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear will be specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
The Book Entry Notes will be accepted for clearance through Interbolsa. The appropriate ISIN 
(and any other relevant financial instrument codes, such as CFI and FISN) for each Tranche of 
Book Entry Notes will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
If the Notes are to clear through an additional or alternative Clearing System the appropriate 
information will be specified in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 520 ---
GENERAL INFORMATION 
 
- 505 - 
 
 
The address of Euroclear is Euroclear Bank SA/NV, 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert, II B-1210 
Brussels. The address of Clearstream, Luxembourg is Clearstream Banking, 42 Avenue JF 
Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg. 
The address of Interbolsa is Avenida da Boavista, 3433, 4100-138 Oporto. 
5. 
Conditions for determining price 
The price and amount of Notes to be issued under the Programme will be determined by the Issuer 
and the relevant Dealer at the time of issue in accordance with prevailing market conditions. 
6. 
Yield 
In relation to any Tranche of Fixed Rate Notes, an indication of the yield in respect of such Notes 
will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. The yield is calculated at the Issue Date of the 
Notes on the basis of the Issue Price and on the assumption that the Notes are not subject to early 
redemption or cancellation or, if applicable, no Credit Event occurs. The yield indicated will be 
calculated as the yield to maturity as at the Issue Date of the Notes and will not be an indication of 
future yield. 
7. 
Significant or Material Change 
There has been no significant change in the financial or trading position of the Banco Comercial 
Português Group since 30 September 2022. There has been no material adverse change in the 
prospects of the Issuer or Banco Comercial Português Group since the date of the last audited 
annual accounts, 31 December 2021. 
8. 
Litigation 
i. 
In 2012, the Portuguese Competition Authority initiated an administrative proceeding 
relating to competition restrictive practices.  During the investigations, on 6 March 2013, 
several searches were conducted in the Bank's premises, as well as to at least eight other 
credit institutions, where documentation was seized in order to investigate allegations of 
exchange of privileged commercial information among Portuguese banks. 
The Portuguese Competition Authority has declared the administrative proceeding to stay 
under judicial secrecy, once it considered that the interests dealt with in the investigation, 
as well as the parties' rights, would not be compatible with the publicity of the process.  
On 2 June 2015, the Bank was notified of the Portuguese Competition Authority's notice 
of illegality in connection with an administrative offence, by which the Bank is accused 
of participating in an information exchange between banks of the system related to prices 
already approved and housing and consumer credit operations already granted or 
approved.  In light of the accusations, the Bank filed a response to the note of illegality, 
to which may follow a judicial appeal.  Note that the notification of a note of illegality 
does not constitute a final decision in relation to the accusations.  According to the terms 
foreseen in the law, the illicit under investigation in this administrative proceeding may 
be punished with a fine up to a maximum limit of 10% of the defendant's annual 
consolidated turnover with reference to the year preceding the decision.  However, 
judicial appeal against such decision is possible.  In October 2016, the Lisbon Court of 
Appeals overruled an earlier decision by the Competition, Regulation and Supervision 
Court to suspend the Competition Authority's investigation. 
On 4 July 2017, the Competition Authority notified the Bank on the decision regarding 
the withdrawal of the suspension concerning the access to documents deemed as 
confidential and of the extension of the term for the making of a decision on the illicit act 
for more 40 days.  The Portuguese Competition Authority refused the Bank's application 
for confidential treatment of some of the information in the Bank's defence against the 
notice of illegal act.  In June 2018 the Bank filed an appeal with the Portuguese 
Competition, Regulation and Supervision Court (which is pending) and filed its defence 
against the notice of illegal act in a non-confidential version.

--- Page 521 ---
GENERAL INFORMATION 
 
- 506 - 
 
 
On 5 November 2018, the Bank was notified of the ruling of the Portuguese Competition, 
Regulation and Supervision Court, that gives approval to the appeal presented by BCP, 
on the subject of secrecy, accepting, in its essence, BCP's argument that the Portuguese 
Competition Authority, infringed on the right to a prior hearing. 
On 25 January 2019, the PCA granted the Bank a 10-business day period to provide 
summaries for the co-defendants' confidential information.  On 4 February 2019, the Bank 
filed an appeal before the Competition Court and, on 11 February 2019, submitted a reply 
to the PCA (although restating its opposition to the PCA's request). 
On 9 September 2019, the PCA adopted its final decision on this proceeding, fining BCP 
in EUR 60 million for its alleged participation in a confidential information exchange 
system with its competitors in the mortgage, consumer and small and medium enterprises 
credit segments. The Bank considers that this decision contains serious factual and legal 
errors, having filed an appeal on 21 October 2019 before the Competition Court 
requesting the annulation of the decision and the suspensive effect of the appeal. The 
admission of the appeal and the decision on its respective effect are expected. 
On 8 May 2020, BCP’s appeal was admitted. 
On 8 June 2020, the Bank submitted a request before the Court, claiming that the rule 
according to which appeals do not have, in principle, a suspensory effect violates the 
Portuguese Constitution, submitting elements aimed at demonstrating considerable harm 
in the advance provisional payment of the fine, and offering a guarantee in lieu (indicating 
the respective percentage of the fine to be offered as a guarantee). 
On 9 July 2020, BCP requested the Court to declare the PCA’s condemnatory decision 
null and void, due to the omission of an analysis of the economic and legal context in the 
terms required by the recent jurisprudence of the Court of Justice of the European Union. 
Subsequently, the Competition Court clarified that preliminary questions will not be 
known before the court hearing begins. 
On 14 December 2020, a hearing was held before the Competition Court, and an agreed 
solution was reached between PCA and the appellant banks, including BCP, regarding 
the dosimetry (i.e., 50% of the amount of the fine) and the modalities of the guarantees to 
be provided, in order for the appeal to have a suspensory effect. 
On 21 December 2020, BCP submitted, and the Competition Court accepted, a bank 
guarantee in the maximum amount of EUR 30 million, issued by the Bank itself as a way 
to satisfy the referred security deposit. 
On 1 March 2021, the Competition Court notified BCP that the guarantee had been 
presented in a timely manner and in the agreed form, and, as a result, attributed suspensory 
effect to the appeal. By order of 20 March 2021, the Competition Court lifted the judicial 
secrecy and informed the appellants that the trial would, in principle, start in September 
2021. 
On 13 January 2021, BCP was notified of an application submitted by "Associação Ius 
Omnibus – Nova Associação de Consumidores" to the Competition Court asking it to have 
access to a non-confidential version of the file, based on the need to assert the “rights to 
indemnification of the consumers whose rights and interests it represents, and the possible 
exercise and proof of those rights in the context of an action for damages”. On the same 
date, BCP was notified by the Competition Court of its decision authorising the news 
agency "Lusa" to access the file of the administrative phase of the case. BCP appeal of 
this decision to the Appeal Court of Lisbon, on 25 January 2021 and opposed to the 
request of "Ius Omnibus" on 2 February 2021. 
On 20 March 2021, the Competition Court determined: (i) the lifting of the judicial 
secrecy; (ii) the forwarding to the Public Prosecutor of the appeal of BCP against the 
decision of the Competition Court relating to "Lusa", for reply; (iii) the provisional start

--- Page 522 ---
GENERAL INFORMATION 
 
- 507 - 
 
 
date of the judgement hearing on September 2021, having requested suggestions by the 
co-appellants for venues. 
By decision of 9 April 2021 of the Competition Court, a preparatory hearing took place 
on 30 April 2021 for discussion of issues precedent to the begging of the judgment 
hearings, in which the procedures relating to the treatment of confidential information of 
the co-appellants in the appeals was defined, as well as the conditions relating to access 
to file. The Competition Court also set forth preliminary dates for the judgement hearing 
and scheduled a preparatory hearing for 7 July 2021. 
On 28 June 2021, BCP was notified by the Competition Court to reply to the requests 
submitted by some of the co-appellants and confirm that all confidential information had 
been duly eliminated from non-confidential versions submitted by each co-appellant. The 
Competition Court also determined that the hearing of 7 July 2021 was cancelled and its 
object would be transferred to the next hearing date (6 September 2021). 
On 8 July 2021, BCP presented its reply to the notification of 28 June 2021, having also 
requested confirmation in relation to the scheduling of the judgement hearing, namely 
confirmation that the preparatory hearing will take place on 6 September 2021 and that 
the judgement hearing will be initiated at as of the pre-scheduled date of 8 September 
2021. 
On 6 September 2021, the preparatory session of the trial in the Competition, Regulation 
and Supervision Court took place. The trial, which takes place in Santarém, began on 6 
October 2021. 
Several representatives of the banks raised the question of the possible unconstitutionality 
of the seizure proceedings of e-mail messages used as evidence in the PCA’s decision, 
which objection appeal will now take place. This issue was raised bearing in mind the 
recent Decision of the Constitutional Court no. 687/2021 on the administrative offence 
case no. 225/15.4YUSTR-W. A petition on this matter was filed with the Court on 20 
October 2021, requesting the Court to take a position on the matter before the beginning 
of the trial. 
On 28 April 2022, the Court issued a decision on the case No. 225/15.4YUSTR-W, 
concerning the objection appeal on the decision of the Competition Authority of 
September 2019 (PRC/2012/09), which imposed fines to a group of banking institutions 
for alleged violation of competition rules due to their participation in a process of 
information exchange on operations of housing credit, consumer credit and credit to 
SMEs. 
In this extensive sentence, the Court lists the facts deemed proved, considering the 
testimonial evidence produced and the documents attached to the proceedings, both in the 
administrative phase and on hearing, however, at this stage, the Court has not yet 
concluded on the legal framework of the facts proved, nor, consequently, on the 
imposition of fines, the Court having decided to make a pre-judicial referral to the 
European Court of Justice ("ECJ") to answer the two questions it raises, requesting that 
this referral is to be followed by further proceedings under expedited procedure, given the 
prescription risk. It should be highlighted that it is not for the ECJ to judge the case, but 
merely to interpret the rules of Community law by replying in abstract to the questions 
submitted to it by the referring court. 
This pre-judicial referral had already been requested by BCP and other institutions 
concerned in this case. So long as the ECJ has not yet ruled on the case, the proceedings 
are suspended. The Court also decided that the course of the prescription period is 
suspended, invoking certain legal provisions for that purpose, although that decision 
appears to have no legal basis. 
The ECJ rejected a request for an accelerated procedure and for priority to be given in the 
assessment of this case, hence the ECJ's assessment must be given within the normal 
deadline for these prejudicial proceedings, after which the judgment of this Court will

--- Page 523 ---
GENERAL INFORMATION 
 
- 508 - 
 
 
then be concluded. The Bank has been notified by the ECJ to, if it wishes, submit its 
written observations, and must do so by 2 September 2022. The Bank forwarded its 
observations to the ECJ on 1 September 2022. 
ii. 
On 20 October 2014, the Bank became aware of a class action brought against Bank 
Millennium in Poland by a group of borrowers represented by the Municipal Consumer 
Ombudsman in Olsztyn.  As other Polish banks in a similar situation, Bank Millennium 
was in the meantime notified of such class action, which seeks to assess the institution's 
"illicit" enrichment from certain clauses contained in the mortgage loan agreements 
denominated in Swiss francs.  In the referred class action, clients have questioned a set of 
those agreements' clauses, notably those related with the spread bid-offer between Polish 
zloty and Swiss francs applicable in the conversion of credits.  On 28 May 2015, the 
Regional Court of Warsaw issued a decision rejecting the class action on the grounds that 
the case cannot be heard in class action proceedings.  The decision of the Regional Court 
of Warsaw is not final.  On 3 July 2015, the claimants filed an appeal against this decision 
and the Court of Appeal upheld the appeal by refusing the dismissal of the claim. 
On 31 March 2016, the Regional Court in Warsaw issued a decision dismissing the Bank's 
motion for a security deposit to secure litigation costs.  On 6 April 2016, the Bank filed 
an appeal against this decision. 
On 17 February 2016, the claimant filed a submission with the Regional Court in Warsaw, 
extending the claim again to include 1,041 group members.  Bank Millennium has not yet 
been notified of this submission. 
On 2 August 2016 the Regional Court in Warsaw issued a decision ordering the 
publication of an announcement in the press concerning the commencement of action 
proceedings.  Following the Bank's motion to repeal this decision, the Court suspended 
its execution, but, on 8 August 2016, it issued another decision for the case to be heard in 
the group action proceedings.  On 31 August 2016, the Bank appealed this decision.  On 
16 December 2016 the Court of Appeal in Warsaw overruled decision of the Regional 
Court for the case to be heard in group action proceedings and referred the request for the 
case to be heard in group action proceedings to the Regional Court for re-examination.  
At a hearing on 15 March 2017 the Regional Court issued decision for the case to be heard 
in group action proceedings.  On 18 April 2017 the Bank filed an appeal against the above 
decision; the date of reviewing the case by the Court of Appeal in Warsaw has not been 
scheduled yet.  On 30 June 2017 the claimant filed a submission with the Regional Court 
in Warsaw, extending the claim again by a further 676 group members.  The new value 
of the subject matter of the dispute was indicated as approximately PLN 132.7 million 
(including the values provided in the statement of claim and the previous submissions 
concerning extension of the claims dated 4 March 2015 and 17 February 2016).  The 
submission dated 30 June 2017 extending the claim has not yet been served on the Bank's 
counsel.  On 28 September 2017 the Court of Appeal in Warsaw issued a decision 
dismissing the Bank's appeal against the decision of the Regional Court in Warsaw dated 
15 March 2017; thus, the decision for the case to be heard in group action proceedings 
became final.  On 20 November 2017 the Regional Court in Warsaw issued a decision 
ordering the publication of an announcement in the "Rzeczpospolita" newspaper 
concerning the commencement of group action proceedings.  The announcement was 
published on 23 January 2018; the deadline for further borrowers to join the proceedings 
was 23 April 2018. 
In the last extension of claim (dated 24 April 2018), 382 new borrowers declared their 
accession to the group.  Including all previous extensions of claim, the total number of 
declared members of the group is currently approximately 5,400 persons, while the total 
value of the subject matter of the dispute was indicated as approximately PLN 146 
million. 
On 14 January 2019, the Regional Court in Warsaw issued a decision on the composition 
of the group. Both parties appealed against this decision. On 27 August 2019, the Court 
of Appeal in Warsaw issued a final decision on the composition of the group. The 
proceedings have thus entered the phase of reviewing the case on the merits. The date of

--- Page 524 ---
GENERAL INFORMATION 
 
- 509 - 
 
 
the hearing was scheduled for 20 March 2020. Due to the COVID-19 pandemic, the 
hearing was cancelled. The new date of the hearing was scheduled for 26 October 2020. 
During the hearing, the Bank requested for suspension of the proceedings and/or 
adjustments to the list of the group members. In effect, the court adjourned the hearing. 
The court has not yet decided on the Bank’s requests filed during the hearing on 26 
October 2020. The next date of the hearing is not yet set. 
On 11 August 2020, the claimant requested granting interim measures to secure the claims 
against the Bank. In a decision of 18 August 2020, the request for granting interim 
measures was dismissed. On 26 October 2020, the claimant appealed the court’s decision 
dismissing the request for interim measures and on 9 February 2021 the court dismissed 
the claimant’s appeal. 
On 26 October 2020 the claimant filed another request for interim measures to secure the 
claims against the Bank concerning two group members. In a decision of 6 November 
2020, the request for granting interim measures was dismissed. According to information 
obtained from the court, the claimant did not appeal this decision. 
Currently, the number of the group members is 5.350 and the value of the litigation has 
been estimated to approximately PLN 146 million. The number of loan agreements 
involved is 3,281. 
On 3 December 2015, Bank Millennium received notice of a class action lawsuit lodged 
by a group of 454 borrowers represented by the Municipal Consumer Ombudsman in 
Olsztyn pertaining to low down payment insurance used with CHF-indexed mortgage 
loans.  The plaintiffs demand the payment of the amount of PLN 3.5 million 
(approximately EUR 0.77 million) claiming for some clauses of the agreements pertaining 
to low down-payment insurance to be declared null and void.  The Bank already contested 
the claim, demanding that the lawsuit be dismissed.  The first hearing took place on 13 
September 2016, the Court having ruled that the proceedings were admitted.  On 16 
February 2017, the Court of Appeal denied the appeal brought forward by the Bank and 
the previous sentence became definitive.  On 30 March 2017 the Regional Court in 
Warsaw dismissed Bank's motion to oblige the plaintiff to provide security for costs of 
proceedings.  On 10 April 2017 Bank filed a complaint to the Court of Appeal in Warsaw 
against the decision dismissing the motion to provide security.  On 13 September 2017, 
the Court of Appeal in Warsaw dismissed the complaint against the decision of the 
Regional Court in Warsaw of 30 March 2017 on dismissal of the motion to provide 
security.  The Regional Court in Warsaw announced the initiation of group proceedings 
in the daily newspaper "Rzeczpospolita", thus setting a period of three months for 
submitting statements on joining the group by the interested parties.  Pursuant to the 
court´s order, the representative of the group filed with the Regional Court in Warsaw an 
update list of all the members of the group amounting to 709 persons and lodged a further 
claim for slightly above 5 million PLN altogether. 
On 1 October 2018, the group's representative corrected the total amount of claims 
pursued in the proceedings and submitted a revised list of all group members, covering a 
total of 697 borrowers and 432 loan agreements.  The value of the subject of the dispute, 
as updated by the claimant, is PLN 7,371,107.94. 
On 21 November 2018, the Bank filed objections regarding the membership of individual 
persons in the group.  The court also ordered the Bank to submit its objections as to the 
revised list of all group members by 28 January 2019. 
The next stage of the proceedings is establishing the composition of the group (i.e. 
determining whether all persons who joined the proceedings may participate in the group). 
On 28 January 2019, the Bank submitted second objection regarding the membership in 
the group of persons included in the revised list. On 27 July 2019, the Bank filed a motion 
to exclude a judge from the case. On 26 October 2019, the court issued a decision to 
exclude three judges from hearing the case.

--- Page 525 ---
GENERAL INFORMATION 
 
- 510 - 
 
 
By the resolution of 1 April 2020, the court established the composition of the group (in 
essence – excluding one person) as per the request of the claimant. 
On 1 April 2020, the Regional Court decided to examine the written testimonies of the 
witnesses. 
There was a remote court hearing on 21 October 2021. The court announced that the 
judgment would be announced in closed session, but did not set a date for it. The Bank 
expects judgment announcement at any moment. 
iii. 
As at 30 September 2022, there were also 243 individual court cases regarding LTV 
insurance (cases in which only a claim for the reimbursement of the commission or LTV 
insurance fee is presented). 
iv. 
As at 30 September 2022, in the group of the court cases where the Group’s companies 
were defendant, was a lawsuit brought up by Europejska Fundacja Współpracy Polsko-
Belgijskiej/European Foundation for Polish-Belgian Cooperation ("EFWP-B") against 
Bank Millennium S.A., worth of the dispute PLN 521.9 million with statutory interest 
from 5 April 2016 until the day of payment. The plaintiff filed the suit dated 23 October 
2015 to the Regional Court in Warsaw; the suit was served to the Bank on 4 April 2016. 
According to the plaintiff, the basis for the claim is damage to their assets, due to the 
actions taken by the Bank and consisting in the wrong interpretation of the Agreement for 
working capital loan concluded between the Bank and PCZ S.A., which resulted in 
placing the loan on demand. In the case brought by EFWP-B, the plaintiff moved for 
securing the claim in the amount of PLN 250.0 million. The petition was dismissed on 5 
September 2016 with legal validity by the Appellate Court. The Bank is requesting 
complete dismissal of the suit, stating disagreement with the charges raised in the claim. 
Supporting the position of the Bank, the Bank’s attorney submitted a binding copy of final 
verdict of Appeal Court in Wrocław favourable to the Bank, issued in the same legal state 
in the action brought by PCZ SA against the Bank. At present, the Court of first instance 
is conducting evidence proceedings. 
v. 
On 3 January 2018, Bank Millennium was notified of a decision of the President of the 
Office of Competition and Consumer Protection (the "UOKiK"), in which the President 
of UOKiK found infringement by the Bank of the rights of consumers.  In the opinion of 
the President of UOKiK, the essence of the violation was that the Bank informed 
consumers (connected with 78 agreements), in response to their complaint, that the court 
verdict stating the abusiveness of the provisions of the loan agreement regarding exchange 
rates did not apply to them.  According to the position of the President of UOKiK, the 
abusiveness of contract's clauses determined by the court in the course of abstract control 
is constitutive and effective for every contract from the beginning.  As a result of the 
decision, the Bank had to:  1) send information of the UOKiK decision to the said 78 
clients; 2) post the information on the decision and the decision itself on the website and 
on twitter, which it has already done; and 3) to pay a fine amounting to PLN 20.7 million.  
The decision on the fine is not immediately enforceable.  The decision of the President of 
UOKiK is not final.  The Bank does not agree with this decision and lodged an appeal 
within the statutory time limit. 
On 7 January 2020, the first instance court dismissed the Bank's appeal in its entirety. The 
court presented the view that the judgment issued in the course of the control of a 
contractual template (in the course of an abstract control), recognising the provisions of 
the template as abusive, determines the abusiveness of similar provisions in previously 
concluded contracts. Therefore, the information provided to consumers was incorrect and 
misleading. As regards the penalty imposed by UOKiK, the court pointed out that the 
policy of imposing penalties by UOKiK had changed in the direction of tightening 
penalties and that the court agrees with this direction. 
In the Bank's assessment, the court should not assess the Bank's behaviour in 2015 from 
the perspective of today's case-law views on the importance of abstract control (it was not 
until January 2016 that the Supreme Court's resolution supporting the view of the 
President of UOKiK was published), nor should it impose penalties for these behaviours

--- Page 526 ---
GENERAL INFORMATION 
 
- 511 - 
 
 
using current policy. The above constitutes a significant argument against the validity of 
the judgment and supports the appeal which the Bank submitted to the Court of Appeal. 
The second instance court, in its judgment of 24 February 2022, completely revoked the 
decision of the OPCC Chairman. On 31 August 2022, the OPCC Chairman lodged a 
cassation appeal to the Supreme Court.  
vi. 
On 22 September 2020, the Bank received decision of the Chairman of the Office for 
Protection of Competition and Consumers ("OPCC Chairman") recognising clauses 
stipulating principles of currency exchange applied in the so-called anti-spread annex as 
abusive and prohibited the use thereof. 
Penalty was imposed upon the Bank in the amount of PLN 10.5 million. Penalty amount 
takes account of two mitigating circumstances: cooperation with the Office for Protection 
of Competition and Consumers and discontinuation of the use of provisions in question. 
The Bank was also requested, after the decision becomes final and binding, to inform 
consumers, by registered mail, to the effect that the said clauses were deemed to be 
abusive and therefore not binding upon them (without need to obtain court’s decision 
confirming this circumstance) and publish the decision in the case on the Bank’s website. 
In the decision justification delivered in writing the OPCC Chairman stated that FX rates 
determined by the Bank were determined at Bank’s discretion (on the basis of a concept, 
not specified in any regulations, of average inter-bank market rate). Moreover, client had 
no precise knowledge on where to look for said rates since provision referred to Reuters, 
without precisely defining the relevant website. 
Provisions relating to FX rates in Bank’s tables were challenged since the Bank failed to 
define when and how many times a day these tables were prepared and published. 
In justification of the decision, the OPCC Chairman also indicated that in the course of 
the proceeding, Bank Millennium presented various proposed solutions, which the OPCC 
Chairman deemed to be insufficient. 
The decision is not final and binding. The Bank appealed against said decision within 
statutory term.   
On 31 March 2022, the Court overruled the contested decision in its entirety and ordered 
the defendant to pay the Bank the amount of PLN 1.720 as reimbursement of the court 
fees. 
In the oral reasons for the decision, the Court referred only to the argument raised by the 
Bank that the President of the Office of Competition and Consumer Protection was not 
authorized to examine the provisions in question, as they did not constitute the provisions 
of standard contracts. The court noted that the provisions were concluded by consumers 
voluntarily after the conclusion of the loan agreement. The court also drew attention to 
the fact that the annexes were not concluded by all consumers who concluded credit 
agreements, and there were such significant differences between the annexes concluded 
by individual consumers that it was impossible to talk about the existence of an annex - 
not all annexes questioned by the President of UOKiK, the clauses were even included. 
Therefore, the Court considered that the contested contractual clauses did not constitute 
"conditions drawn up for the purpose of general use" within the meaning of Art. 7 sec. 1 
of Directive 93/13, and consequently the President of UOKiK did not have the 
competence to audit them. 
The decision is not final and binding. The Bank appealed against the said decision within 
statutory term.  On 23 May 2022, the Chairman of the OPCC filed an appeal. The case is 
pending.   
vii. 
In October 2015, a set of companies connected to a group which has debts in default 
towards the Bank in the amount of approximately EUR 170 million, resulting from a 
financing agreement entered into in 2009 – such debts having been fully provisioned for

--- Page 527 ---
GENERAL INFORMATION 
 
- 512 - 
 
 
in the Bank's accounts – brought a judicial proceeding against the Bank, after having 
received a notification from the Bank enforcing payment of such debts.  In the judicial 
proceedings it is envisaged: 
(a) 
to deny the obligation of payment of those debts, by arguing the voidness and 
nullity of the respective agreement, but without the correspondent obligation of 
returning the amounts received; 
(b) 
that the Bank is also convicted to bear the amounts of approximately EUR 90 
million and EUR 34 million related to other debts contracted by those entities with 
other banking institutions, as well as the amounts, in a total sum of approximately 
EUR 26 million, that the debtors would have already paid in the context of the 
respective financing agreements; and 
(c) 
to declare that the Bank is the owner of the object of the pledges associated with 
said financing agreements, which corresponds to approximately 340 million 
shares of the Bank itself, allegedly acquired at the request of, on behalf of and in 
the interest of the Bank. 
The Bank has filed its defence and counterclaim, reinforcing the demand for payment of 
the debt.  The claimants filed their statements of defence regarding the counterclaim filed 
by the Bank and the Bank replied to those statements in July 2016. 
The Court issued a decision establishing the facts that are considered to be proven and 
those that must still be proven in court.  The parties presented their requests for proof and 
each of the parties appointed its expert.  The Court shall now issue a decision regarding 
the proof requested by the parties and appoint the third expert. 
The claimants challenged both experts appointed by BCP and the Court, but the Court 
maintained the appointed experts, who were notified on 13 March 2020 to proceed with 
the expert evidence. 
The expert evidence is currently ongoing. The proceedings are waiting for the experts to 
present their report. 
The ECJ rejected the request for an expedited procedure and for priority to be given to 
the consideration of the present case, and therefore the consideration by the ECJ must take 
place within the normal timeframe for such preliminary ruling proceedings, after which 
the Court of Justice's judgment will then be concluded. The Bank was notified by the ECJ 
to submit its written observations, if it so wished, by 2 September 2022. After the expert 
report was presented, the Bank objected to it. After the Bank's request for a declaration of 
nullity of the expert report, claims and attachment of documents, the Court accepted the 
claims presented and sent everything to the experts to give their opinion. The Bank 
submitted its observations to the ECJ on 1 September 2022. 
viii. 
Litigation initiated by BCP and Millennium bim in relation to their exposure to 
Mozambique entities and sovereign guarantees: 
On 8 April 2020, the Bank filed a Claim in the High Court of Justice Business & Property 
Courts of England and Wales Commercial Court in which the Bank claims sums due and 
in default under a facility agreement and a sovereign guarantee in the amount of USD 
158,942,748.88, as at 8 April 2020, plus other interest and other costs. 
Further to legal action brought by the State with a view to seek, inter alia, a declaration 
that a State guarantee is not valid, legal or enforceable, on 27 April 2020 Millennium bim 
issued a Claim in the High Court of Justice Business & Property Courts of England and 
Wales Commercial Court against the original arranger and lender of a credit facility 
benefiting from said State guarantee and related persons. Millennium bim was assigned 
loans under this facility in the amounts of USD 37.2 million and USD 24 million. The 
total amount outstanding as at 27 April 2020 was US$79,639,385.33.

--- Page 528 ---
GENERAL INFORMATION 
 
- 513 - 
 
 
Trial sessions relating to the two cases are scheduled to begin in October 2023. This does 
not mean that the cases are on standby, as interim court sessions have been held and others 
are expected to be scheduled until the trial, related to the collection of evidence and other 
procedural issues. 
Save as disclosed in this section entitled "Litigation" there are no, nor have there been any 
governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings which are pending 
or threatened of which the Issuer is aware) during the 12 months before the date of this document 
which may have or have had in the recent past a significant effect on the financial position or 
profitability of the Issuer or the Group. 
9. 
Auditors 
The current auditors of the Bank are Deloitte & Associados – Sociedade de Revisores Oficiais de 
Contas, S.A. ("Deloitte") (which is a member of the Portuguese Institute of Statutory Auditors 
("Ordem dos Revisores Oficiais de Contas")), with registered office at Av. Eng. Duarte Pacheco, 
7, 1070-100 Lisbon. 
The consolidated financial statements of the Banco Comercial Português Group for the financial 
years ended on 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2021 were prepared in accordance with IFRS 
as adopted by the European Union. The financial statements of the Banco Comercial Português 
Group were audited for each of the two years ended 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2021 by 
Deloitte & Associados, SROC, S.A., independent certified public accountants and members of the 
Portuguese Institute of Statutory Auditors (Ordem dos Revisores Oficiais de Contas). 
All financial information in this Base Prospectus relating to the Bank for the years ended 31 
December 2020 and 31 December 2021 has been extracted without material adjustment from the 
audited consolidated financial statements of the Bank for the financial years then ended and all 
financial information in this Base Prospectus relating to the Issuer for the nine month period ended 
30 September 2022 has been extracted from the 3rd Quarter 2022 Report and Accounts of BCP 
Group. 
10. 
Credit Ratings 
Moody's 
In accordance with Moody's ratings definitions available as at the date of this Base Prospectus on 
https://www.moodys.com/ratings-process/Ratings-Definitions/002002, a long-term rating of 
"Baa" indicates obligations that are judged to be subject to moderate credit risk. They are 
considered medium-grade and as such may possess speculative characteristics. The modifier "3" 
indicates a ranking in the lower end of that generic rating category.  Moody's short-term ratings 
apply to an individual issuer's capacity to repay all short-term obligations rather than to specific 
short-term borrowing programs; issuers (or supporting institutions) rated "P-2" have a strong 
ability to repay short-term debt obligations. 
S&P 
In accordance with S&P's ratings definitions available as at the date of this Base Prospectus on 
https://www.standardandpoors.com/en_US/web/guest/article/-/view/sourceId/504352, 
a 
long-
term rating of "BB" indicates an obligation having significant speculative characteristics. While 
such obligations will likely have some quality and protective characteristics, these may be 
outweighed by large uncertainties or major exposure to adverse conditions. An obligation rated 
"BB" is less vulnerable to non-payment than other speculative issues. However, it faces major 
ongoing uncertainties or exposure to adverse business, financial, or economic conditions that could 
lead to the obligor's inadequate capacity to meet its financial commitments on the obligation. In 
accordance with such S&P ratings definitions, a short-term rating of "B" indicates that an 
obligation is vulnerable and has significant speculative characteristics. It indicated that the obligor 
currently has the capacity to meet its financial commitments; however, it faces major ongoing 
uncertainties that could lead to the obligor's inadequate capacity to meet its financial commitments

--- Page 529 ---
GENERAL INFORMATION 
 
- 514 - 
 
 
Fitch 
In accordance with Fitch's ratings definitions available as at the date of this Base Prospectus on 
https://www.fitchratings.com/site/definitions, a long-term rating of "BB" indicates an elevated 
vulnerability to default risk, particularly in the event of adverse changes in business or economic 
conditions over time; however, business or financial flexibility exists that supports the servicing of 
financial commitments. In accordance with such Fitch ratings definitions, a short-term rating of 
"B" indicates that material default risk is present, but a limited margin of safety remains. Financial 
commitments are currently being met; however, capacity for continued payment is vulnerable to 
deterioration in the business and economic environment. 
DBRS 
In accordance with DBRS's ratings definitions available as at the date of this Base Prospectus on 
https://www.dbrsmorningstar.com/media/00000000069.pdf, a long-term rating of "BBB (low)" 
indicates adequate credit quality. The capacity for the payment of financial obligations is 
considered acceptable. The obligor may be vulnerable to future events. In accordance with such 
DBRS ratings definitions, a short-term rating of "R-2" indicates the capacity for the payment of 
short-term financial obligations as they fall due is acceptable. The obligor may be vulnerable to 
future events. 
11. 
Post–issuance information 
Save as set out in the Final Terms, the Issuer does not intend to provide and post-issuance 
information in relation to any issues of Notes. 
12. 
Dealer transacting with the Issuer 
The Issuer and the Dealer are the same entity. Accordingly, the Issuer and the Dealer engage, and 
will engage, in investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and perform 
other services for, the Group in the ordinary course of business. 
13. 
Third party information 
Information sourced from Banco de Portugal, Portuguese Banking Association (Associação 
Portuguesa de Bancos), Portugal's National Statistics Institute (Instituto Nacional de Estatística), 
the National Bank of Poland, the Bank of Mozambique, the Bank of Angola and from other sources 
mentioned in this Base Prospectus has been accurately reproduced and, so far as the Issuer is aware 
and is able to ascertain from information published by such entities, no facts have been omitted 
which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. 
Where information from third parties is referenced in this Base Prospectus, the source of the 
information is identified alongside each statement.

--- Page 530 ---
- 515 - 
 
 
INDEX OF DEFINED TERMS 
$ vi 
£ vi 
€ vi 
1 91 
1/1 ................................................................... 91 
10-year Limitation Date ....................... 234, 252 
2.5-year Limitation Date ...................... 234, 252 
30/360 ............................................................. 90 
30E/360 .......................................................... 90 
30E/360 (ISDA) ............................................. 91 
360/360 ........................................................... 90 
871(m) Withholding ....................................... 94 
Accelerated or Matured ................................ 245 
Acceptance Statement ................................... viii 
Accrual Period ................................................ 89 
Accrued Interest ........................................... 234 
Accumulated Coupon ................................... 134 
Actual/360 ...................................................... 90 
Actual/365 (Fixed) ......................................... 90 
Actual/365 (Sterling) ...................................... 90 
Actual/Actual ................................................. 90 
Actual/Actual (ICMA).................................... 89 
Actual/Actual (ISDA) ..................................... 90 
Additional Disruption Event .. 153, 174, 187, 211 
Additional Extraordinary Fund Event .......... 195 
Additional Leverage ..................................... 128 
Additional LPN ............................................ 284 
Additional Obligation ................................... 284 
Adjusted Credit Outstanding Nominal Amount
 .................................................................. 223 
Adjustment Event ......................................... 165 
AER Additional Rate .................................... 128 
AER Percentage ........................................... 128 
AER Rate ...................................................... 128 
AER Rate DCF ............................................. 128 
AER Rate MT ............................................... 128 
AER Reference Item Rate ............................ 129 
AER Value .................... 129, 154, 175, 195, 212 
Affected Basket Company ............................ 170 
Affected Item ................................................ 206 
Affected Reference Entity ............................ 276 
Affected Relevant Assets ............................... 99 
Affected Share ...................................... 170, 172 
Affiliate ................................. 101, 153, 174, 235 
Affiliated Member ...................................... 1, 64 
Agency Terms ................................................ 63 
Agents............................................................. 63 
Aggregate Outstanding Amount ................... 225 
All Exchanges .............................................. 180 
Alternate Cash Redemption Amount ............ 100 
Alternative Reference Entity ........................ 276 
Alternative Reference Obligation ................. 276 
AMLA .......................................................... 469 
Annex ............................................................. 63 
Annexes .......................................................... 63 
Approval Date .............................................. 293 
ASF ........................................................... 5, 447 
Assessed Value Payment Amount .......... 97, 101 
Asset ............................................................. 235 
Asset Market Value....................................... 235 
Asset Package ............................................... 235 
Asset Package Credit Event .......................... 235 
Asset Package Delivery ................................ 235 
Asset Transfer Notice ..................................... 94 
Assignable Loan ........................................... 244 
associated company of the Bank ................... 487 
Atlântico ....................................................... 419 
Auction ......................................................... 235 
Auction Cancellation Date ............................ 235 
Auction Covered Transaction ....................... 235 
Auction Final Price ....................................... 236 
Auction Final Price Determination Date ....... 236 
Auction Settlement Date ............................... 236 
Auction Settlement Notice .................... 223, 236 
Authorised Offeror ........................................... xi 
Authorised Offeror Contract ............................. x 
Authorised Offeror Terms ..............................viii 
Authorised Offerors ......................................... xi 
Automatic Early Redemption Amount153, 174, 
195, 211 
Automatic Early Redemption Date153, 174, 195, 
211 
Automatic Early Redemption Event153, 
174, 
195, 211 
Automatic Early Redemption Level...... 154, 211 
Automatic Early Redemption Payout154, 
174, 
195, 211 
Automatic Early Redemption Price ...... 174, 195 
Automatic Early Redemption Range154, 
174, 
195, 211 
Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date
 .......................................... 154, 174, 195, 211 
Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Period
 .......................................... 154, 175, 195, 212 
Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Time
 .......................................... 154, 175, 195, 212 
Available stable funding ............................... 452 
Average Basket Value ................................... 134 
Average Best Value ...................................... 134 
Average Highest ........................................... 279 
Average Market ............................................ 279 
Average Rainbow Value ............................... 134 
Average RI Value ......................................... 134 
Average Worst Value .................................... 134 
Averaging Date ..................... 154, 175, 195, 212 
Aviso ..................................................... 469, 470 
bail in ............................................................ 455 
BANIF .............................................................. 8 
Bank .................................................................. 1 
Bank Millennium .................................... 14, 426 
Bank Millennium Group ............................... 437 
Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive ......... 5

--- Page 531 ---
- 516 - 
 
 
Banking Law .................................... 6, 449, 460 
Banking Package .............................................. 5 
Bankruptcy ................................................... 236 
Banque Privée .............................................. 421 
Barrier Count Condition ............................... 140 
Barrier Initial Average Price ........................ 135 
Barrier Initial Maximum Price ..................... 135 
Barrier Initial Minimum Price ...................... 135 
Barrier Initial Price ....................................... 134 
Barrier Percentage Strike Price..................... 129 
Base Currency .............................................. 212 
Base Prospectus ................................ 1, 292, 362 
Basel III ............................................................ 5 
Basel IV ........................................................ 449 
Basket ........................................................... 129 
Basket Companies ........................................ 176 
Basket Company.................... 165, 170, 172, 176 
Basket Intraday Value .................................. 135 
Basket of Indices .......................................... 155 
Basket of Shares ........................................... 176 
Basket Performance ...................................... 135 
Basket Price .................................................. 197 
Basket Trigger Event .................................... 197 
Basket Trigger Level .................................... 197 
Basket Value ................................................ 135 
BCA .............................................................. 440 
BCP .................................................................. 1 
Bearer Global Note ................................. 66, 287 
Bearer Notes ............................................... 1, 64 
BES .................................................................. 8 
Best Intraday Value ...................................... 135 
Best Lock Value(i) ....................................... 129 
Best Replace Percentage ............................... 129 
Best Value .................................................... 135 
Bid ................................................................ 265 
BIM ........................................................ 29, 433 
BMA ............................................................... 27 
Bond ............................................................. 257 
Bond Basis ...................................................... 90 
Bond or Loan ................................................ 257 
Bonus Percentage ......................................... 129 
Book Entry Noteholders ................................. 64 
Book Entry Notes ....................................... 1, 63 
Booster Percentage ....................................... 129 
Borrowed Money .......................................... 257 
BPA .............................................................. 434 
BRRD ....................................................... 5, 455 
BRRD II ....................................................... 449 
Business Day .......................................... 88, 389 
Business Day Convention............................... 89 
Calculated Additional Adjustment Amount . 152 
Calculated Additional Disruption Amount ... 172 
Calculated 
Additional 
Disruption 
Amount 
Determination Date .......................... 152, 172 
Calculated Extraordinary Event Amount ..... 169 
Calculated 
Extraordinary 
Event 
Amount 
Determination Date .................................. 169 
Calculated Foreign Exchange (FX) Disruption 
Amount ..................................................... 208 
Calculated Foreign Exchange (FX) Disruption 
Amount Determination Date ..................... 208 
Calculated Index Adjustment Amount .......... 151 
Calculated 
Index 
Adjustment 
Amount 
Determination Date ................................... 151 
Calculation Agent ........................................... 63 
Calculation Agent City Business Day ........... 236 
Calculation Agent Determination ................. 147 
Calculation 
Agent 
Physical 
Settlement 
Amendment Notice ................................... 236 
Calculation Agent Physical Settlement Notice
 .................................................................. 237 
Calculation Date ................................... 139, 197 
Call Cap Percentage ...................................... 129 
Call Constant Percentage .............................. 129 
Call Floor Percentage .................................... 129 
Call Leverage ................................................ 129 
Call Rate ....................................................... 129 
Call Spread Percentage ................................. 129 
Call Spread Rate ........................................... 129 
Call Strike Percentage ................................... 129 
Cap Percentage[1][2] .................................... 129 
Capital Requirements Regulation ..................... 5 
Cappuccino Barrier Condition ...................... 140 
Cappuccino Barrier Value ............................. 129 
CAs ............................................................... 469 
Cash Settled Notes ...................................... 1, 65 
Cash Settlement Notice ......................... 224, 237 
CBR ...................................................... 439, 440 
CEA .............................. 293, 353, 362, 415, 497 
Central de Valores Mobiliários ......................... 1 
Certificate.................................................. 1, 289 
Certificate Balance ........................................ 283 
CET1 ................................................................. 8 
CFI ................................................................ 495 
CFTC ............................ 293, 353, 362, 415, 497 
Change in Law ...................... 146, 187, 197, 212 
Change of Law ...................................... 155, 176 
CHF ................................................................. 27 
CISA ..................................................... 293, 362 
CJEU ....................................................... 14, 427 
Clearance System .................................. 155, 176 
Clearance System Business Days ......... 155, 176 
Clearing Systems .......................................... 495 
Clearstream, Luxembourg ..................... 1, 64, 65 
Cliquet Digital Performance ......................... 130 
CMID ............................................................ 454 
CMVM ...................................................... 5, 447 
Code ................................................................ 94 
Combination Interest Note ............................ 116 
Combination Note ........................................... 65 
Combination Notes ........................................... 1 
Combination Redemption Note .................... 117 
Component Security...................................... 155 
Composite Index ........................................... 155 
Conditionally Transferable Obligation ......... 237 
Conditions ......................................... 1, 292, 362 
Conforming Reference Obligation ................ 237 
Consent Required Loan ................................. 244 
Constant Percentage[1][2][3][4] ................... 130

--- Page 532 ---
- 517 - 
 
 
control........................................................... 101 
Coupon Airbag Percentage ........................... 130 
Coupon Barrier Condition [1] ...................... 140 
Coupon Barrier Condition [2] ...................... 140 
Coupon Barrier Value .................................. 130 
Coupon Barrier[1][2][3][4] .......................... 130 
Coupon Lock in ............................................ 130 
Coupon Valuation Date ................................ 139 
Coupon Valuation Time ....................... 155, 176 
Coupon Value ............................................... 130 
Couponholders................................................ 64 
Coupons .......................................................... 64 
Court of Auditors .......................................... 464 
CRA Regulation ................................... 349, 350 
CRD .............................................................. 448 
CRD IV ............................................................ 5 
CRD V .......................................................... 449 
Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms
 .................................................................. 237 
Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee
 .................................................................. 237 
Credit Event .................................................. 237 
Credit Event Amount .................................... 237 
Credit Event Backstop Date ......................... 238 
Credit Event Determination Date ................. 238 
Credit Event Notice ...................................... 239 
Credit Event Payment Date .......................... 239 
Credit Event Redemption Amount ............... 240 
Credit Event Resolution Request Date ......... 242 
Credit Events .................................................. 55 
Credit Linked Conditions ....................... 63, 220 
Credit Linked Note ................................. 65, 117 
Credit Linked Notes ......................................... 1 
Credit Linked Redemption Note .................. 117 
Credit Settlement Date ................................. 242 
CRR .......................................................... 5, 448 
CRR II .......................................................... 449 
Currency Amount ......................................... 242 
Currency Jurisdictions .................................... 49 
Currency Rate ............................................... 242 
Currency Rate Source ................................... 242 
Current Interest Period ................................. 130 
Cut-off Date .................................................... 95 
Cut-Off Date ................................................. 187 
Day Count Fraction ........................................ 89 
DC Announcement Coverage Cut-off Date .. 242 
DC Credit Event Announcement .................. 242 
DC Credit Event Meeting Announcement .... 242 
DC Credit Event Question ............................ 242 
DC Credit Event Question Dismissal ........... 243 
DC Cut-off Date ........................................... 243 
DC Determination Cut-off Date ................... 229 
DC No Credit Event Announcement ............ 243 
DC Party ....................................................... 243 
DC Resolution .............................................. 243 
DC Rules ...................................................... 243 
DC Secretary ................................................ 243 
Dealer ............................................................... ii 
Dealers .............................................................. ii 
Decree-Law No. 157/2014 ........................... 448 
Deed of Covenant ................................... 64, 289 
Default Requirement ..................................... 243 
Definitive Bearer Note .................................... 64 
Definitive Bearer Notes .................................. 63 
Delayed Index Level Event ........................... 187 
Delayed Payment Cut-off Date ..................... 194 
Delayed Payment Notice ............................... 194 
De-Listing ..................................................... 167 
Deliver .................................................. 243, 281 
Deliverable Obligation .................................. 244 
Deliverable Obligation Category .................. 244 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristics ......... 244 
Deliverable Obligation Provisions ................ 247 
Deliverable Obligation Terms ....................... 247 
Delivered ....................................................... 243 
Delivery ........................................................ 243 
Delivery Agent .......................................... 63, 94 
Delivery Date .......................................... 96, 247 
Deloitte ................................................. 439, 512 
Delta-1 Termination Amount ........................ 197 
Depositary Receipt ........................................ 166 
Designated Maturity........................................ 72 
Determination Date ....................................... 187 
Determination Date(s) ..................................... 89 
Determination Period ...................................... 89 
DGF .......................................................... 8, 460 
DGS .......................................................... 9, 454 
DGS Directive ............................................... 468 
Digital Coupon Condition [1] ....................... 140 
Digital Coupon Condition 2 .......................... 141 
Direct Loan Participation .............................. 245 
Dispute .............................................................. x 
Disrupted Day ....................... 155, 176, 197, 212 
Disruption Cash Redemption Amount ............ 98 
Disruption Event ........................................... 207 
Disruption Fallback ....................................... 207 
distributor .......................................................... ii 
Domestic Currency ....................................... 247 
Domestic Law ............................................... 247 
DORA ............................................................. 10 
Downstream Affiliate .................................... 247 
DTAs ............................................................... 32 
Dual Currency Note ........................................ 65 
Dual Exchange Rate .............................. 146, 212 
Due and Payable Amount ............................. 247 
Early Closure ................................ 156, 176, 198 
EBA .......................................................... 5, 448 
ECB ........................................................... 5, 447 
EDIS ......................................................... 6, 454 
EDS ............................................................... 130 
EDS Barrier Percentage ................................ 130 
Eligible Information ...................................... 248 
Eligible Transferee ........................................ 248 
EM Calculation Agent Determination .......... 212 
EM Disruption Event .................................... 208 
EM Disruption Fallback ................................ 212 
EM First Fallback Reference Price ............... 213 
EM FX Price Source ..................................... 213 
EM 
Maximum 
Cumulative 
Days 
of 
Postponement ............................................ 213

--- Page 533 ---
- 518 - 
 
 
EM Maximum Days of Postponement ......... 213 
EM Number of Settlement Days .................. 213 
EM Price Materiality Percentage .................. 213 
EM Primary Rate .......................................... 213 
EM Second Fallback Reference Price .......... 213 
EM Secondary Rate ...................................... 213 
EM Settlement Day ...................................... 213 
EM Valuation Postponement ........................ 213 
EM Valuation Time ...................................... 213 
EMIR ...................................................... 10, 469 
Entitlement ................................................... 248 
Entitlement Value ......................................... 130 
Equity Element ............................................. 128 
Equity Linked Conditions....................... 63, 165 
Equity Linked Interest Note ......................... 116 
Equity Linked Note ........................................ 65 
Equity Linked Notes ................................... 1, 52 
Equity Linked Redemption Note .................. 116 
ESMA .......................................................... iv, 5 
ESRB .............................................................. 30 
ETF ............................................................... 198 
ETF Price ...................................................... 198 
EU Taxonomy .............................................. 453 
EUR ................................................................. vi 
Euro ................................................................. vi 
Eurobond Basis............................................... 90 
Euroclear .............................................. 1, 63, 65 
Euronext Dublin ........................1, 292, 293, 362 
Exchange ............................... 156, 165, 176, 198 
Exchange Based Adjustment ........ 151, 167, 193 
Exchange Bonds ........................................... 275 
Exchange Business Day ............... 156, 176, 198 
Exchange Business Day (All Fund Shares Basis)
 .................................................................. 198 
Exchange Business Day (All Indices Basis) . 156 
Exchange Business Day (All Shares Basis) .. 177 
Exchange Business Day (Cross Asset Basis)156, 
177, 198 
Exchange Business Day (Per Fund Share Basis)
 .................................................................. 198 
Exchange Business Day (Per Index Basis) ... 157 
Exchange Business Day (Per Share Basis) ... 177 
Exchange Business Day (Single Fund Share 
Basis) ........................................................ 198 
Exchange Business Day (Single Index Basis)
 .................................................................. 157 
Exchange Business Day (Single Share Basis)
 .................................................................. 177 
Exchange Date .............................................. 287 
Exchange Disruption .................... 157, 177, 198 
Exchange Rate .............................................. 199 
Excluded Deliverable Obligation ................. 249 
Excluded Obligation ..................................... 249 
Exempt Notes ............................................. 1, 64 
Exercise Cut-off Date ................................... 249 
Expenses ......................................................... 97 
Extension Date ............................................. 249 
Extraordinary Event ..................................... 167 
Extraordinary Event Effective Date ............. 177 
Extraordinary Event Notice .......................... 193 
Extraordinary Fund Event ............................. 190 
Extraordinary Fund Event Action ................. 193 
Extraordinary Fund Event Effective Date ..... 199 
Extraordinary Fund Event Notification Date 193 
extremely high .............................................. 452 
fail or likely to fail ........................................ 455 
Failure to Deliver .................................. 177, 199 
Failure to Deliver due to Illiquidity ................ 99 
Failure to Deliver Redemption Amount .......... 99 
Failure to Pay ................................................ 249 
Fallback Bond ............................................... 187 
Fallback Settlement Method ......................... 250 
FATCA ......................................................... 491 
Final Calculation Date .......................... 139, 199 
Final Coupon Rate ........................................ 130 
Final Day .............................................. 145, 210 
Final Day Count Fraction .............................. 130 
Final Interest Period ...................................... 130 
Final Interest Rate ......................................... 130 
Final List ....................................................... 250 
Final Price ..................................................... 250 
Final Redemption Condition ......................... 141 
Final Redemption Condition [1] ................... 141 
Final Redemption Condition [2] ................... 141 
Final Redemption Condition Level [1][2][3][4]
 .................................................................. 130 
Final Redemption Value ............................... 130 
Final Terms .......................................... i, viii, 63 
Financial Centre .............................................. 93 
First Entity ............................ 101, 153, 174, 235 
First Fallback Reference Price ...................... 147 
First Obligation ............................................. 257 
First Ranking ................................................. 284 
First Ranking Interest .................................... 284 
First Reference Entity ................................... 239 
First-to-Default Credit Linked Notes ............ 250 
Fixed Cap ...................................................... 250 
Fixed Rate Note .............................................. 64 
Floating Rate Convention ............................... 89 
Floating Rate Note .......................................... 64 
Floor Lock in ................................................ 131 
Floor Percentage [1][2] ................................. 131 
Following Business Day Convention .............. 89 
Foreign Exchange (FX) Linked Conditions .... 63 
Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Interest 
Note ........................................................... 116 
Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Note ..... 65 
Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Note 
Conditions ................................................. 207 
Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Notes ...... 1 
Foreign 
Exchange 
(FX) 
Rate 
Linked 
Redemption Note ...................................... 117 
Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Notes ................ 58 
foreign passthru payments ............................ 491 
Forward ......................................................... 131 
FP .......................................................... 238, 241 
FR Additional Rate ....................................... 131 
FR Cap Percentage ........................................ 131 
FR Condition Level....................................... 131 
FR Constant Percentage ................................ 131

--- Page 534 ---
- 519 - 
 
 
FR Floor Percentage ..................................... 131 
FR Leverage ................................................. 131 
FR MT up Rate ............................................. 131 
FR Rate ......................................................... 131 
FR Rate DCF ................................................ 131 
FR Rate MT .................................................. 131 
FR Spread ..................................................... 131 
FR Strike Percentage .................................... 131 
FR Value ...................................................... 131 
freely tradable ............................................... 100 
FTT ............................................................... 493 
Full Quotation .............................................. 250 
Fully Transferable Obligation ...................... 250 
Fund .............................................................. 199 
Fund Basket .................................................. 199 
Fund Business Day ....................................... 199 
Fund Business Day (All Fund Shares Basis) 199 
Fund Business Day (Per Fund Share Basis) . 199 
Fund Documents ........................................... 199 
Fund Linked Conditions ......................... 63, 189 
Fund Linked Interest Note ............................ 116 
Fund Linked Note ........................................... 65 
Fund Linked Notes ..................................... 1, 54 
Fund Linked Redemption Note .................... 117 
Fund Non-Valuation Date ............................ 196 
Fund Service Provider .................................. 199 
Fund Share(s) ............................................... 199 
Fund Valuation Date .................................... 199 
Fundamental review of the trading book ...... 449 
Further DC Resolution ................................. 286 
Further Subordinated Obligation .................. 250 
FX ................................................. 131, 427, 436 
FX Average Level ........................................ 135 
FX Closing Level ......................................... 135 
FX Maximum Level ..................................... 135 
FX Minimum Level ...................................... 135 
FX Value ...................................................... 135 
FX-indexed ..................................................... 14 
GDP .................................................................. 1 
GDPR ............................................................. 10 
General Condition .......................................... 63 
General Conditions ......................................... 63 
General Inconvertibility........................ 146, 213 
General Non-Transferability ................ 146, 213 
Global Note .................................................... 63 
Government Bond Yield Rate ........................ 70 
Governmental Authority ............... 146, 214, 250 
Governmental Intervention ........................... 251 
Grace Period ................................................. 251 
Grace Period Business Day .......................... 251 
Grace Period Extension Date ........................ 252 
G-SII ......................................................... 6, 451 
Guarantee ..................................................... 252 
guaranteeing ................................................. 281 
guarantor ....................................................... 281 
H 223, 275 
Hedge Disruption Event ............................... 252 
Hedge Disruption Obligation ....................... 252 
Hedge Provider ............................................. 200 
Hedging Arrangements ........................... 99, 252 
Hedging Disruption146, 157, 177, 187, 200, 214 
Hedging Shares ..................................... 157, 177 
high ............................................................... 452 
Highest .................................................. 278, 279 
Highest Basket Value .................................... 135 
Highest Best Intraday Value ......................... 135 
Highest Best Value ....................................... 135 
Highest Rainbow Value ................................ 135 
Highest RI Intraday Value ............................ 135 
Highest RI Value .......................................... 136 
Highest Worst Value ..................................... 136 
Himalaya Basket(i) ....................................... 131 
H-L ................................................................ 240 
holder of Notes ........................................ 66, 289 
holders ............................................................. 63 
HQLA ........................................................... 452 
ICT .................................................................. 10 
IGA ............................................................... 491 
Illiquidity ...................................................... 167 
Illiquidity Disruption ............................ 146, 214 
IMF ................................................................. 28 
Implied Embedded Option Value ................. 200 
Implied Embedded Option Value Determination 
Date ........................................................... 200 
Increased Cost of Hedging146, 157, 177, 187, 
200, 214 
Increased Cost of Stock Borrow ........... 158, 178 
Index ..................................................... 158, 188 
Index Adjustment Event ............................... 150 
Index Cancellation ................................ 150, 188 
Index Correction Period ................................ 158 
Index Disruption ........................................... 150 
Index Linked Conditions ......................... 63, 150 
Index Linked Interest Note ........................... 116 
Index Linked Note .......................................... 65 
Index Linked Notes ..................................... 1, 51 
Index Linked Redemption Note .................... 116 
Index Modification................................ 150, 188 
Index Sponsor ....................................... 158, 188 
Indicative Quotation...................................... 231 
Indices ........................................................... 158 
Industry Requirement .................................... 276 
Inflation Linked Conditions .................... 63, 183 
Inflation Linked Interest Note ....................... 116 
Inflation Linked Note ...................................... 65 
Inflation Linked Notes ................................ 1, 53 
Inflation Linked Redemption Note ............... 116 
Inflation Rate ................................................ 136 
Initial Average Price ..................................... 136 
Initial Calculation Date ......................... 139, 200 
Initial Closing Price ...................................... 136 
Initial Maximum Price .................................. 136 
Initial Minimum Price ................................... 136 
Initial Price ............................................ 170, 172 
Initial SER..................................... 147, 295, 364 
Initial Settlement Exchange Rate .................. 147 
Initial Stock Loan Rate ......................... 158, 178 
Insolvency ..................................................... 168 
Insolvency Filing .......................................... 178 
Instalment Note ............................................... 65

--- Page 535 ---
- 520 - 
 
 
instrução ............................................... 460, 467 
Instrument ....................................................... 63 
Instrument Payments .................................... 283 
Insurance Distribution Directive .................. 471 
Insured Instrument ........................................ 283 
Insured Obligor ............................................. 283 
insurer ........................................................... 281 
insuring ......................................................... 281 
Interbolsa .................................................... 1, 64 
Interest .......................................................... 284 
Interest Amount .............................................. 71 
Interest Determination Date ........................... 71 
Interest Period ................................................ 66 
Interest Period End Date ........................... 66, 67 
Interest Period End Final Date ....................... 66 
Intergovernmental Agreement ...................... 459 
Intervening Period .......................................... 97 
Intraday Level............................................... 136 
Intraday Price ............................................... 136 
Inverse Performance ..................................... 136 
Investor ........................................................... vii 
Investor's Currency ......................................... 46 
IRB ................................................................... 6 
ISDA ............................................................ 252 
ISDA Physical Settlement Matrix ................ 285 
Issue Terms ................................................ 1, 64 
Issuer ................................... 1, viii, 63, 290, 361 
ITS ................................................................ 470 
Joint Potential Successor .............................. 275 
Joint Relevant Obligation ............................. 275 
K 131 
Knock-in Determination Day 158, 178, 200, 214 
Knock-in Determination Period158, 178, 200, 
214 
Knock-in Event...................... 158, 178, 200, 214 
Knock-in Level ..................................... 158, 214 
Knock-in Period Beginning Date158, 178, 201, 
214 
Knock-in Period Ending Date158, 178, 201, 215 
Knock-in Price ...................................... 178, 201 
Knock-in Range ..................... 158, 178, 201, 215 
Knock-in Valuation Time ...... 158, 178, 201, 215 
Knock-in Value ............. 131, 158, 178, 201, 215 
Knock-out Determination Day159, 178, 201, 
215 
Knock-out Determination Period159, 179, 201, 
215 
Knock-out Event.................... 159, 179, 201, 215 
Knock-out Level ................................... 159, 215 
Knock-out Period Beginning Date159, 179, 201, 
215 
Knock-out Period Ending Date159, 179, 201, 
215 
Knock-out Price .................................... 179, 201 
Knock-out Range ................... 159, 179, 201, 215 
Knock-out Valuation Time .... 159, 179, 202, 216 
Knock-out Value ........... 131, 159, 179, 201, 216 
KPIs .............................................................. 423 
L 223, 275 
Largest Asset Package .................................. 252 
Latest Maturity Restructured Bond or Loan 252, 
269 
LCR ........................................................... 7, 452 
less significant" institutions .......................... 454 
Lever Down .................................................. 131 
Lever Up [1][2] ............................................. 132 
Leverage ....................................................... 132 
Limitation Date ............................................. 252 
Listed ............................................................ 258 
Listing Change .............................................. 168 
Listing Suspension ........................................ 168 
LLR ................................................................. 19 
Loan .............................................................. 257 
Loans ............................................................. 275 
Local Floor Percentage ................................. 132 
Lock-in Coupon Barrier Condition ............... 141 
Lock-in Coupon Level .................................. 132 
Lock-in Coupon Value .................................. 132 
Lock-in Redemption Condition .................... 141 
Lock-in Redemption Level ........................... 132 
Lock-in Redemption Value ........................... 132 
London Business Day ........................... 202, 254 
Loss of Stock Borrow ........................... 159, 179 
Loss Percentage ............................................ 132 
Lowest Basket Value .................................... 136 
Lowest Best Value ........................................ 136 
Lowest Rainbow Value ................................. 136 
Lowest RI Intraday Value ............................. 136 
Lowest RI Value ........................................... 136 
Lowest Worst Intraday Value ....................... 136 
Lowest Worst Value ..................................... 137 
LPN ............................................................... 284 
LPN Issuer .................................................... 284 
LPN Reference Obligation ............................ 284 
LRE ............................................................... 439 
M 132 
M(M)R Restructuring ................................... 252 
MAM .............................................................. 29 
Market ........................................................... 278 
Market Disruption Event ............... 159, 179, 202 
Market Value ........................................ 231, 252 
Markit Published LPN Reference Obligation 284 
Material Change in Circumstance ......... 147, 216 
Max ............................................................... 132 
Maximum Maturity ....................................... 245 
Maximum Stock Loan Rate .................. 160, 179 
MDA ............................................................. 455 
Merger Event ........................................ 168, 253 
Mergor .......................................................... 253 
MID ............................................................... 168 
Mid-market ................................................... 265 
MiFID II .................................................. 10, 469 
MiFID Product Governance Rules .................... ii 
MiFIR ..................................................... 10, 469 
Millennium bim ............................................ 433 
Min ................................................................ 132 
Min Coupon .................................................. 132 
Minimum Quotation Amount ........................ 253 
Ministerial Order No. 150/2004 .............. 48, 486 
ML/TF ........................................................... 469

--- Page 536 ---
- 521 - 
 
 
M-MDA ........................................................ 458 
Modified Eligible Transferee ....................... 253 
Modified Following Business Day Convention
 .................................................................... 89 
Modified Postponement................ 154, 175, 196 
Modified Restructuring Maturity Limitation 
Date .......................................................... 253 
Modified Value(i,k) ...................................... 132 
Movement Option ......................................... 253 
Movement Option Cut-off Date ................... 254 
MPE .............................................................. 439 
MREL ........................................8, 439, 440, 449 
Multiple Holder Obligation .......................... 280 
Multiplier Condition ..................................... 142 
Multiplier Level ............................................ 132 
Multiplier Number ........................................ 132 
Multiplier Value ........................................... 132 
n 132, 241 
N 132, 223 
Nationalisation.............................. 147, 168, 216 
NAV ............................................................... 23 
NAV Barrier ................................................. 202 
NAV per Fund Share .................................... 202 
NAV Trigger Event ...................................... 202 
NAV Trigger Percentage .............................. 202 
NAV Trigger Period ..................................... 202 
NBP .............................................................. 432 
nEDS ............................................................ 133 
Next Currency Fixing Time .......................... 254 
nfixed ............................................................ 133 
NGN ............................................................. 287 
No Auction Announcement Date ................. 254 
Non-Conforming Reference Obligation ....... 254 
Non-Conforming 
Substitute 
Reference 
Obligation ................................................. 254 
Non-Contingent Amount .............................. 259 
Non-Financial Instrument ............................. 254 
Non-Principal Protected Termination Amount
 .................................................................. 203 
Non-Standard Credit Event Determination Date
 .................................................................. 254 
Non-Standard Reference Obligation ............ 256 
Non-Tranched Linear Basket Credit Linked 
Notes ......................................................... 220 
Non-Transferable Instrument ....................... 256 
non-United States person293, 353, 362, 415, 497 
Not applicable................................................. 91 
Not Bearer .................................................... 245 
Not Domestic Currency ................................ 258 
Not Domestic Issuance ................................. 258 
Not Domestic Law ........................................ 258 
Not Sovereign Lender .................................. 258 
Not Subordinated .......................................... 257 
Noteholder .............................................. 66, 289 
Noteholders .................................................... 63 
Notes ................................... 1, viii, 63, 290, 361 
Notice Delivery Date .................................... 256 
Notice Delivery Period ................................. 256 
Notice of Physical Settlement .............. 224, 256 
Notice of Publicly Available Information .... 256 
Notice to Exercise Movement Option ........... 256 
Novo Banco ...................................................... 8 
NPA .............................................................. 439 
NPEs ............................................................... 12 
NPLs ............................................................... 12 
NSFR ........................................................ 7, 449 
Nth-to-Default Credit Linked Notes ............. 256 
Number of NAV Publication Days ............... 203 
NYC Business Day ............................... 148, 217 
OAT ................................................................ 70 
obligation ...................................................... 281 
Obligation ..................................................... 256 
Obligation Acceleration ................................ 258 
Obligation Category ...................................... 257 
Obligation Characteristics ............................. 257 
Obligation Currency...................................... 258 
Obligation Default ........................................ 258 
obligor ........................................................... 281 
Observation Date .................. 160, 179, 203, 216 
Observation Period........................ 161, 180, 203 
Ocidental Vida .............................................. 435 
OCR .............................................................. 455 
Offer .............................................................. 265 
Offering Documents .......................................... 1 
Omission ....................................... 154, 175, 196 
Option ........................................................... 133 
Options Exchange ......................................... 170 
Original Calculation Amount ................ 295, 364 
Original Non-Standard Reference Obligation
 .................................................................. 259 
O-SII ......................................................... 6, 451 
OTC ................................................................ 10 
Outstanding Amount ............................. 225, 259 
Outstanding Principal Balance ...................... 259 
P2G ........................................................... 7, 455 
P2G-LR ......................................................... 455 
P2R ........................................................... 7, 453 
Package Observable Bond ............................ 259 
Paid Coupon Percentage ............................... 133 
Parallel Auction ............................................ 259 
Parallel Auction Cancellation Date ............... 259 
Parallel Auction Settlement Terms ............... 259 
Parallel Notice of Physical Settlement Date . 260 
Partial Cash Settlement Amount ................... 232 
Partial Cash Settlement Date ......................... 232 
Partial Cash Settlement Notice ..................... 231 
Partial Redemption Amount ......................... 279 
Partly Paid Note .............................................. 65 
Paying Agents ................................................. 63 
Payment ........................................................ 257 
Payment Day ................................................... 93 
Payment Requirement ................................... 260 
Payout Conditions ................................... 63, 116 
Percentage Range .......................................... 168 
Performance .................................................. 137 
Performance Difference ................................ 137 
Performing RI Strike Price ............................ 137 
Permanent Bearer Global Note ..................... 287 
Permissible Deliverable Obligations ............. 260 
Permitted Contingency .................................. 260

--- Page 537 ---
- 522 - 
 
 
Permitted Transfer ........................................ 260 
Physical Delivery Price ................................ 133 
Physical Settlement Amendment Notice ..... 225, 
260 
Physical Settlement Period ........................... 260 
Physically Settled Notes ............................. 1, 65 
Podium Condition ......................................... 142 
Portuguese Paying Agent ............................... 63 
Post Dismissal Additional Period ................. 261 
Postponed Interest Payment Date ................. 230 
Postponed Maturity Date .............................. 230 
Postponed Redemption Date ........................ 194 
Postponement ............................... 154, 175, 196 
Potential Adjustment Event .......................... 166 
Potential Adjustment Event Effective Date .. 167 
Potential Credit Event .................................. 261 
Potential Failure to Pay ................................ 261 
Potential Repudiation/Moratorium ............... 261 
Preceding Business Day Convention .............. 89 
Previous Interest ........................................... 133 
Price Materiality ................................... 147, 216 
Price Source .................................................. 216 
Price Source Disruption ........................ 147, 216 
PRIIPs..................................................... 10, 469 
Principal Paying Agent ................................... 63 
Principal Protected Termination Amount ..... 203 
Prior DC Resolution ..................................... 286 
Prior Deliverable Obligation ........................ 261 
Prior Reference Obligation ........................... 258 
Private-side Loan .......................................... 261 
Programme ....................................................... 1 
Programme Terms ........................................ 497 
Prohibited Action ......................................... 261 
Proindicus ....................................................... 29 
Protected Amount ................................. 203, 240 
prudential backstop ....................................... 448 
PSD 2 ..................................................... 10, 469 
PSN Cut-off Date ......................................... 261 
PSN Effective Date ...................................... 262 
Public Source ................................................ 262 
Publicly Available Information .................... 263 
Put ................................................................ 133 
Put Cap Percentage ....................................... 133 
Put Constant Percentage ............................... 133 
Put Floor Percentage .................................... 133 
Put Leverage ................................................. 133 
Put Spread .................................................... 133 
Put Strike Percentage .................................... 133 
Qualifying Affiliate Guarantee ..................... 263 
Qualifying Guarantee ................................... 263 
Qualifying Participation Seller ..................... 264 
Qualifying Policy ......................................... 283 
Quantum of the Claim .................................. 264 
quick fix ................................................ 448, 454 
Quotation .............................................. 232, 264 
Quotation Amount ................................ 233, 265 
Quotation Dealer .......................................... 265 
Quotation Method ................................. 233, 265 
quoted Eurobonds ......................................... 490 
RA Barrier [1][2][3][4]................................. 133 
RA Barrier Value .......................................... 133 
Rainbow Value ............................................. 137 
Range Accrual Countdown Condition .......... 142 
Range Accrual Coupon Condition ................ 142 
Range Accrual Cut-Off Date......................... 139 
Range Accrual Day ....................................... 139 
Range Accrual Stub Day ....................... 142, 143 
Range Period ................................................. 139 
Range Period End Date ................................. 139 
Ranked Value ................................................ 137 
Ranking ......................................................... 133 
RAS ............................................................... 424 
Rate [A][B][C] .............................................. 133 
Rate(n) .......................................................... 133 
Rebased Index ....................................... 185, 188 
Receiptholders ................................................ 64 
Receipts ........................................................... 64 
Redeemed Amount........................................ 169 
Redemption Proceeds .................................... 194 
Redemption Valuation Date .......................... 139 
Reference Entities ........................................... 55 
Reference Entity ..................................... 55, 265 
Reference Entity Notional Amount ............... 265 
Reference Item ............................................ v, 65 
Reference Item [1][2]….[N] ......................... 133 
Reference Item Linked Interest Note ...... 65, 116 
Reference Item Linked Note ....................... v, 65 
Reference Item Linked Notes ........................... v 
Reference Item Linked Redemption Note ..... 117 
Reference Item Rate ...................................... 134 
Reference Item Rate Linked Interest Note .... 116 
Reference Item Rate Linked Note ................... 65 
Reference Item Rate Linked Redemption Note
 .................................................................. 117 
Reference Items ................................................ v 
Reference Month ........................................... 188 
Reference Obligation ............................ 265, 284 
Reference Obligation Only Notes ................. 266 
Reference Obligations Only .......................... 257 
Reference Spread [1][2] ................................ 134 
Reference Transaction .................................. 266 
Related Bond ................................................. 188 
Related Bond Redemption Event .................. 188 
Related Exchange ......................... 161, 180, 203 
Relevant Asset Redemption Event .................. 99 
Relevant City Business Day .......................... 266 
relevant Dealer .................................................. ii 
Relevant Event .............................................. 192 
Relevant Guarantee ....................................... 266 
Relevant Holder ............................................ 266 
Relevant Level .............................. 161, 187, 188 
Relevant Obligations ..................................... 266 
Relevant Party ................................................... x 
Relevant Period ............................................. 167 
Relevant Price ............................................... 180 
Relevant Screen Page ............................ 147, 216 
Relevant Time ............................................... 267 
RENA ................................................... 238, 240 
Replaced Deliverable Obligation Outstanding 
Amount ............................................. 225, 267

--- Page 538 ---
- 523 - 
 
 
Replacement Deliverable Obligation .... 225, 267 
Representative Amount ................................ 267 
Repudiation/Moratorium .............................. 267 
Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date ... 267 
Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Condition
 .................................................................. 267 
Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice .. 268 
Residual Amount .......................................... 128 
Resolution Fund ....................................... 8, 459 
Resolve ......................................................... 268 
Resolved ....................................................... 268 
Resolves ....................................................... 268 
Restrike Performance ................................... 137 
Restructured Bond or Loan .......................... 268 
Restructuring ........................................ 268, 280 
Restructuring Date ........................................ 269 
Restructuring Maturity Limitation Date ....... 269 
Revised Currency Rate ................................. 270 
RI Average Value ......................................... 137 
RI Closing Value .......................................... 137 
RI Composite Value ..................................... 137 
RI FX Level .................................................. 138 
RI FX Rate ................................................... 138 
RI FX Strike Level ....................................... 138 
RI Growing Average Value .......................... 138 
RI Initial Value ............................................. 138 
RI Intraday Level .......................................... 138 
RI Intraday Value ......................................... 138 
RI Inverse Value ........................................... 138 
RI Restrike Value ......................................... 138 
RI Value ....................................................... 138 
RI Value Difference ..................................... 138 
RI Weighting ................................................ 134 
Rules .............................................................. viii 
RWA ................................................ 6, 436, 448 
Scheduled Averaging Date ................... 196, 197 
Scheduled Closing Time....................... 161, 180 
Scheduled Credit Settlement Date ................ 242 
Scheduled Maturity Date .............. 270, 296, 364 
Scheduled Termination Date ........................ 249 
Scheduled Trading Day ......... 161, 180, 203, 216 
Scheduled Trading Day (All Fund Share Basis)
 .................................................................. 203 
Scheduled Trading Day (All Indices Basis) . 161 
Scheduled Trading Day (All Shares Basis) .. 180 
Scheduled Trading Day (Cross Asset Basis) 161, 
180, 204 
Scheduled Trading Day (Per Fund Share Basis)
 .................................................................. 204 
Scheduled Trading Day (Per Index Basis).... 161 
Scheduled Trading Day (Per Share Basis).... 180 
Scheduled Trading Day (Single Fund Share 
Basis) ........................................................ 204 
Scheduled Trading Day (Single Index Basis)162 
Scheduled Trading Day (Single Share Basis)181 
Scheduled Valuation Date ............ 162, 181, 204 
Screen Page .......................................... 162, 181 
Second Fallback Reference Price ................. 148 
Second Obligation ........................................ 257 
Section 871(m) Regulations ......................... 492 
Securities Act .............................. ii, 66, 293, 362 
Senior Obligation .......................................... 270 
Seniority Level .............................................. 270 
SER Additional Disruption Event ................. 147 
SER Base Currency............................... 144, 147 
SER Disrupted Day ....................................... 147 
SER Disruption Event ................................... 144 
SER Disruption Fallback .............................. 147 
SER 
Maximum 
Cumulative 
Days 
of 
Postponement ............................................ 148 
SER Maximum Days of Postponement ......... 148 
SER Number of Settlement Days .................. 148 
SER Price Materiality Percentage ................. 148 
SER Price Source .......................................... 148 
SER Primary Rate ......................................... 148 
SER Scheduled Trading Day ........................ 148 
SER Secondary Rate ..................................... 148 
SER Settlement Day ..................................... 148 
SER Subject Currency .......... 144, 148, 294, 363 
SER Subject Currency Jurisdiction ............... 148 
SER Unscheduled Holiday ........................... 148 
SER Valuation Date ...................................... 149 
SER Valuation Time ..................................... 149 
Series ............................................................... 64 
Set/Zero Recovery Price ............................... 270 
Settlement Business Day ................................. 99 
Settlement Currency 41, 144, 147, 270, 294, 363 
Settlement Cycle ................................... 162, 181 
Settlement Disruption Event ........................... 99 
Settlement Exchange Rate ............................ 147 
Settlement Level ........................................... 162 
Settlement Level Date ................................... 162 
Settlement Method ........................................ 270 
Settlement Notice .................................. 221, 222 
Settlement Price ............................ 181, 204, 217 
Settlement Price Date .................... 181, 204, 218 
SFDR ............................................................ 453 
Share ..................................... 165, 170, 172, 181 
Share Company ..................................... 165, 181 
Share Correction Period ................................ 181 
Shares .................................................... 165, 181 
SIM ............................................................... 433 
Simple Interest .............................................. 204 
Single Reference Entity Credit Linked Notes
 .................................................................. 270 
SKOK Piast ................................................... 426 
SocGen .......................................................... 427 
sociedade anónima ........................................ 419 
Solvency Capital Provisions ......................... 270 
Sovereign ...................................................... 270 
Sovereign Restructured Deliverable Obligation
 .................................................................. 270 
Sovereign Succession Event ......................... 270 
Specified Currency ....................................... 258 
Specified Denomination(s) ............................. 64 
Specified Interest Amount Note ...................... 64 
Specified Maximum Days of Disruption ..... 162, 
181, 205, 218 
Specified Note ............................................... 492 
Specified Notes ............................................... 46

--- Page 539 ---
- 524 - 
 
 
Specified Notes Currency ............................... 64 
Specified Number ......................................... 270 
Spread ........................................... 134, 205, 276 
Spread Requirement ..................................... 276 
SRB .................................................................. 5 
SREP ........................................................ 6, 461 
SRF ............................................................... 454 
SRM ................................................................. 6 
SRM Regulation ....................................... 5, 455 
SRMR II ....................................................... 449 
SRO List ....................................................... 271 
SSM .................................................. 6, 447, 454 
ST Coupon Valuation Date(s) ...................... 139 
ST Coupon Valuation Period ........................ 139 
ST ER Valuation Date .................................. 139 
ST ER Valuation Period ............................... 139 
ST FR Valuation Date .................................. 139 
ST FR Valuation Period ............................... 139 
ST Redemption Valuation Date .................... 140 
ST Redemption Valuation Period ................. 140 
ST Valuation Date ........................................ 140 
ST Valuation Period ..................................... 140 
Standard Reference Obligation ..................... 271 
Standard Specified Currency ........................ 271 
Standard Unwind Costs .................................. 99 
State Rights .................................................... 34 
Steps Plan ..................................................... 271 
Sterling ............................................................ vi 
Stop-Loss Event ........................................... 181 
Strike Date ..................... 162, 181, 188, 205, 218 
Strike Day ...................... 162, 181, 188, 205, 218 
Strike Percentage [1][2] ................................ 134 
Strike Period .................. 162, 181, 188, 205, 218 
Subject Currencies ........................................ 218 
Subject Currency .......................................... 218 
Subject Currency Jurisdiction ....................... 218 
Subordinated ................................................. 257 
Subordinated Obligation ............................... 271 
Subordination ............................................... 257 
Substitute Asset ............................................ 100 
Substitute Assets ........................................... 100 
Substitute Inflation Index Level ........... 183, 188 
Substitute Reference Obligation ................... 271 
Substitute Reference Obligation Resolution 
Request Date ............................................. 273 
Substitute Share .................................... 170, 172 
Substitution ................................................... 194 
Substitution Date .......................... 170, 172, 273 
Substitution Event ................................ 193, 273 
Substitution Event Date ................................ 273 
sub-unit ........................................................... 67 
succeed ......................................................... 275 
Succession Date ............................................ 273 
Successor ...................................................... 274 
Successor Associated Costs .......................... 277 
Successor Backstop Date .............................. 277 
Successor Index ............................ 150, 184, 188 
Successor Index Sponsor .............................. 150 
Successor Notice .......................................... 277 
Successor Resolution Request Date ............. 277 
Sum Rate ....................................................... 134 
Sum Rate(n) .................................................. 134 
Supplement to this Base Prospectus .................. 1 
Suspension Period ......................................... 233 
T 134 
Talons ............................................................. 64 
Target Coupon Percentage ............................ 134 
Target Determination Date ........................... 140 
Target Final Interest Period .......................... 140 
Target Settlement Day .................................... 89 
TARGET2 System .......................................... 88 
Tax Event ...................................................... 192 
Temporary Bearer Global Note ..................... 287 
Tender Offer ................................................. 168 
Termination ................................................... 166 
Termination Amount ..................................... 205 
Termination Date .......................................... 205 
Termination Event ........................................ 194 
the Bank ........................................................ 436 
the special regime approved by Decree-law No. 
193/2005 ................................................... 488 
the special regime approved by Decree-Law No. 
193/2005 ..................................................... 47 
top-tier banks ................................................ 458 
Total M ......................................................... 134 
Trade Date..................................................... 277 
Trading Disruption ........................ 162, 182, 205 
Tranche ........................................................... 64 
Tranched Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes
 .................................................................. 220 
Transaction Auction Settlement Terms ......... 277 
Transferable .................................................. 245 
TREA ............................................................ 439 
Trigger .......................................................... 221 
Triggering Reference Entity.......................... 221 
TSCR ............................................................ 455 
U.S. cent ........................................................... vi 
U.S. dollars ...................................................... vi 
U.S. person .................... 293, 353, 362, 415, 497 
U.S.$ ................................................................ vi 
UC ......................................................... 238, 241 
UK Benchmarks Regulation ........................... 43 
UKNF ........................................................... 432 
Undeliverable Obligation .............................. 277 
Underlying Finance Instrument .................... 284 
Underlying Loan ........................................... 284 
Underlying Obligation .................................. 278 
Underlying Obligor ....................................... 278 
Unscheduled Holiday .................................... 218 
Unwind Costs .................................... 98, 99, 278 
USD ................................................................. vi 
Valid Date ............................. 155, 176, 197, 218 
Valuation Date154, 163, 182, 205, 218, 233, 278 
Valuation Method ................................. 233, 278 
Valuation Postponement ............................... 148 
Valuation Time163, 176, 182, 206, 219, 233, 279 
Variable Data ................................................ 116 
Voting Shares ........................................ 247, 279 
Weighted Average Quotation ................ 233, 279 
Weighting ..................... 134, 164, 182, 206, 219

--- Page 540 ---
- 525 - 
 
 
Worst Intraday Value ................................... 138 
Worst Inverse Value ..................................... 139 
Worst Value .................................................. 139 
Zero Coupon Note .......................................... 65 
Zero/Set Recovery Notes .............................. 279

--- Page 541 ---
70-41044966 
ISSUER 
Banco Comercial Português, S.A. 
Praça Dom João I, 28 
4000-295 Oporto 
Portugal 
DEALER 
Banco Comercial Português, S.A. 
Avenida Prof. Dr. Cavaco Silva (Tagus Park) 
Building 2, Floor 2-Wing A 
2744-002 Porto Salvo 
Portugal 
PORTUGUESE PAYING AGENT AND 
DELIVERY AGENT 
CALCULATION AGENT 
Banco Comercial Português, S.A. 
Praça Dom João I, 28 – Sá da Bandeira, 239 
Floor 2 
4000-295 Oporto 
Portugal 
Banco Comercial Português, S.A. 
Avenida Dr. Mário Soares (Tagus Park) 
Building 10, Floor 1 
2744-002 Porto Salvo 
Portugal  
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To the Issuer 
To the Dealer 
as to Portuguese law 
as to the laws of England and Wales 
Morais Leitão, Galvão Teles, Soares da Silva & 
Associados, Sociedade de Advogados, SP, RL 
Rua Castilho, 165 
1070-050 Lisbon 
Portugal 
Clifford Chance 
10 Upper Bank Street 
London E14 5JJ 
United Kingdom 
LISTING AGENT 
Maples and Calder LLP 
75 St. Stephen's Green 
Dublin 2 
Ireland