--- Page 1 ---
1 
 
 
BANCA POPOLARE DELL’ALTO ADIGE S.P.A.  
(incorporated with limited liability as a società per azioni under the laws of the Republic of Italy) 
Euro 3,000,000,000 Covered Bond (Obbligazioni Bancarie Garantite) Programme 
unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed as to payments of interest and principal by 
VOBA CB S.R.L. 
(incorporated as a limited liability company in the Republic of Italy and registered at the Companies' 
Registry of Treviso-Belluno under registration number 04994460261) 
Except where specified otherwise, capitalised words and expressions in this Base Prospectus have the 
meaning given to them in the section entitled "Glossary". 
Under this Euro 3,000,000,000 covered bond programme (the "Programme"), Banca Popolare 
dell’Alto Adige S.p.A. ("BPAA" or the "Issuer") may from time to time issue European covered bonds 
(obbligazioni bancarie garantite europee) (the "Covered Bonds") denominated in any currency 
agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s). The maximum aggregate nominal amount of all 
Covered Bonds from time to time outstanding under the Programme will not exceed Euro 
3,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies calculated as described herein). VOBA CB S.r.l. 
(the "Guarantor") has guaranteed payments of interest and principal under the Covered Bonds 
pursuant to a guarantee (the "Covered Bond Guarantee") which is collateralised by a pool of assets 
(the "Cover Pool") made up of a portfolio of mortgage loans assigned to the Guarantor by the Seller 
and certain other assets held by the Guarantor, including funds generated by the portfolio and such 
assets pursuant to Title 1-bis of Italian law No. 130 of 30 April 1999, as amended from time to time 
(the “Law 130”) and regulated by the supervisory guidelines of the Bank of Italy set out in Part III, 
Chapter 3 of the “Disposizioni di vigilanza per le banche” (Circolare No. 285 of 17 December 2013), 
as amended and supplemented from time to time (the “BoI Regulations”). Recourse against the 
Guarantor under the Covered Bond Guarantee is limited to the Cover Pool. 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier 
(the "CSSF"), which is the competent authority in the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg for the purposes 
of the Regulation (UE) 2017/1129 (the "Prospectus Regulation"), as a base prospectus issued in 
compliance with the Prospectus Regulation for the purposes of giving information with regard to the 
issue of Covered Bonds under the Programme during the period 12 months after the date hereof. The 
CSSF has only approved this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, 
comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. In this context: (i) the 
approval of this Base Prospectus by the CSSF should not be considered as an endorsement of the 
Issuer and/or the Guarantor and/or the quality of the securities that are the subject of this Base 
Prospectus, (ii) the CSSF gives no undertaking as to the economic and financial soundness of the 
transaction or the quality or solvency of the Issuer and/or the Guarantor in line with the provisions of 
Article 6 (4) of the Luxembourg Law on Prospectuses for securities, and (iii) investors should make 
their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the securities subject of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 2 ---
2 
The requirement to publish a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation only applies to Covered 
Bonds which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market in the European Economic Area (the 
“EEA”) and/or offered to the public in the EEA other than in circumstances where an exemption is 
available under Article 1.4 of the Prospectus Regulation.  
Application has been made for Covered Bonds issued under the Programme during the period of 12 
months from the date of this Base Prospectus to be listed on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange and admitted to trading on the regulated market or on the segment limited to professional 
investors of the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (the “Professional Segment”), 
which is a regulated market for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU.  
This Base Prospectus is valid for 12 months from its date of approval in relation to Covered Bonds 
which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market in the EEA. The obligation to supplement 
this Base Prospectus in the event of a significant new factor, material mistake or material 
inaccuracy does not apply when this Base Prospectus is no longer valid. 
The Programme also permits Covered Bonds to be issued on the basis that (i) they will be admitted to 
listing, trading and/or quotation by such other or further competent authorities, stock exchanges 
and/or quotation systems as may be agreed with the Issuer or (ii) they will not be admitted to listing, 
trading and/or quotation by any competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system. 
An investment in Covered Bonds issued under the Programme involves certain risks. See the 
section entitled "Risk Factors" of this Base Prospectus for a discussion of certain risks and other 
factors to be considered in connection with an investment in the Covered Bonds. 
The Covered Bonds will be issued in dematerialised form and will be held on behalf of their 
ultimate owners by Monte Titoli S.p.A. whose registered office is in Milan, at Piazza degli Affari, 
No.6, Italy, ("Monte Titoli") for the account of the relevant Monte Titoli account holders. Monte 
Titoli will also act as depository for Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V., 1 boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 
Brussels ("Euroclear") and Clearstream Banking, société anonyme, 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, L-
1855, Luxembourg ("Clearstream"). The Covered Bonds issued in dematerialised form will at all 
times be held in book entry form and title to the Covered Bonds will be evidenced by book-entries in 
accordance with the provisions of Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998, as amended and 
supplemented (the "Financial Law") and implementing regulations and with the joint regulation of 
the Commissione Nazionale per le Società e la Borsa ("CONSOB") and the Bank of Italy dated 13 
August 2018 and published in the Official Gazette No. 201 of 30 August 2018, as subsequently 
amended and supplemented. No physical document of title will be issued in respect of the Covered 
Bonds issued in dematerialised form. 
Each Series or Tranche may, on or after the relevant issue, be assigned a rating specified in the 
relevant Final Terms by any rating agency which may be appointed from time to time by the Issuer in 
relation to any issuance of Covered Bonds or for the remaining duration of the Programme, to the 
extent that any of them at the relevant time provides ratings in respect of any Series of Covered Bonds. 
Where a Tranche or Series of Covered Bonds is to be rated, such rating will not necessarily be the 
same as the rating assigned to the Covered Bonds already issued. Whether or not the credit rating 
applied for in relation to any Tranche or Series of Covered Bonds will be (1) issued or endorsed by a 
credit rating agency established in the European Union and registered under Regulation (EC) No. 
1060/2009 on credit rating agencies (as amended, the “EU CRA Regulation”) or by a credit rating 
agency which is certified under the EU CRA Regulation and/or (2) issued or endorsed by a credit 
rating agency established in the United Kingdom (“UK”) and registered under Regulation (EC) No. 
1060/2009 on credit rating agencies, as it forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue

--- Page 3 ---
3 
of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “UK CRA Regulation”) or by a credit rating 
agency which is certified under the UK CRA Regulation will be disclosed in the Final Terms. The 
credit ratings included or referred to in this Base Prospectus have been issued by the Rating Agency 
which is established in the European Union and registered under the EU CRA Regulation as set out in 
the list of credit rating agencies registered in accordance with the EU CRA Regulation published on 
the website of the European Securities and Markets Authority (“ESMA”) pursuant to the EU CRA 
Regulation 
(for 
more 
information 
please 
visit 
the 
ESMA 
webpage 
https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-agencies/risk). In general, European regulated 
investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes if such rating is not issued by a 
credit rating agency established in the European Union and registered under the EU CRA Regulation 
unless (1) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in the European Union but is 
endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the European Union and registered under the EU 
CRA Regulation or (2) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in the European 
Union which is certified under the EU CRA Regulation. In general, UK regulated investors are 
restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes if such rating is not issued by a credit rating 
agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation unless (1) the rating is 
provided by a credit rating agency not established in the UK but is endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation or (2) the rating is provided by a 
credit rating agency not established in the UK which is certified under the UK CRA Regulation. 
A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold Covered Bonds and may be revised or 
withdrawn by any or all of the Rating Agencies and each rating shall be evaluated independently of 
any other. Please refer to the ESMA webpage http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-registeredand-
certified-CRAs in order to consult the updated list of registered credit rating agencies. 
The Covered Bonds of each Series or Tranche will mature on the date mentioned in the applicable 
Final Terms (each a “Maturity Date”). Before the relevant Maturity Date, the Covered Bonds of each 
Series or Tranche will be subject to mandatory and/or optional redemption in whole or in part in 
certain circumstances (as set out in the Conditions (as defined below)). No Covered Bonds having a 
maturity at issue of less than 12 months will be offered to the public or admitted to trading on a 
regulated market under this Base Prospectus. 
Prospective investors should have regard to the factors described under the section headed “Risk 
Factors” in this Base Prospectus. 
Amounts payable on Floating Rate Covered Bonds will be calculated by reference to EURIBOR as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the European Money 
Markets Institute (“EMMI” as administrator of EURIBOR) is included in ESMA’s register of 
administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by the European Securities and Markets 
Authority (“ESMA”) pursuant to Article 36 of the Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 (the “Benchmarks 
Regulation”). 
 
Arrangers for the Programme 
Unicredit  
Banca Finanziaria Internazionale S.p.A. 
 
Dealer for the Programme  
Unicredit  
Erste Group Bank AG

--- Page 4 ---
4 
 
 
The date of this Base Prospectus is 18 September 2023 
This Base Prospectus is valid until 18 September 2024

--- Page 5 ---
5 
 
RESPONSIBILITY STATEMENTS 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus. 
To the best of the knowledge and belief of the Issuer, (which has taken all reasonable care to ensure 
that such is the case) such information is in accordance with the facts and does not omit anything likely 
to affect the import of such information. 
The Guarantor accepts responsibility for the information included in this Base Prospectus in the 
sections headed “The Guarantor” and any other information contained in this Base Prospectus relating 
to itself. To the best of the knowledge and belief of the Guarantor, (which has taken all reasonable care 
to ensure that such is the case) such information is in accordance with the facts and does not omit 
anything likely to affect the import of such information. 
NOTICE 
This Base Prospectus is a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8.1 of the Prospectus Regulation 
and for the purposes of giving information which, according to the particular nature of the Covered 
Bonds, is necessary to enable investors to make an informed assessment of the assets and liabilities, 
financial position, profit and losses and prospects of the Issuer and of Guarantor and of the rights 
attaching to the Covered Bonds. 
This Base Prospectus should be read and understood in conjunction with any supplement thereto and 
with any document incorporated herein by reference (see section “Information incorporated by 
reference”). Full information on the Issuer and any Series of Covered Bonds is only available on the 
basis of the combination of the Base Prospectus and the relevant Final Terms. 
Capitalised terms used in this Base Prospectus shall have the meaning ascribed to them in the 
“Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds” below, unless otherwise defined in the single 
section of this Base Prospectus in which they are used. For the ease of reading this Base 
Prospectus, the “Glossary” below indicates the page of this Base Prospectus on which each 
capitalised term is first defined. 
The Issuer and, with respect to the information relating to itself only, the Guarantor, has confirmed to 
the Dealers (as defined herein) that this Base Prospectus contains all information with regard to the 
Issuer and the Covered Bonds which is material in the context of the Programme and the issue and 
offering of Covered Bonds thereunder; that the information contained herein is accurate in all material 
respects and is not misleading; that any opinions and intentions expressed by it herein are honestly held 
and based on reasonable assumptions; that there are no other facts with respect to the Issuer, the 
omission of which would make this Base Prospectus as a whole or any statement therein or opinions or 
intentions expressed therein misleading in any material respect; and that all reasonable enquiries have 
been made to verify the foregoing. 
No person has been authorised by the Issuer or the Guarantor to give any information which is not 
contained in or not consistent with this Base Prospectus or any other document entered into in relation 
to the Programme or any information supplied by the Issuer or the Guarantor or such other information 
as in the public domain and, if given or made, such information must not be relied upon as having been 
authorised by the Issuer, the Dealers or any party to the Programme Documents (as defined in the 
Conditions). 
This Base Prospectus is valid for twelve months following its date of approval and it and any 
supplement hereto as well as any Final Terms filed within these twelve months reflects the status as of

--- Page 6 ---
6 
their respective dates of issue. The offering, sale or delivery of any Covered Bonds may not be taken as 
an implication that the information contained in such documents is accurate and complete subsequent 
to their respective dates of issue or that there has been no adverse change in the financial condition of 
the Issuer or the Guarantor since such date or that any other information supplied in connection with 
the Programme is accurate at any time subsequent to the date on which it is supplied or, if different, the 
date indicated in the document containing the same.  
The Issuer has undertaken with the Dealers to supplement this Base Prospectus or publish a new Base 
Prospectus if and when the information herein should become materially inaccurate or incomplete and 
has further agreed with the Dealers to furnish a supplement to the Base Prospectus in the event of any 
significant new factor, material mistake or inaccuracy relating to the information included in this Base 
Prospectus which is capable of affecting the assessment of the Covered Bonds and which arises or is 
noted between the time when this Base Prospectus has been approved and the final closing of any 
Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds offered to the public or, as the case may be, when trading of any 
Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds on a regulated market begins, whichever occurs later, in respect of 
Covered Bonds issued on the basis of this Base Prospectus. In any case, the obligation to supplement 
this Base Prospectus in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or inaccuracy relating 
to the information included in this Base Prospectus does not apply when this Base Prospectus is no 
longer valid. 
Neither the Arrangers nor the Dealers nor any person mentioned in this Base Prospectus, with 
exception of the Issuer and the Guarantor, is responsible for the information contained in this Base 
Prospectus, any document incorporated herein by reference, or any supplement thereof, or any Final 
Terms or any document incorporated herein by reference, and accordingly, and to the extent permitted 
by the laws of any relevant jurisdiction, none of these persons accepts any responsibility for the 
accuracy and completeness of the information contained in any of these documents. 
The information contained in this Base Prospectus was obtained from the Issuer and the other sources 
identified herein, and the Arrangers and the Dealers have not verified such information. None of the 
Dealers or the Arrangers, or any of their respective affiliates or advisers, makes any representation, 
express or implied, or accepts any responsibility, with respect to the accuracy or completeness of any 
of the information in this Base Prospectus. None of the Dealers or the Arrangers shall be responsible 
for any matter which is the subject of any statement, representation, warranty or covenant of the Issuer 
contained in the Covered Bonds or any Programme Documents, or any other agreement or document 
relating to the Covered Bonds or any Programme Document, or for the execution, legality, 
effectiveness, adequacy, genuineness, validity, enforceability or admissibility in evidence thereof. In 
making an investment decision, investors must rely on their own examination of the terms of this 
offering, including the merits and risks involved. The contents of this Base Prospectus should not be 
construed as providing legal, business, accounting or tax advice. Each prospective investor should 
consult its own legal, business, accounting and tax advisers prior to making a decision to invest in the 
Covered Bonds.  
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other financial statements are intended to provide the basis of 
any credit or other evaluation and should not be considered as a recommendation by any of the Issuer, 
the Guarantor, the Arrangers or the Dealers that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any other 
financial statements should purchase the Covered Bonds. Each potential purchaser of Covered Bonds 
should determine for itself the relevance of the information contained in this Base Prospectus and its 
purchase of Covered Bonds should be based upon such investigation as it deems necessary. None of 
the Dealers or the Arrangers undertakes to review the financial condition or affairs of the Issuer, the

--- Page 7 ---
7 
Guarantor or the BPAA Group during the life of the arrangements contemplated by this Base 
Prospectus nor to advise any investor or potential investor in Covered Bonds of any information 
coming to the attention of any of the Dealers or the Arrangers. 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus, any document incorporated herein by reference and any Final 
Terms and the offering, sale and delivery of the Covered Bonds in certain jurisdictions may be 
restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms come are 
required by the Issuer and the Dealer to inform themselves about and to observe any such restrictions. 
For a description of certain restrictions on offers, sales and deliveries of Covered Bonds and on the 
distribution of the Base Prospectus or any Final Terms and other offering material relating to the 
Covered Bonds, see section “Subscription and Sale” of this Base Prospectus. In particular, the Covered 
Bonds have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as 
amended (the “Securities Act”). Subject to certain exceptions, Covered Bonds may not be offered, 
sold or delivered within the United States of America or to U.S. persons. Covered Bonds may not be 
offered, sold or delivered within the United States or to U.S. persons except in certain transactions 
exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
Neither this Base Prospectus, any supplement thereto, nor any Final Terms (or any part thereof) 
constitutes an offer, nor may they be used for the purpose of an offer to sell any of the Covered Bonds, 
or a solicitation of an offer to buy any of the Covered Bonds, by anyone in any jurisdiction or in any 
circumstances in which such offer or solicitation is not authorised or is unlawful. Each recipient of this 
Base Prospectus or any Final Terms shall be taken to have made its own investigation and appraisal of 
the condition (financial or otherwise) of the Issuer. 
The language of the Base Prospectus is English. Where a claim relating to the information contained in 
this Base Prospectus is brought before a court in a Member State, the plaintiff may, under the national 
legislation of the Member State where the claim is brought, be required to bear the costs of translating 
the Base Prospectus before the legal proceedings are initiated. 
This Base Prospectus may only be used for the purpose for which it has been published. 
This Base Prospectus and any Final Terms may not be used for the purpose of an offer or solicitation 
by anyone in any jurisdiction in which such offer or solicitation is not authorised or to any person to 
whom it is unlawful to make such an offer or solicitation. 
In this Base Prospectus, references to “€” or “euro” or “Euro” are to the single currency introduced at 
the start of the Third Stage of European Economic and Monetary Union pursuant to the Treaty 
establishing the European Community, as amended; references to “U.S.$” or “U.S. Dollar” are to the 
currency of the Unites States of America; references to “£” or “UK Sterling” are to the currency of the 
United Kingdom; reference to “Japanese Yen” is to the currency of Japan; reference to “Swiss Franc” 
or “CHF” are to the currency of the Swiss Confederation; references to “Italy” are to the Republic of 
Italy; references to laws and regulations are, unless otherwise specified, to the laws and regulations of 
Italy; and references to “billions” are to thousands of millions. 
Certain monetary amounts and currency conversions included in this Base Prospectus have been 
subject to rounding adjustments; accordingly, figures shown as totals in certain tables may not be an 
arithmetic aggregation of the figures which preceded them. 
Each initial and subsequent purchaser of a Covered Bond will be deemed, by its acceptance of the 
purchase of such Covered Bond, to have made certain acknowledgements, representations and 
agreements intended to restrict the resale or other transfer thereof as set forth therein and described in

--- Page 8 ---
8 
this Base Prospectus and, in connection therewith, may be required to provide confirmation of its 
compliance with such resale or other transfer restrictions in certain cases. 
The Arrangers are acting for the Issuer and no one else in connection with the Programme and will not 
be responsible to any person other than the Issuer for providing the protection afforded to clients of the 
Arrangers or for providing advice in relation to the issue of the Covered Bonds. 
In connection with the issue of any Series under the Programme, the Dealers which are specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as the stabilising manager (the “Stabilising Manager”) or any person acting for 
the Stabilising Manager may over-allot any such Series or effect transactions with a view to supporting 
the market price such Series at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail for a limited 
period. However, there may be no obligation on the Stabilising Manager (or any agent of the 
Stabilising Manager) to do this and there is no assurance that the Stabilising Manager will undertake 
stabilisation action. Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on which adequate public 
disclosure of the final terms of the offer of the Covered Bonds is made and, if begun, may be ended at 
any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 days after the issue date of the relevant Series 
and 60 days after the date of the allotment of any such Series. Such stabilising shall be in compliance 
with all applicable laws, regulations and rules. 
PRIIPs / IMPORTANT – EEA RETAIL INVESTORS - Unless the Final Terms in respect of any 
Cover Bonds specifies “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” as “Not Applicable”, the 
Covered Bonds are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area 
(“EEA”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client 
as defined in point (11) of article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU, as amended (“MiFID II”) or; (ii) a 
customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU, as amended (the “Insurance Distribution 
Directive”), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of 
article 4(1) of MiFID II or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation. 
Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014, as amended 
(the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Covered Bonds or otherwise making them 
available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Covered 
Bonds or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the 
PRIIPs Regulation. 
MIFID II product governance / target market – The Final Terms in respect of any Covered Bonds 
will include a legend entitled “MiFID II Product Governance” which will outline the target market 
assessment in respect of the Covered Bonds and which channels for distribution of the Covered Bonds 
are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Covered Bonds (a 
“distributor”) should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor 
subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the 
Covered Bonds (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID 
Product Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the “EU MiFID Product 
Governance Rules”), any Dealer subscribing for any Covered Bonds is a manufacturer in respect of 
such Covered Bonds, but otherwise neither the Arrangers nor the Dealers nor any of their respective 
affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the EU MIFID Product Governance Rules. 
IMPORTANT – UK RETAIL INVESTORS – Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Covered 
Bond specifies “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” as “Not Applicable”, the Covered Bonds

--- Page 9 ---
9 
are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to any retail investor in the UK. For these purposes, a retail investor means a 
person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation 
(EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 
2018 (as amended, the “EUWA”); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the 
Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (“FSMA”) and any rules or regulations made under the 
FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional 
client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK 
Prospectus Regulation”). Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) 
No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) 
for offering or selling the Covered Bonds or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the 
UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Covered Bonds or otherwise making them 
available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.  
UK MiFIR product governance / target market – The Final Terms in respect of any Covered Bonds 
will include a legend entitled "UK MiFIR Product Governance" which will outline the target market 
assessment in respect of the Covered Bonds and which channels for distribution of the Covered Bonds 
are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Covered Bonds (a 
“distributor”) should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor 
subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK 
MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment 
in respect of the Covered Bonds (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR 
Product Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Covered Bonds is a manufacturer in respect 
of such Covered Bonds, but otherwise neither the Arrangers nor the Dealers nor any of their respective 
affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules. 
MARKET INFORMATION AND STATISTICS 
Unless otherwise indicated, information and statistics presented in this Base Prospectus regarding the 
market share of the Issuer are either derived from, or are based upon, the Issuer's analysis of data 
obtained from public sources. Although these sources are believed by the Issuer to be reliable, the 
Issuer has not independently verified such information. 
ALTERNATIVE PERFOMARNCE MEASURES 
This Base Prospectus contains certain financial measures (including the Issuer's profitability ratios and 
risk ratios, as well as certain other financial highlights and alternative performance indicators contained 
in information incorporated by reference in this Prospectus) that the Issuer considers as constituting 
alternative performance measures (“APMs”), as defined by the European Securities and Markets 
Authority's Guidelines on Alternative Performance Measures (ESMA/2015/1415). 
The following should be noted to ensure a proper interpretation of these APMs: 
APM 
Definition/reconciliation 
Cost to income ratio 
Ratio between (i) operating expenses and (ii) net 
operating income (calculated by reference to the

--- Page 10 ---
10 
reclassified statement) 
ROA (net profit / total assets) 
Ratio between (i) net income and (ii) average total 
assets 
Net non-performing loans / net loans to 
customers 
Ratio between (i) net non-performing loans and 
(ii) net loans to customers (taken from schedules 
to financial statements) 
Degree of non-performing loan hedging 
Ratio between (i) specific adjustments on non-
performing loans and (ii) gross amount of non-
performing loans to customers 
Texas ratio 
Net non-performing loans / Tangible equity 
The Issuer believes that the above APMs provide useful information to investors regarding the 
financial position and performance, allowing for comparison with similar measures published by other 
banks as well as average industry standards and better illustrating specific aspects and trends of the 
Issuer's business activity. 
The Issuer's audited non-consolidated annual financial statements as of 31 December 2021 and 31 
December 2022, including the auditors' report thereon, notes thereto and the relevant accounting 
principles, have been subject to audit by KPMG S.p.A. ("KPMG") in its capacity as independent 
auditor of the Issuer, as indicated in its report thereon. The APMs should be read together with the 
financial information included in the audited non-consolidated annual financial statements incorporated 
herein by reference. 
The Issuer's non-consolidated healf-year financial statements as of 30 June 2023, including the report 
on the review on the interim non-consolidated financial statements thereon, notes thereto and the 
relevant accounting principles, have been reviewed by KPMG in its capacity as independent auditor of 
the Issuer, as indicated in its report thereon. The APMs should be read together with the financial 
information included in the reviewed non-consolidated half-year financial statements incorporated 
herein by reference. 
The financial statements incorporated by reference herein are English translations of the Italian 
financial statements prepared for and used in Italy and have been translated for the convenience of 
international readers. The Issuer takes responsibility for the translation of the financial statements 
relating to it and incorporated by reference herein. 
KPMG has given, and has not withdrawn, its consent to the inclusion of its reports on the accounts of 
the Issuer in this Base Prospectus in the form and context in which they are included.

--- Page 11 ---
11 
 
CONTENTS 
 
RESPONSIBILITY STATEMENTS .................................................................................................... 5 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME ................................................................... 12 
RISK FACTORS .................................................................................................................................. 35 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME ............................................................................................. 72 
INFORMATION INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE ................................................................ 73 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS ............................................................................................................... 153 
USE OF PROCEEDS ......................................................................................................................... 166 
THE ISSUER ...................................................................................................................................... 167 
THE GUARANTOR .......................................................................................................................... 206 
THE ASSET MONITOR ................................................................................................................... 209 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME DOCUMENTS ................................................................ 210 
CREDIT STRUCTURE ..................................................................................................................... 225 
CASHFLOWS .................................................................................................................................... 235 
DESCRIPTION OF THE COVER POOL ....................................................................................... 241 
DESCRIPTION OF CERTAIN RELEVANT LEGISLATION IN ITALY ................................. 243 
TAXATION ........................................................................................................................................ 252 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE ........................................................................................................... 261 
GENERAL INFORMATION ............................................................................................................ 267 
GLOSSARY ........................................................................................................................................ 270

--- Page 12 ---
12 
 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following section contains a general description of the Programme for the purposes of the Article 
25 of the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980 and, as such, does not purport to be 
complete and is qualified in its entirety by the remainder of this Base Prospectus and, in relation to the 
terms and conditions of any Series or Tranche, the applicable Final Terms. Prospective purchasers of 
Covered Bonds should carefully read the information set out elsewhere in this Base Prospectus prior 
to making an investment decision in respect of the Covered Bonds. In this section, references to a 
numbered condition are to such condition in "Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds" below. 
PARTIES 
Issuer 
Banca Popolare dell’Alto Adige S.p.A., a bank incorporated in 
Italy as a joint stock company (società per azioni) whose 
registered office is in Bolzano, at Via del Macello, No. 55, Italy, 
registered with the Companies' Register of Bolzano under 
number 
00129730214, 
fiscal 
code 
and 
VAT 
number 
00129730214, Economic Administrative Index number BZ-9018 
and registered with the Bank of Italy pursuant to article 13 of 
Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September, 1993 (the “Banking 
Law”) under number 3630.1 and which is the parent company of 
the “Gruppo Bancario Banca Popolare dell’Alto Adige” (the 
“Issuer” or “BPAA”). 
Joint Arrangers 
Unicredit Bank AG, a bank incorporated as a public company 
limited by shares (aktiengesellschaft) organised under the laws of 
the Federal Republic of Germany, registered with commercial 
register administered by the Local Court of Munich at number 
HR B 421 48, belonging to the “Gruppo Bancario UniCredit” 
and having its head office at Arabellastr. 12, 81925 Munich, 
Federal Republic of Germany (“Unicredit”); and  
Banca Finanziaria Internazionale S.p.A., a bank incorporated 
under the laws of Italy as a “società per azioni”, having its 
registered office in Via V. Alfieri, 1, 31015 Conegliano (TV), 
Italy, share capital of Euro 91,743,007.00 fully paid up, tax code 
and enrolment in the Companies’ Register of Treviso-Belluno 
number 04040580963, VAT Group “Gruppo IVA FININT S.P.A.” 
– VAT number 04977190265, registered in the Register of the 
Banks under number 5580 pursuant to article 13 of the 
Consolidated Banking Act and in the Register of the Banking 
groups as Parent Company of the Banca Finanziaria 
Internazionale Banking Group, member of the “Fondo 
Interbancario di Tutela dei Depositi” and of the “Fondo 
Nazionale di Garanzia. (“Banca Finint” and, jointly with 
Unicredit, the “Joint Arrangers”).  
Dealers 
Unicredit and Erste Group Bank AG, a joint-stock corporation 
registered in the Austrian companies register at the Vienna 
commercial court with registration number FN 33209 m, with

--- Page 13 ---
13 
registered office at Am Belvedere 1, A-1100 Vienna, Austria 
(“Erste Group”) and any other dealer appointed from time to 
time in accordance with the Programme Agreement. 
Guarantor 
VOBA CB S.r.l., a limited liability company (società a 
responsabilità limitata) incorporated in the Republic of Italy 
pursuant to Law 130, with a duration until 31 December 2100, 
whose registered office is in Conegliano, at Via Vittorio Alfieri, 
No. 1, Italy, registered with the Companies' Register of Treviso 
and Belluno under No. 04994460261 (the “Guarantor”). 
Quotaholders 
(1) 
BPAA, owning a participation equal to 60% of the 
Guarantor’s quota capital; and 
(2) 
STICHTING URANO, a company incorporated under the 
laws of the Netherlands whose registered office is in 
Amsterdam, at Locatellikade No. 1, owning a participation 
equal to 40% of the Guarantor’s quota capital.   
Seller 
BPAA will act as seller pursuant to the Master Transfer 
Agreement  (the “Seller”).  
Subordinated Loan Provider 
BPAA will act as subordinated loan provider pursuant to the 
Subordinated Loan Agreement (the “Subordinated Loan 
Provider”). 
Servicer 
BPAA will act as servicer pursuant to the Servicing Agreement 
(the “Servicer”).  
Corporate Servicer  
Banca Finint will act as corporate servicer pursuant to the 
Corporate Services Agreement (the “Corporate Servicer”). 
Asset Monitor 
BDO Italia S.p.A., a joint stock company (società per azioni) 
incorporated under the laws of the Republic of Italy, having its 
registered office at Viale Abruzzi 94, 20131, Milan, Italy, fiscal 
code and enrolment with the companies register of Milan No. 
07722780967, included in the Register of Certified Auditors held 
by the Ministry for Economy and Finance – Stage general 
accounting office, at no. 167911, will act as asset monitor 
pursuant to the Asset Monitor Agreement (the “Asset Monitor”). 
Account Bank 
BNP Paribas, a company incorporated under the laws of the 
Republic of France, licensed to conduct banking operations, 
having its registered office at Boulevard des Italiens n. 16, Paris, 
France, registered with the Chamber of Commerce of Paris under 
number 662 042 449, with a fully paid-up share capital of Euro 
2,468,663,292, which acts for the purposes hereof through its 
Italian branch, whose offices are located at Piazza Lina Bo Bardi, 
3 20124, Milan, Italy, enrolled in the register of the banks held 
by the Bank of Italy under no. 5482, Fiscal code and VAT code 
no. 04449690157, REA n. 731270; as successor of “BNP Paribas 
Securities Services”, further to the merger by way of

--- Page 14 ---
14 
incorporation (fusione per incorporazione) of BNP Paribas 
Securities Services into BNP Paribas, which took place on 1 
October 2022 (“BNP Paribas, Italian Branch”) will act as 
account bank pursuant to the Cash Management and Agency 
Agreement (the “Account Bank”), for the purpose of 
maintaining and operating, inter alia, the Expense Account, the 
Collection Account, the Reserve Account, the Securities Account 
(if any), the Guarantor Payments Account, the Liquidity Buffer 
Account (if any) and the Liquidity Buffer Securities Account (if 
any). 
Guarantor Calculation Agent 
 
Banca Finint will act as guarantor calculation agent pursuant to 
the Cash Management and Agency Agreement (the “Guarantor 
Calculation Agent”). The Guarantor Calculation Agent will 
perform certain calculations and conduct certain tests pursuant to 
the Cash Management and Agency Agreement and the Cover 
Pool Administration Agreement.  
Test Calculation Agent 
BPAA (or any other entity being appointed as such in the future) 
will act as test calculation agent pursuant to the terms of the Cash 
Management and Agency Agreement (the “Test Calculation 
Agent”). 
Cash Manager 
BPAA will act as cash manager under the Cash Management and 
Agency Agreement (the “Cash Manager”). 
Covered Bond Swap 
Counterparty 
Any institution which agrees to act as covered bond swap 
counterparty (each, a “Covered Bond Swap Counterparty”) to 
the Guarantor under any swap agreement or other hedging 
agreements, if any, aimed at hedging certain interest rate risks 
and/or, if applicable, currency exposures in relation to the 
Guarantor’s obligations under the Covered Bonds, that may be 
entered into between the Guarantor and the relevant Covered 
Bond Swap Counterparty (the “Swap Agreements”). 
Issuer Paying Agent 
 
BPAA will act as Issuer Paying Agent under the Programme 
pursuant to the provisions of the Cash Management and Agency 
Agreement (the “Issuer Paying Agent”). 
Guarantor Paying Agent 
BNP Paribas, Italian Branch will act as Guarantor Paying Agent 
following the delivery of a Notice to Pay pursuant to the 
provisions of the of the Cash Management and Agency 
Agreement (the “Guarantor Paying Agent” and together with 
the Issuer Paying Agent, the “Paying Agents”). 
Luxembourg Listing Agent 
BNP Paribas, Luxembourg Branch, will act as Luxembourg 
listing agent under the Programme (the “Luxembourg Listing 
Agent”). 
Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders  
Banca Finint will act as representative of the covered 
bondholders pursuant to the Programme Agreement and the 
Rules of the Organisation of Covered Bondholders (the

--- Page 15 ---
15 
“Representative of the Covered Bondholders”).  
Back-Up Servicer Facilitator  
Banca Finint will act as back-up servicer facilitator pursuant to 
the Servicing Agreement (the “Back-Up Servicer Facilitator”).  
Stichting Corporate Services 
Provider 
Wilmington Trust Sp Services (London) Limited, a private 
limited liability company incorporated under the laws of 
England, having its registered office at Third Floor, 1 King’s 
Arms Yard, London EC2R 7AF, England, will act as Stichting 
Corporate Services Provider pursuant to the Stichting Corporate 
Services Provider pursuant to the Stichting Corporate Services 
Agreement. 
Ownership or control 
relationships between the 
principal parties 
 
As of the date of the Base Prospectus, no direct or indirect 
ownership or control relationships exist between the principal 
parties described above in this Section, other than the 
relationship existing between BPAA (as Issuer, Seller, Servicer 
and its other roles as indicated above) and the Guarantor, both of 
which belong to the BPAA Group.  
The entities belonging to the BPAA Group are subject to the 
direction and coordination (direzione e coordinamento) of 
BPAA. 
“BPAA Group” means jointly the banks and the other 
companies belonging from time to time to the Banca Popolare 
dell’Alto Adige S.p.A. banking group registered with the Bank 
of Italy pursuant to Article 64 of the Banking Law. 
Rating Agency 
Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited Sede Secondaria Italiana 
(“Fitch”), and/or any other rating agency which may be 
appointed from time to time by the Issuer in relation to any 
issuance of Covered Bonds or for the remaining duration of the 
Programme (the “Rating Agencies”). 
THE PROGRAMME 
 
Description 
A covered bond programme under which Covered Bonds will be 
issued by the Issuer to Covered Bondholders and guaranteed by 
the Guarantor. 
Programme Amount 
Up to € 3,000,000,000.00 (and for this purpose, any Covered 
Bonds (Obbligazioni Bancarie Garantite) denominated in 
another currency shall be translated into Euro at the date of the 
agreement to issue such Covered Bonds, and the Euro exchange 
rate used shall be included in the Final Terms) in aggregate 
principal amount of Covered Bonds outstanding at any time (the 
“Programme Limit”). The Programme Limit may be increased 
in accordance with the terms of the Programme Agreement. 
THE COVERED BONDS 
Form of Covered Bonds 
The Covered Bonds will be issued and will be held in

--- Page 16 ---
16 
dematerialised form. 
The Covered Bonds issued in dematerialised form will be held in 
dematerialised form on behalf of the beneficial owners, until 
redemption or cancellation thereof, by Monte Titoli for the 
account of the relevant Monte Titoli account holders. Each Series 
or Tranche will be deposited with Monte Titoli on the relevant 
Issue Date in accordance with Article 83-bis of the Financial 
Law, through the authorised institutions listed in Article 83-
quater of the Financial Law. Monte Titoli shall act as depositary 
for Clearstream and Euroclear. The Covered Bonds issued in 
dematerialised form will at all times be evidenced by, and title 
thereto will be transferable by means of, book-entries in 
accordance with (i) the provisions of Article 83-bis et seq. of the 
Financial Law and the relevant implementing regulations and (ii) 
the regulation issued by the bank of Italy and the Commissione 
Nazionale per le Società e perla Borsa (“CONSOB”) on 13 
August 2018, as subsequently amended and supplemented. No 
physical document of title will be issued in respect of the 
Covered Bonds issued in dematerialised form. 
The Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier (“CSSF”) 
has neither reviewed nor approved the information contained in 
this Prospectus in relation to any issuance of the Covered Bonds 
that are not to be publicly offered and not to be admitted to 
trading on the regulated market of any Stock Exchange in any 
EU Member State and for which a prospectus is not required in 
accordance with the Prospectus Regulation. 
Denomination of Covered 
Bonds 
In accordance with the Conditions, the Covered Bonds will be 
issued in such denominations as may be specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, subject to compliance with all applicable legal or 
regulatory or central bank requirements (see Condition 3 (Form, 
Denomination and Title)).  
The minimum denomination of each Covered Bond admitted to 
trading on a regulated market within the European Economic 
Area or offered to the public in a Member State of the European 
Economic Area in circumstances which require the publication 
of a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation will be 
€100,000 (or, if the Covered Bonds are denominated in a 
currency other than euro, the equivalent amount in such 
currency). 
Ranking of the Covered Bonds 
The Covered Bonds will constitute direct, unconditional, 
unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer, 
guaranteed by the Guarantor and will rank pari passu without 
any preference among themselves, except in respect of maturities 
of each Series or Tranche, and (save for any applicable statutory 
provisions) at least equally with all other present and future

--- Page 17 ---
17 
unsecured, unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer from time to 
time outstanding. 
Ratings 
Each Series or Tranche issued under the Programme may or may 
not be assigned a rating by the Rating Agency as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms on the Issue Date.  
Whether or not the credit rating applied for in relation to relevant 
Series of Covered Bonds will be (1) issued or endorsed by a 
credit rating agency established in the European Union and 
registered under the EU CRA Regulation or by a credit rating 
agency which is certified under the EU CRA Regulation and/or 
(2) issued or endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the 
UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation or by a credit 
rating agency which is certified under the UK CRA Regulation 
will be disclosed in the Final Terms. The credit ratings included 
or referred to this Base Prospectus have been issued by the 
Rating Agencies (as defined above), which are established in the 
European Union and registered under the EU CRA Regulation as 
set out in the list of credit rating agencies registered in 
accordance with the EU CRA Regulation published on the 
website of ESMA pursuant to the EU CRA Regulation. 
A credit rating, if provided, is not a recommendation to buy, sell 
or hold securities and may be subject to revision, suspension or 
withdrawal at any time by the Rating Agencies. 
Specified Currency  
Subject to any applicable legal or regulatory or central bank 
restrictions, such currency or currencies as may be agreed from 
time to time by the Issuer, the relevant Dealer(s), the Issuer 
Paying Agent or the Guarantor Paying Agent, as the case may be 
and the Representative of the Covered Bondholders (as set out in 
the applicable Final Terms). 
Maturity Date 
The maturity date for each Series or Tranche (the “Maturity 
Date”) will be specified in the relevant Final Terms, subject to 
such minimum or maximum maturities as may be allowed or 
required from time to time by the relevant central bank (or 
equivalent body) or any laws or regulations applicable to the 
Issuer or the currency of the Covered Bonds. Unless previously 
redeemed as provided in Condition 7(d) (Redemption at the 
option of the Issuer) or Condition 7(f) (Redemption at the option 
of Covered Bondholders), and subject to any provision regarding 
the extension of maturity which may be included in the Final 
Terms, the Covered Bonds of each Series or Tranche will be 
redeemed at their Principal Amount Outstanding on the relevant 
Maturity Date. 
Redemption of the Covered 
Bonds 
The applicable Final Terms relating to each Series or Tranche of 
Covered Bonds will indicate either (a) that the Covered Bonds

--- Page 18 ---
18 
cannot be redeemed prior to their stated maturity (other than in 
specified cases, e.g. redemption by instalments if applicable, 
taxation reasons, or if it becomes unlawful for any Covered 
Bonds to remain outstanding, or following a Guarantor Event of 
Default), or (b) that such Covered Bonds will be redeemable at 
the option of the Issuer upon giving notice to the Representative 
of Covered Bondholders on behalf of the holders of the Covered 
Bonds (the “Covered Bondholders”) and in accordance with the 
provisions of the Conditions and of the relevant Final Terms, on 
a date or dates specified prior to such maturity and at a price or 
prices and on such other terms as may be agreed between the 
Issuer and the Dealers (as set out in the applicable Final Terms) 
or (c) that such Covered Bonds will be redeemable at the option 
of the Covered Bondholders, as provided in Condition 7(f) 
(Redemption at the Option of Covered Bondholders). 
Covered Bonds may be redeemable as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms and, in any case, the redemption amount shall be at 
least equal to par value. Covered Bonds may also be redeemable 
in two or more instalments on such dates and in such manner as 
may be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Early Redemption of the 
Covered Bonds 
In certain circumstances indicated under the Conditions 
(including an early redemption (i) for tax reasons or illegality, or 
(ii) following a delivery by the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders of an Acceleration Notice upon the Covered Bond 
Guarantor), the Covered Bonds may be early redeemed at their 
Early Redemption Amount. 
“Early Redemption Amount” means, in respect of any Series of 
Covered Bonds, the principal amount of such Series or such 
other amount as may be specified in, or determined in 
accordance with, the relevant Final Terms. 
Tax Gross Up and Redemption 
for taxation reasons 
Payments in respect of the Covered Bonds to be made by the 
Issuer will be made without deduction for or on account of 
withholding taxes imposed by Italy, subject to the provisions of 
Condition 7(c) (Redemption for tax reasons).   
In the event that any such withholding or deduction is to be 
made, the Issuer will be required to pay additional amounts to 
cover the amounts so deducted. In such circumstances and 
provided that such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer 
taking reasonable measures available to it, the Covered Bonds 
will be redeemable (in whole, but not in part) at the option of the 
Issuer. See Condition 7(c) (Redemption for tax reasons). 
The Guarantor will not be liable to pay any additional amount 
due to taxation reasons following an Issuer Event of Default (as 
defined below).

--- Page 19 ---
19 
Redemption by instalments 
If the Covered Bonds are specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
being amortising and redeemable in instalments they will be 
redeemed in such number of instalments, in such amounts 
(“Instalment Amounts”) and on such dates as may be specified 
in or determined in accordance with the relevant Final Terms and 
upon each partial redemption as provided by the Condition 7(e) 
(Partial redemption and instalment redemption), the outstanding 
principal amount of each such Covered Bonds shall be reduced 
by the relevant Instalment Amount for all purposes. 
Extended Maturity Date 
The applicable Final Terms relating to each Series or Tranche of 
Covered Bonds may also provide that the Guarantor's obligations 
under the Covered Bond Guarantee to pay Guaranteed Amounts 
equal to the Final Redemption Amount of the applicable Series 
or Tranche of Covered Bonds on their Maturity Date may be 
deferred pursuant to the Conditions (the “Extended Maturity 
Date”). Such deferral will automatically occur, if so stated in the 
relevant Final Terms, if: 
(a) 
an Issuer Event of Default has occurred; and 
(b) 
the Guarantor has insufficient moneys available (in 
accordance with the Post-Issuer Event of Default Priority 
of Payments) to pay in full any amount representing the 
Guaranteed Amounts corresponding to the amount due 
(subject to the applicable grace period) in respect of the 
relevant Series or Tranche of Covered Bond as set out in 
the relevant Final Terms (the “Final Redemption 
Amount”) on the Extension Determination Date. 
In these circumstances, to the extent that the Guarantor has 
received a Notice to Pay and has sufficient Available Funds to 
pay in part the Final Redemption Amount in respect of the 
relevant Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds, the Guarantor shall 
make on each CB Payment Date according to the relevant Final 
Terms partial payment of the relevant Final Redemption 
Amount, in accordance with the Post-Issuer Event of Default 
Priority of Payments, without any preference among the Covered 
Bonds outstanding, except in respect of maturities of each Series 
or Tranche. 
Payment of all unpaid amounts shall be deferred automatically 
until the applicable Extended Maturity Date, provided that any 
amount representing the Final Redemption Amount due and 
remaining unpaid on the Maturity Date may be paid by the 
Guarantor on any CB Payment Date thereafter according to the 
relevant Final Terms, up to (and including) the relevant Extended 
Maturity Date.  
Interest will continue to accrue and be payable on any unpaid

--- Page 20 ---
20 
amount up to the Extended Maturity Date in accordance with 
Condition 7(b) (Extension of maturity).  
In the event of extension of maturity pursuant to Condition 9(b) 
the extension of the Maturity Date shall not affect the ranking or 
the sequencing of the Covered Bonds in case of liquidazione 
coatta amministrativa or resolution (risoluzione) of the Issuer. 
Notwithstanding the above, if the Maturity Date is extended as a 
consequence of the occurrence of an Article 74 Event (as defined 
below), upon termination of the Suspension Period and service of 
the Article 74 Event Cure Notice (as both defined below), the 
Issuer shall resume responsibility for meeting the payment 
obligations under any Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds in 
respect of which an Extension of Maturity has occurred. 
Extended Instalment Date 
The applicable Final Terms relating to each Series or Tranche of 
Covered Bonds may also provide that the Guarantor's obligations 
under the Covered Bond Guarantee to pay Guaranteed Amounts 
corresponding to an Instalment Amount of the applicable Series 
or Tranche of Covered Bonds on the relevant Covered Bond 
Instalment Date may be deferred pursuant to the Conditions (the 
“Extended Instalment Date”). Such deferral will automatically 
occur, if so stated in the relevant Final Terms, if: 
(a) 
an Issuer Event of Default has occurred; and 
(b) 
the Guarantor has insufficient moneys available (in 
accordance with the Post-Issuer Event of Default Priority 
of Payments) to pay the Guaranteed Amounts 
corresponding to the Instalment Amount in full in respect 
of the relevant Series or Tranche of Covered Bond as set 
out in the relevant Final Terms on the Instalment 
Extension Determination Date. 
Payment of all unpaid amounts shall be deferred automatically 
until the applicable Extended Instalment Date, provided that, 
any amount representing the Instalment Amounts due and 
remaining unpaid after the Instalment Extension Determination 
Date (as defined below) may be paid by the Guarantor on any 
CB Payment Date thereafter according to the relevant Final 
Terms, up to (and including) the relevant Extended Instalment 
Date. Interest will continue to accrue and be payable on any 
unpaid amount up to the Extended Instalment Date in accordance 
with Condition 7(j) (Extension of principal instalment). 
Tests 
The Programme provides that the assets of the Guarantor are 
subject to the statutory tests provided for under Article 7-
undecies of the Law 130, which are intended to ensure that the 
Guarantor can meet its obligations under the Covered Bond

--- Page 21 ---
21 
Guarantee. Accordingly, for so long as Covered Bonds remain 
outstanding, the Sellers and the Issuer must always ensure that 
the following tests are satisfied on each Test Calculation Date: 
- 
the Nominal Value Test; 
- 
the Net Present Value Test; 
- 
the Interest Coverage Test; 
(“Statutory Tests”); and 
- 
the Asset Coverage Test. 
(the “Statutory Tests” and, together the Asset Coverage Test 
collectively, the “Tests”). 
Amortisation Test 
Further to the Statutory Tests and the Asset Coverage Test, the 
Amortisation Test is intended to ensure that if, following an 
Issuer Event of Default and service of an Notice to Pay on the 
Issuer and the Guarantor (but prior to service on the Guarantor of 
a Acceleration Notice), the assets of the Guarantor available to 
meet its obligations under the Covered Bond Guarantee fall to a 
level where Covered Bondholders may not be repaid, a 
Guarantor Event of Default will occur and all obligations owing 
under the Covered Bond Guarantee may be accelerated. Under 
the Cover Pool Administration Agreement, the Guarantor must 
ensure that, on each Test Calculation Date following service of a 
Notice to Pay on the Issuer and the Guarantor but prior to a 
Guarantor Event of Default and service of a Acceleration Notice, 
the Amortisation Test Aggregate Loan Amount will be in an 
amount at least equal to the aggregate principal amount of the 
Covered Bonds as calculated on the relevant Test Calculation 
Date.  
For further details on the above, see "Credit Structure" below.
Liquidity Buffer Target 
Amount 
Pursuant to the Cover Pool Administration Agreement and in 
accordance with, and pursuant to, article 7-duodecies of Law 130 
and the BoI Regulations, for so long as the Covered Bonds 
remain outstanding, the Issuer shall procure on a continuing basis 
and on each Test Calculation Date, that the amount of Liquid 
Assets standing to the credit of the Accounts is equal to or higher 
than the maximum cumulative Net Liquidity Outflow of the 
Programme over the next 180 days. In accordance with article 7-
undecies, paragraph 2, letter c), of Law 130, the Liquid Assets 
standing to the credit of the Accounts shall be considered to 
contribute to the Cover Pool, provided that such liquid assets 
satisfy the requirements to qualify as eligible assets set forth in 
article 7-novies, paragraph 1, letter a), of Law 130. 
Pursuant to the Cover Pool Administration Agreement, the Test 
Calculation Agent shall verify that the Liquidity Buffer Target

--- Page 22 ---
22 
Amount is met on each Test Calculation Date (or Monthly Test 
Calculation Date, as the case may be). 
If, on any Test Calculation Date (or Monthly Calculation Date, 
as the case may be) the Liquidity Buffer Target Amount is not 
reached, upon notice of the Test Calculation Agent delivered in 
accordance with the Cover Pool Administration Agreement, the 
Issuer may: (i) sell Liquid Assets to the Guarantor in accordance 
with the Master Transfer Agreement and, to this extent, shall 
grant the funds necessary for payment of the purchase price of 
the assets to the Guarantor in accordance with the Subordinated 
Loan Agreement; and/or (ii) repurchase assets by exercising the 
call option provided for under the Master Transfer Agreement in 
accordance with, and subject to the terms, set out therein, and/or 
(iii) grant to the Guarantor funds under the Subordinated Loan 
Agreement, in an aggregate amount sufficient to ensure that the 
Liquidity Buffer Target Amount is reached as soon as 
practicable. 
If the breach of the Liquidity Buffer Target Amount is not 
remedied, the Issuer shall not issue further series of Covered 
Bonds compliant with Law 130 and the EU Directive on Covered 
Bonds. 
Exposure Limit 
Pursuant to the Cover Pool Administration Agreement, the Test 
Calculation Agent shall verify – on the basis of the information 
made available to it in accordance with the Programme 
Documents – that the Exposure Limit has been correctly 
calculated on each Test Calculation Date (or Monthly 
Calculation Date, as the case may be) and on any other date on 
which the verification of the Exposure Limit is required pursuant 
to the Programme Documents. 
If, on any date until the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default 
and if the Statutory Test are not breach, the Exposure Limit is not 
correctly calculated, the Test Calculation Agent shall give notice 
to the Issuer, the Seller, the Guarantor, the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders and the Asset Monitor of such 
miscalculation (sending a new Test Performance Report with 
such amount correctly calculated). In addition, the Issuer may (i) 
in its capacity as Seller, sell sufficient Eligible Assets, 
Integration Assets or Liquid Assets to the Guarantor in 
accordance with the Master Transfer Agreement; and/or (ii) in its 
capacity as Subordinated Loan Provider, request to the Guarantor 
to reimburse the Subordinated Loan in accordance with the 
Subordinated Loan Agreement; and/or (iii) in its capacity as 
Cash Manager invest part of the Liquid Assets and/or Integration 
Assest in excess of the Exposure Limit in form of securities 
eligible under Article 129, paragraph 1, letters (a) and (b) of the 
CRR, in an aggregate amount sufficient to ensure that the 
Exposure Limit is complied with as soon as practicable and in 
any event within one month following the delivery of the notice 
of the Test Calculation Agent.

--- Page 23 ---
23 
Minimum OC Requirement 
Pursuant to the Cover Pool Administration Agreement, (i) prior 
to occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default and service of a 
Notice to Pay on the Issuer and the Guarantor, the Test 
Calculation Agent will verify the Minimum OC Requirement as 
part of the Nominal Value Test on each Test Calculation Date (or 
Monthly Calculation Date, as the case may be) and (ii) following 
the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default and service of a 
Notice to Pay on the Issuer and the Guarantor (but prior to the 
service on the Guarantor of an Acceleration Notice), the Test 
Calculation Agent shall verify (in addition to the Amortisation 
Test being met) that the Minimum OC Requirement is met on 
each Test Calculation Date (or Monthly Calculation Date, as the 
case may be). 
If the Minimum OC Requirement is not reached in accordance 
with the provisions of the Cover Pool Administration Agreement, 
then 
the 
Guarantor, 
acting 
upon 
instructions 
of 
the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders (who shall act upon 
instructions of the Covered Bondholders in accordance with the 
Rules of the Organisation of the Covered Bondholders), shall (i) 
give instructions to the Cash Manager to invest all or part of the 
amounts standing to the Reserve Account in Eligible Assets, 
Integration Assets and/or Liquid Assets in form of securities 
eligible under Article 129 paragraph 1, (a) and (b), of the CRR 
and/or; (ii) instruct the Portfolio Manager to sell a sufficient 
amount of non eligible assets necessary to reach the Minimum 
OC Requirement. 
Role of the Asset Monitor 
The Asset Monitor will perform specific agreed upon procedures 
set out in an engagement letter entered into with the Issuer (the 
“Engagement Letter”). Pursuant to the Asset Monitor 
Agreement, the Asset Monitor will also perform specific 
monitoring activities concerning the compliance of the 
Programme with Title I-bis of Law 130 and the BoI Regulations 
including, inter alia, the calculation performed by the Test 
Calculation Agent in respect of the Tests, the Liquidity Buffer 
Target Amount, the Exposure Limit and the Minimum OC 
Requirement with a view to confirm whether such calculations 
are accurate. 
Issue Price  
Covered Bonds may be issued at an issue price which is at par or 
at a discount to, or at a premium over, par, as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms (in each case, the “Issue Price” for such 
Series or Tranche).  
Interest on the Covered Bonds 
Except for the Zero Coupon Covered Bonds and unless otherwise 
specified in the Conditions and the relevant Final Terms, the 
Covered Bonds will be interest-bearing and interest will be 
calculated on the principal amount outstanding of the relevant

--- Page 24 ---
24 
Covered Bonds (the “Principal Amount Outstanding”). Interest 
will be calculated on the basis of such Day Count Fraction in 
accordance with the Conditions and in the relevant Final Terms. 
Interest may accrue on the Covered Bonds at a fixed rate or a 
floating rate or on such other basis and at such rate as may be so 
specified in the relevant Final Terms and the method of 
calculating interest may vary between the Issue Date and the 
Maturity Date of the relevant Series or Tranche. 
Types of Covered Bonds 
In accordance with the Conditions, the Covered Bonds may be 
Amortising Covered Bonds, Fixed Rate Covered Bonds, Floating 
Rate Covered Bonds, Zero Coupon Covered Bonds, or a 
combination of any of the foregoing, depending upon the Interest 
Basis shown in the applicable Final Terms. The Covered Bonds 
may be Covered Bonds scheduled to be redeemed in full on the 
Maturity Date and Covered Bonds repayable in one or more 
instalments or a combination of any of the foregoing, depending 
on the Redemption/Payment Basis shown in the applicable Final 
Terms. Each Series or tranche shall be comprised of Fixed Rate 
Covered Bonds only or Floating Rate Covered Bonds only or 
Amortising Covered Bonds only or Zero Coupon Covered Bonds 
only or such other Covered Bonds accruing interest on such other 
basis and at such other rate as may be so specified in the relevant 
Final Terms only. 
Amortising Covered Bonds: Covered Bonds with a predefined 
amortisation schedule where, in addition to interest, the Issuer 
will pay, on each relevant CB Payment Date, a portion of 
principal up to the relevant Maturity Date (as set out in the 
applicable Final Terms) in instalments. 
Fixed Rate Covered Bonds: fixed interest on the Covered Bonds 
will be payable in accordance with the relevant Final Terms, on 
such date as may be agreed between the Issuer and the Dealer 
and on redemption and will be calculated on the basis of such 
Day Count Fraction provided for in the Conditions and the 
relevant Final Terms. 
Floating Rate Covered Bonds: Floating Rate Covered Bonds will 
bear interest at a rate determined in accordance with the 
Conditions and the relevant Final Terms. 
The margin (if any) relating to such floating rate will be agreed 
between the Issuer and the Dealers for each Series or Tranche of 
Floating Rate Covered Bonds. 
Other provisions in relation to Floating Rate Covered Bonds: 
Floating Rate Covered Bonds may also have a maximum interest 
rate, a minimum interest rate or both. 
Interest on Floating Rate Covered Bonds in respect of each CB

--- Page 25 ---
25 
Interest Period, as agreed prior to issue by the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer(s) (and indicated in the relevant Final Terms), 
will be payable on such Guarantor Payment Dates. 
Zero Coupon Covered Bonds: Zero Coupon Covered Bonds will 
be offered and sold at a discount to their nominal amount and 
will not bear interest. 
Cross Acceleration 
After the delivery of an Acceleration Notice with respect to a 
Series or Tranche, all Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds then 
outstanding will cross accelerate at the same time against the 
Guarantor, provided that the Covered Bonds do not otherwise 
contain a cross default provision and will thus not cross 
accelerate against the Guarantor in case of an Issuer Event of 
Default. 
Listing and admission to 
trading 
Application has been made for the approval of the Base 
Prospectus by the CSSF as a base prospectus issued in 
compliance with the Prospectus Regulation. Application will be 
made for Covered Bonds issued under the Programme to be 
admitted to trading on the regulated market or on the 
Professional Segment of the regulated market of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange and to be listed on the Official List of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange.  
Covered Bonds may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case 
may be, on other or further stock exchanges or markets agreed 
between the Issuer and the Dealers in relation to the Series or 
Tranche. Covered Bonds which are neither listed nor admitted to 
trading on any market may also be issued.  
The applicable Final Terms will state whether or not the relevant 
Covered Bonds are to be listed and/or admitted to trading and, if 
so, on which stock exchanges and/or markets. The CSSF has 
neither reviewed nor approved the information contained in this 
Base Prospectus in relation to any issuance of the Covered Bonds 
that are not to be publicly offered and not to be admitted to 
trading on the regulated market of any Stock Exchange in any 
EU Member State and for which a prospectus is not required in 
accordance with the Prospectus Regulation. 
Governing law 
The Covered Bonds and any non-contractual obligations arising 
out of, or in connection, thereof will be governed by Italian law 
or by any other law as set out in the relevant Final Terms. The 
Programme Documents and any non-contractual obligations 
arising out of, or in connection, thereof will be governed by 
Italian law, except for the Swap Agreements, if any, which will 
be governed by English law.  
THE GUARANTOR AND THE COVERED BOND GUARANTEE

--- Page 26 ---
26 
The Covered Bond Guarantee 
Under the terms of the Covered Bond Guarantee the Guarantor 
will be obliged to pay Guaranteed Amounts in respect of the 
Covered Bonds on the relevant Due for Payment Date in 
accordance with the relevant Priority of Payments (as defined 
therein).  
To ensure timely payment by the Guarantor, a Notice to Pay (as 
defined below) will be served on the Guarantor as a consequence 
of an Issuer Event of Default (as defined below). 
The obligations of the Guarantor to make payments in respect of 
the Guaranteed Amounts when due for payment are subject to 
the conditions that an Issuer Event of Default has occurred and a 
Notice to Pay has been served by the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders on the Issuer and on the Guarantor or, if 
earlier, a Guarantor Event of Default has occurred and an 
Acceleration Notice has been served on the Guarantor. The 
obligations of the Guarantor will accelerate with respect to all 
Guaranteed Amounts once an Acceleration Notice has been 
delivered to the Guarantor. 
The obligations of the Guarantor under the Covered Bond 
Guarantee shall constitute a first demand, unconditional and 
independent guarantee (garanzia autonoma) and certain 
provisions of the Italian civil code relating to non-autonomous 
personal guarantees (fidejussioni), specified in the MEF Decree, 
shall not apply to the Covered Bond Guarantee. Accordingly, the 
obligations under the Covered Bond Guarantee shall be direct, 
unconditional, unsubordinated obligations of the Guarantor, with 
limited recourse to the Available Funds (as defined below), 
irrespective of any invalidity, irregularity or unenforceability of 
any of the guaranteed obligations of the Issuer.  
Suspension of Payments 
If a resolution pursuant to Article 74 of the Consolidated 
Banking Act is passed in respect of the Issuer (the "Article 74 
Event"), the Guarantor, in accordance with Law 130, shall be 
responsible for the payments of the Guaranteed Amounts due and 
payable within the entire period in which the suspension 
continues (the "Suspension Period"). 
Following an Article 74 Event: 
(i) 
the Representative of the Covered Bondholders will serve 
an Issuer Default Notice on the Issuer and the Guarantor, 
specifying that an Article 74 Event has occurred and that 
such event may be temporary; and 
(ii) 
in accordance with the Law 130, the Guarantor shall 
be responsible for payment of the amounts due and 
payable under the Covered Bonds during the 
Suspension Period at their relevant due dates,

--- Page 27 ---
27 
provided that it shall be entitled to claim any such 
amounts from the Issuer. 
The Suspension Period shall end upon delivery by the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders of a notice to the 
Issuer, the Guarantor and the Asset Monitor (the "Article 74 
Event Cure Notice"), informing such parties that the Article 74 
Event has been revoked. 
Upon the termination of the Suspension Period the Issuer shall 
again be responsible for meeting the payment obligations under 
the Covered Bonds. 
Issuer Events of Default 
The following events with respect to the Issuer shall constitute 
“Issuer Events of Default”: 
(i) 
failure by the Issuer to pay any amount of interest and/or 
principal due and payable on the Covered Bonds of any 
Series or Tranche at their relevant Guarantor Payment 
Date and such breach is not remedied within the next 15 
Business Days, in case of amounts of interest, or 20 
Business Days, in case of amounts of principal, as the 
case may be; or 
(ii) 
breach by the Issuer of any material obligations under or 
in respect of the Covered Bonds (of any Series or 
Tranche outstanding) or any of the Programme 
Documents to which it is a party (other than any 
obligation for the payment of principal or interest on the 
Covered Bonds and/or any obligation to ensure 
compliance of the Cover Pool with the Statutory Tests), 
(except where, in the sole opinion of the Representative 
of the Covered Bondholders, such default is not capable 
of remedy in which case no notice will be required), and 
such failure remains unremedied for 30 days after the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders has given 
written notice thereof to the Issuer, certifying that such 
failure is, in its opinion, materially prejudicial to the 
interests of the Covered Bondholders and specifying 
whether or not such failure is capable of remedy; or  
(iii) 
any of the events described in paragraphs (i) to (ii) above 
occurs in respect of any other Series of Covered Bonds; 
or 
(iv) 
an Insolvency Event of the Issuer (other than, for the 
avoidance of doubt, resolution (risoluzione) and “misure 
di intervento precoce”) has occurred; or 
(v) 
an Article 74 Event has occurred (as defined below); or

--- Page 28 ---
28 
(vi) 
the Issuer ceases to carry on its primary business 
(because of the loss of its banking license or otherwise); 
or 
(vii) 
if, following the delivery of a Breach of Test Notice, the 
Statutory Tests and the Asset Coverage Test are not met 
at, or prior to, the next Test Calculation Date unless the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders or the 
Meeting of the Organisation of the Covered Bondholders 
resolves otherwise. 
If an Issuer Event of Default occurs, the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders may, at its sole discretion, or shall, if so 
directed by an Extraordinary Resolution, serve a written notice 
(the “Notice to Pay”) on the Issuer and the Guarantor declaring 
that an Issuer Event of Default has occurred (specifying, in case 
of an Article 74 Event that the Issuer Event of Default may be 
temporary). 
Upon the service of a Notice to Pay: 
(a) 
each Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds will accelerate 
against the Issuer and they will rank pari passu amongst 
themselves against the Issuer, provided that:  
(A) such events shall not trigger an acceleration 
against the Guarantor,  
(B) 
in accordance with Article 7-quaterdecies of Law 
130 and pursuant to the relevant provisions of the 
Programme Documents, the Guarantor shall be 
solely responsible for the exercise of the rights of 
the Covered Bondholders vis-à-vis the Issuer and  
(b) 
the Guarantor will pay any amounts due under the 
Covered Bonds in accordance with the provisions of the 
Covered Bond Guarantee (See Sections Covered Bond 
Guarantee);  
(c) 
the Statutory Tests and the verification of the Liquidity 
Buffer Target Amount shall continue to be applied and 
the 
Amortisation 
Test 
and 
the 
Minimum 
OC 
Requirement shall be also applied; 
(d) 
the Guarantor shall (only if necessary in order to timely 
effect any payments due under the Covered Bonds) 
direct the Servicer to sell the Receivables in accordance 
with the provisions of the Cover Pool Administration 
Agreement; 
(e) 
no further payments to the Seller under the Subordinated 
Loan Agreement shall be effected until all Covered 
Bonds are fully repaid or an amount equal to the

--- Page 29 ---
29 
Required Redemption Amount for each Series of 
Covered Bonds outstanding has been accumulated; 
(f) 
no further Eligible Assets, Integration Assets and/or 
Liquid Assets shall be transferred from the Seller to the 
Guarantor pursuant to Clause 2.3.2 and 2.3.3 of the 
Master Transfer Agreement; 
(g) 
no further Covered Bonds will be issued.  
provided that, in case of Article 74 Event, the effects listed in 
items from (a) to (c) above will only apply during the Suspension 
Period. Accordingly (A) the Guarantor, in accordance with Law 
130, shall be responsible for the payments of the amounts due 
and payable under the Covered Bonds during the Suspension 
Period and (B) at the end of the Suspension Period, the Issuer 
shall be again responsible for meeting the payment obligations 
under the Covered Bonds. The Suspension Period shall end upon 
delivery by the Representative of the Covered Bondholders of an 
Article 74 Event Cure Notice. 
Guarantor Events of Default 
Following an Issuer Event of Default and the service of a Notice 
to Pay, the following events shall constitute “Guarantor Events 
of Default”:  
(i) 
failure by the Guarantor to pay any interest and/or 
principal due and payable under the Covered Bond 
Guarantee and such breach is not remedied within the 
next following 15 Business Days, in case of amounts of 
interests, or 20 Business Days, in case of amounts of 
principal, as the case may be, it being understood that, 
for the avoidance of doubt, with reference to the failure 
by the Guarantor to pay any principal due at the Maturity 
Date, no Guarantor Event of Default shall occur should 
an Extended Maturity Date have been specified as 
applicable in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(ii) 
breach of the Amortisation Test on any Test Calculation 
Date (provided that, in case of an Issuer Event of Default 
consisting in an Article 74 Event, the Representative of 
the Covered Bondholders has not delivered an Article 74 
Event Cure Notice); or  
(iii) 
breach by the Guarantor of any material obligations 
under or in respect of the Covered Bonds (of any Series 
or Tranche outstanding) or any of the Programme 
Documents to which it is a party (other than any 
obligation for the payment of principal or interest on the 
Covered Bonds and/or any obligation to ensure 
compliance of the Cover Pool with the Tests), (except 
where, in the sole opinion of the Representative of the

--- Page 30 ---
30 
Covered Bondholders, such default is not capable of 
remedy in which case no notice will be required), and 
such failure remains unremedied for 30 days after the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders has given 
written notice thereof to the Issuer, certifying that such 
failure is, in its opinion, materially prejudicial to the 
interests of the Covered Bondholders and specifying 
whether or not such failure is capable of remedy; or 
(iv) 
an Insolvency Event of the Guarantor; or 
(v) 
the Covered Bond Guarantee is not in full force and 
effect or it is claimed by the Guarantor not to be in full 
force and effect. 
If a Guarantor Event of Default occurs, the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders shall serve a notice on the Guarantor (the 
“Acceleration Notice”) that a Guarantor Event of Default has 
occurred, unless an Extraordinary Resolution is passed resolving 
otherwise.  
Upon service of an Acceleration Notice upon the Guarantor: 
(i) 
the Covered Bonds shall become immediately due and 
payable at their Early Termination Amount together, if 
appropriate, with any accrued interest; 
(ii) 
subject to and in accordance with the terms of the 
Covered Bond Guarantee, the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders, on behalf of the Covered 
Bondholders, shall have a claim against the Guarantor 
for an amount equal to the Early Redemption Amount, 
together with accrued interest and any other amount due 
under the Covered Bonds (other than additional amounts 
payable under Condition 9(a) (Gross up)) in accordance 
with the Priority of Payments; 
(iii) the Guarantor shall immediately sell all assets included 
in the Cover Pool in accordance with the provisions of 
the Cover Pool Administration Agreement; and 
(iv) the Representative of the Covered Bondholders may, at 
its discretion and without further notice subject to having 
been indemnified and/or secured to its satisfaction, take 
such steps and/or institute such proceedings against the 
Issuer or the Guarantor (as the case may be) as it may 
think fit to enforce such payments, but it shall not be 
bound to take any such proceedings or steps unless 
requested or authorised by a Programme Resolution of 
the Covered Bondholders; 
(v) 
no further Eligible Assets, Integration Assets and/or

--- Page 31 ---
31 
Liquid Assets shall be transferred from the Seller to the 
Guarantor pursuant to the Master Transfer Agreement. 
Available Funds 
On each Guarantor Payment Date, the “Available Funds” shall 
include (a) the Interest Available Funds, (b) the Principal 
Available Funds and (c) the amounts received by the Guarantor 
as a result of any enforcement taken vis-à-vis the Issuer in 
accordance with Article 7-quaterdecies of Law 130 (the “Excess 
Proceeds”) provided that the Available Funds do not include the 
Swap Collateral. 
On each Guarantor Payment Date the “Interest Available 
Funds” shall include: 
(a) 
any interest collected by the Servicer in respect of the 
Cover Pool and credited into the Collection Account 
during the Collection Period preceding the relevant 
Guarantor Payment Date;  
(b) 
all interest deriving from the Eligible Investments made 
with reference to the immediately preceding Collection 
Period; 
(c) 
all recoveries in the nature of interest and penalties 
received by the Servicer and credited to the Collection 
Account during the Collection Period preceding the 
relevant Guarantor Payment Date;  
(d) 
all amounts of interest accrued (net of any withholding 
or expenses, if due) and paid on the Accounts during the 
Collection Period preceding the relevant Guarantor 
Payment Date;  
(e) 
any amounts other than in respect of principal received 
under the Swap Agreements (other than any Swap 
Collateral); 
(f) 
any swap termination payments received from a Covered 
Bond Swap Counterparty under a Swap Agreement, 
provided that, prior to the occurrence of a Guarantor 
Event of Default, such amounts will first be used to pay 
a Replacement Covered Bond Swap Counterparty to 
enter into a Replacement Swap Agreement, unless a 
Replacement Swap Agreement has already been entered 
into by or on behalf of the Guarantor;  
(g) 
prior to the service of a Notice to Pay on the Guarantor 
amounts standing to the credit of the Reserve Account in 
excess of the Required Reserve Amount and following 
the service of a Notice to Pay on the Guarantor, any 
amounts standing to the credit of the Reserve Account; 
(h) 
any amounts (other than the amounts already allocated

--- Page 32 ---
32 
under other items of the Interest Available Funds or 
Principal Available Funds) received by the Guarantor 
from any party to the Programme Documents during the 
immediately preceding Collection Period; 
(i) 
the interest amount recovered by the Guarantor from the 
Issuer after the enforcement of the Covered Bond 
Guarantee during the immediately preceding Collection 
Period. 
On each Guarantor Payment Date the “Principal Available 
Funds” shall include, without duplication:  
(a) 
all principal amounts collected by the Servicer in respect of 
the Cover Pool and credited to the Collection Account 
during the Collection Period preceding the relevant 
Guarantor Payment Date;  
(b) 
all other recoveries in the nature of principal collected by 
the Servicer and credited to the Collection Account during 
the Collection Period preceding the relevant Guarantor 
Payment Date;  
(c) 
all proceeds deriving from the sale, if any, of the Eligible 
Assets, Integration Assets or Liquid Assets during the 
Collection Period preceding the relevant Guarantor 
Payment Date; 
(d) 
without duplication with other items of this definition, all 
principal proceeds deriving from the liquidation of Eligible 
Investments during the Collection Period preceding the 
relevant Guarantor Payment Date; 
(e) 
any other principal amounts standing to the credit of the 
Accounts as of the immediately preceding Collection Date; 
(f) 
all amounts in respect of principal (if any) received under 
any Swap Agreement (other than the Swap Collateral);  
(g) 
any amounts to be transferred pursuant to item (vi) of the 
Pre-Issuer Event of Default Interest Priority of Payments; 
(h) 
any amounts (other than the amounts already allocated 
under other items of the Interest Available Funds or the 
Principal Available Funds) received by the Guarantor from 
any party to the Programme Documents during the 
immediately preceding Collection Period; 
(i) 
principal amount recovered by the Guarantor from the 
Issuer after the enforcement of the Covered Bond 
Guarantee during the immediately preceding Collection 
Period; 
(j) 
any amount paid under the Subordinated Loan and not

--- Page 33 ---
33 
repaid, standing to the credit of the Collection Accounts; 
(k) 
following a Notice to Pay, and before an Acceleration 
Notice, all principal amounts standing to the credit of the 
Liquidity Buffer Account as at the relevant Guarantor 
Calculation Date. 
Cover Pool 
The Covered Bond Guarantee will be collateralised by the Cover 
Pool constituted by (i) the Portfolio comprised of Mortgage 
Loans and related collateral, Integration Assets and/or Liquid 
Assets assigned to the Guarantor by the Seller in accordance with 
the terms of the Master Transfer Agreement and (ii) any other 
Eligible Assets, Integration  Assets and/or Liquid Assets held by 
the Guarantor with respect to the Covered Bonds and the 
proceeds thereof which will, inter alia, comprise the funds 
generated by the Portfolio, the Integration Assets and the Liquid 
Assets including, without limitation, funds generated by the sale 
of assets from the Cover Pool and funds paid in the context of a 
liquidation of the Issuer. 
For further detail, see “Description of the Cover Pool”.  
Recourse 
In accordance with the legal framework established by the Law 
130 and with the terms and conditions of the relevant Programme 
Documents (as defined below), the Covered Bondholders will 
benefit from recourse on the Issuer and limited recourse on the 
Guarantor. The obligation of the Guarantor under the Covered 
Bond Guarantee shall be limited recourse to the Available Funds. 
Subordinated Loan 
Pursuant to a subordinated loan agreement entered into on 1 
October 2019 between the Seller and the Guarantor (the 
“Subordinated Loan Agreement”) the Seller granted to the 
Guarantor a subordinated loan (the “Subordinated Loan”) with 
a maximum amount equal to the relevant individual commitment 
limit as specified in the Subordinated Loan Agreement (each, the 
“Individual Commitment Limit”). Under the provisions of 
such agreement, the Seller shall make advances to the Guarantor 
for the purpose of funding: (i) the purchase from the Seller of the 
Eligible Assets and/or Integration Assets and/or Liquid Asset 
transferred from time to time to the Guarantor (the “Term 
Loans”) and (ii) the establishment and/or maintenance of a cash 
reserve sufficient to comply with the Liquidity Buffer Target 
Amount in accordance with the terms and conditions set forth 
under the Cover Pool Administration Agreement. Each Term 
Loan shall be remunerated by way of:  
(a) 
the Base Interest (Interessi Base) (as defined below); and 
(b) 
the Premium Interest (Interessi Aggiuntivi) (as defined 
below).

--- Page 34 ---
34 
SALE AND DISTRIBUTION 
Distribution of the Covered 
Bonds 
The Covered Bonds may be distributed on a syndicated or non-
syndicated basis, in each case only in accordance with the 
relevant selling restrictions. 
Selling Restrictions 
The offer, sale and delivery of the Covered Bonds and the 
distribution of offering material in certain jurisdictions may be 
subject to certain selling restrictions. Persons who are in 
possession of the Base Prospectus are required by the Issuer, the 
Dealers and the Joint Arrangers to inform themselves about, and 
to observe, any such restriction. The Covered Bonds have not 
been and will not be registered under the United States Securities 
Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”). Subject to 
certain exceptions, the Covered Bonds may not be offered, sold 
or delivered within the United States or to US persons. There are 
further restrictions on the distribution of the Base Prospectus and 
the offer or sale of Covered Bonds in the European Economic 
Area, including the United Kingdom, the Republic of Ireland, 
Germany, the Republic of Italy, and in Japan. For a description 
of certain restrictions on offers and sales of Covered Bonds and 
on distribution of the Base Prospectus, see section "Subscription 
and Sale" of the Base Prospectus.

--- Page 35 ---
35 
 
RISK FACTORS  
Each of the Issuer and the Guarantor believes that the following factors may affect its ability to fulfil 
its obligations under Covered Bonds issued under the Programme. Most of these factors are 
contingencies which may or may not occur and neither the Issuer nor the Guarantor are in a position 
to express a view on the likelihood of any such contingency occurring. In addition, factors which the 
Issuer and the Guarantor believe may be material for the purpose of assessing the market risks 
associated with Covered Bonds issued under the Programme are also described below. 
Each of the Issuer and the Guarantor believes that the factors described below represent the 
principal risks inherent in investing in the Covered Bonds issued under the Programme, but the 
inability of the Issuer or the Guarantor to pay interest, principal or other amounts on or in 
connection with any Covered Bonds may occur for other reasons which may not be considered 
significant risks by the Issuer and the Guarantor based on the information currently available to 
them or which they may not currently be able to anticipate. 
Prospective investors should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere and incorporated 
by reference in this Base Prospectus and consider carefully whether an investment in the Covered 
Bonds is suitable for them in the light of the information in this Base Prospectus and their personal 
circumstances, based upon their own judgment and upon advice from such financial, legal, tax and 
other professional advisers as they deem necessary. 
Words and expressions defined in the "Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds" or elsewhere in 
this Base Prospectus have the same meaning in this section. Prospective investors should read the 
entire Base Prospectus. 
RISK FACTORS RELATING TO THE ISSUER 
The risks below have been classified into the following categories: 
1. Risks related to the Issuer's financial situation, business sector and activities; 
2. Risks related to the legal and regulatory environment of the Issuer; 
3. Risks related to legal proceedings. 
1. Risks related to the Issuer's financial situation, business sector and activities 
Credit risk 
To the extent that any of the instruments and strategies used by the Issuer to hedge or otherwise 
manage its exposure to credit risk are not effective, the Issuer may not be able to mitigate effectively 
its risk exposure and collect timely the credits outstanding. The Issuer's financial results also depend 
upon how effectively the Issuer determines and assesses the cost of credit and manages its own credit 
risk concentration (currently mitigated by the credit portfolio fragmentation and sector 
diversification). 
The Issuer is exposed to the traditional risks related to credit activity towards individuals as well as 
companies.  
Therefore, the clients' breach of the agreements entered into and of their underlying obligations, or 
any lack of, or incorrect, information provided by them as to their respective financial and credit 
position, could have negative effects on the economic and/or financial situation of the Bank. 
More generally, the counterparties may not satisfy their respective obligations towards the Bank by 
reason of bankruptcy, absence of liquidity, operational disruption or any other reason. The

--- Page 36 ---
36 
bankruptcy of an important credit counterparty, or any concerns about its default, could cause serious 
liquidity issues, losses or defaults by other institutions, which, in turn, could negatively affect the 
Bank. Furthermore, a decrease of the creditworthiness of third parties might cause losses and/or have 
a negative impact on the results of the Bank’s performances and negatively affect the ability of the 
Bank to invest again or use in a different way such securities for liquidity purposes. Albeit, in many 
cases, the Bank could require further guarantees to the counterparties which are in financial 
difficulties, certain disputes may arise with respect to the amount of guarantee that the Bank is 
entitled to receive and the value of the assets which are object of guarantee, either offered in credit 
origination or added subsequently as an credit enhancement mechanism. The default rates, 
counterparties rating deterioration and disputes in relation to counterparties on the guarantee 
appraisal could significantly increase during periods of market tensions and illiquidity. 
As of 30 June 2023, Banca Popolare dell’Alto Adige recorded a NPL ratio of 4.7% gross and 2.1% 
net, which is an improvement compared to the 31 December 2022, where the same data corresponded 
to 5.0% gross and 2.3% net. 
With regard to the half-year results relative to June 2023, the Bank recorded these results: total of net 
non-performing loans (Bad Loans, Unlikely-to-Pay and Past Due) are equal to €153 mln (-€14 mln 
compared to the value recorded at year-end 2022 when the net-total amount was equal to €167 mln).  
The reduction of NPL ratio is in line with the NPL Strategy defined by the Bank in accordance with 
the "Guidelines on management of non-performing and forborne exposures" of EBA, and yearly 
reported to Bank of Italy. 
For further information on the management of the "credit risk", please refer to Part E of the 
explanatory note of the financial statements for 2022. 
Risk exposure to debt securities issued by sovereign States 
As of 30 June 2023, based on managerial data, the exposure to securities issued by Republic of Italy 
amounted to approximately Euro 2.98 billion (25% of the total assets). It compared to approximately 
Euro 3.15 billion (24% of the total assets) as of 31 December 2022. 
The market tensions regarding government bonds and their volatility, as well as possible Italy's rating 
downgrading or negative outlook, might have negative effects on the assets market value, the 
economic and/or financial situation, the operational results and the perspectives of the Bank. 
The Issuer's results are and will be exposed to sovereign debtors, in particular to Republic of Italy 
(exposures to other sovereign debt are essentially marginal). 
Competition in the Italian market 
Competition is intense in all of the Issuer's primary business areas in Italy. The Issuer derives nearly 
all of its banking income from its banking activities in Italy and in particular in northeast of Italy 
where all of its branches are based at the date of this Base Prospectus, a mature market where 
competitive pressures have been increasing quickly and which experienced in the recent past a 
process of consolidation, with large banking groups undergoing mergers and acquisitions to achieve 
greater economies of scale and reducing branch network to obtain efficiencies. 
The banking sector has also seen the emergence in recent years of alternative distribution channels 
for many of the products that the Issuer offers. Other factors which may affect competition include 
consumer demand, technological changes (including entrance of pure digital players and Fintechs in 
the market) and the regulatory framework. Furthermore, the worsening of the macroeconomic 
conditions could add to the competitive pressure through, for example, increased pressure on lending

--- Page 37 ---
37 
margins, increases in the cost of funding or decrease in business volumes. Competitive pressures 
could further result in increased pricing pressures on a number of the Issuer's products and services, 
particularly as competitors seek to win market share in the profitable business lines (as example 
wealth management), and may harm its ability to maintain or increase profitability. 
Should the Issuer be unable to compete with its competitors and their services and products, or to 
actively and effectively respond to increasing competitive pressures, the Issuer may be adversely 
affected, losing existing or potential business, market share or incur in losses which could materially 
affect its business or operations. 
Changes in interest rates 
Fluctuations in interest rates influence the Issuer's financial performance. The results of the Issuer's 
banking operations are affected by the Issuer's management of interest rate sensitivity and, in 
particular, changes in market interest rates. A mismatch in duration and pricing structure between  
interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities in any given period, which may increase in 
periods of interest rates movements, may have a material effect on the Issuer's financial condition or 
results of operations. 
The Issuer, as all banks operating in Italy, carries in fact a customer maturity mismatch between sight 
current accounts and term loans. Such mismatch is actively managed, both in terms of maturity level 
(ensuring a long-term funding complementary to the customer funding) and in terms of interest rate 
risk (apart from customer short-term loans, asset maturity is shortened through treasury portfolio with 
less than 3 years duration and hedging positions). Less than 50% of BPAA’s assets carries fixed 
interest rate risk before hedge. 
Market risk 
The market risk is the risk of losses in the value of financial instruments, including the securities of 
sovereign States held by the Bank, due to the movements of market variables (by way of example and 
without limitation, interest rates, prices of securities, exchange rates), which could determine a 
deterioration of the financial soundness of the Bank. Such deterioration could be produced either by 
devaluations from positions held for trading purposes, or from negative changes in the FVOCI (Fair 
Value through Other Comprehensive Income) reserve, generated by positions classified as financial 
Activities evaluated at fair value, with an impact on the overall profitability. 
The Bank is therefore exposed to possible changes of the financial Instruments value, in particular the 
securities issued by sovereign States, due to fluctuations of interest rates, currency exchange rates, 
prices of the securities listed on the markets, commodities and credit spreads and/or other risks. Such 
fluctuations could be caused, among others, by changes in the general economic trend, the investors’ 
propensity to investments, monetary and tax policies, liquidity of the markets on a global scale, 
availability and capital cost, interventions of rating agencies, political events both at social and 
international level, war conflicts and acts of terrorism. The market risk occurs both with respect to the 
trading book, which includes the financial trading instruments and derivative instruments related 
thereto, and the banking book, which includes the financial assets and liabilities that are different 
from those contained in the trading book. 
Market risks relating to the trading and banking book are constantly monitored by the Issuer and are 
measured by means of the ‘Value-at-Risk’ (VaR). Given a portfolio of financial instruments, VaR 
expresses the maximum potential loss resulting from unfavourable movements in market parameters 
over a given time horizon and with a defined probability. The market parameters taken into

--- Page 38 ---
38 
consideration are interest rates, exchange rates, credit spreads and prices of shares, indices and funds 
and their volatilities. 
The trading book constitutes a very small fraction of the Issuer's proprietary portfolio, as most of the 
financial instruments held are recorded in the Hold To Collect & Sell (HTCS) and Hold To Collect 
(HTC) accounting categories and therefore belong to the banking book.  
In this regard, it should be noted that, with reference to VaR (on Hold to Collect and Sell (HTCS) 
debt securities, as well as on Fair Value Through Profit and Loss (FVTPL) equity exposures not held 
for trading purposes), the Issuer’s risk profile at the end of 2022 was equal to about EUR 1.85 million 
(VaR 95% on a daily basis), while the average value for the same year (2022) was about EUR 1.6 
million. For comparison purposes, at the end of 2021, this metric was approximately Euro 0.65 
million. 
Protracted market declines and reduced liquidity in the markets 
In some of the Issuer's businesses, protracted adverse market movements, particularly the decline of 
asset prices, can reduce market activity and market liquidity. These developments can lead to 
material losses if the Issuer cannot exit deteriorating positions in a timely way. This may especially 
be the case for assets that do not have a very liquid market to begin with. The value of assets that are 
not traded on stock exchanges or other public trading markets, such as derivatives contracts between 
banks, may be calculated by the Issuer using models other than publicly quoted prices. Monitoring 
the deterioration of the prices of assets like these is difficult and failure to do so effectively could lead 
to unanticipated losses. This in turn could adversely affect the Issuer’s operation, results and financial 
condition. 
In addition, protracted or steep declines in the stock or bond markets in Italy and elsewhere may 
adversely affect the Issuer's securities trading activities and its asset management services, as well as 
the Issuer's investments in and distribution of products linked to the performance of financial assets. 
Concentration risk 
Concentration risk is a risk deriving from credit exposure to the counterparties, groups of related 
counterparties, counterparties that operate in the same economic sector or which exercise the same 
activities. Concentration risk is measured in compliance with the provisions of Bank of Italy Circular 
No. 285 of 17 December 2013, as amended (Title III – Chapter 1 – Annex B) by the Granularity 
Adjustment (GA) method. Specific procedures were defined under the Internal Capital Adequacy 
Assessment Process (ICAAP) in compliance with applicable regulatory provisions in order to 
calculate single name and geo-sector concentration risk, namely, the risk deriving from counterparties 
operating in the same sector or geographical area. Banca Popolare dell'Alto Adige has also 
established a defined system of limits that controls and steers the guidelines in order to limit exposure 
to concentration risk in the Issuer's loan portfolio. The various forms of concentration risk are also 
monitored in the quarterly credit report and discussed at the quarterly meetings of the internal credit 
committee of the Issuer. 
Liquidity risk 
Liquidity risk is the risk that the Issuer might be unable to meet its payment obligations when due or 
to fund increases in its assets. This risk is inherent in any retail and commercial banking business and 
can be heightened by a number of bank-specific factors, including over-reliance on a particular 
source of funding, short-term maturities, changes in credit ratings or market-wide phenomena such as 
market dislocation. Liquidity risk mainly takes the form of inability of the Issuer to:

--- Page 39 ---
39 
 
obtain funds on the market (funding liquidity risk); 
 
obtain funds by selling assets on the market (asset liquidity risk). 
While the Issuer implements liquidity management processes in accordance with the internal 
instructions and operational guidelines and seeks to mitigate and control these risks, unforeseen 
systemic market factors make it difficult to eliminate completely these risks. Continued constraints in 
the supply of liquidity, including in inter-bank lending, have affected and may materially and 
adversely affect the cost of funding of the Issuer’s business, and extreme liquidity constraints may 
affect its current operations and its ability to fulfil regulatory liquidity requirements, as well as limit 
growth possibilities. 
Risks related to the economic/financial crisis and the impact of current uncertainties of the macro-
economic context 
The performance of Banca Popolare dell’Alto Adige is influenced by the economic situation 
generally, the Eurozone and Italy, as well as by the dynamics of financial markets, in particular, by 
the stability and growth prospects of the geographical areas in which the Issuer operates (northeast 
Italy). The capacity of the Issuer to generate income and its solvency depend on such factors as 
investor expectations and confidence, levels and volatility of short and long-term interest rates, 
exchange rates and liquidity of financial markets, availability and cost of capital, sustainability of 
sovereign debt, household income and consumer spending, levels of unemployment, inflation and 
housing prices. Adverse changes in these factors, especially in the periods of economic and financial 
crisis, could result in losses for the Issuer as well as increases in financing costs and reductions in the 
value of assets held, all of which could have a negative effect on liquidity and capital solidity of 
Banca Popolare dell’Alto Adige. 
The current macroeconomic situation is characterised by significant uncertainties that relate to: 
(a) 
trends of the real economy as regard to dynamics of national economic growth and the 
stability of the economies in those countries (Eurozone, United States and China) that have a 
strong commercial relationship with the economy of northeast Italy; 
(b) 
developments in relation to the invasion of Ukraine by the Russian Federation, on 24 February 
2022, which generated an international armed conflict, triggering a further increment of the 
volatility of global markets resulting in dampening growth prospects as a consequence of the 
heavy repercussions of the conflict in the costs of energy and supply of raw materials. 
Furthermore, the effects of the conflict may still in the future extend to other parts of the 
economy and negatively affect the European markets. The extent of these effects will depend on 
the evolution of the conflict, the impact of sanctions and any additional measures taken against 
the Russian Federation;  
(c) 
future developments in the monetary policy of the ECB in the Eurozone and of the FED area 
in the dollar area, and in the policies implemented by various countries aimed at reducing 
inflationary pressures; and 
(d) 
sustainability of sovereign debts in some countries and the tensions on financial markets, in 
particular Italy’s that experienced some sovereign debt tensions in the past and carries a high 
debt to GDP ratio. 
Negative developments in all or some only of the above factors may have an adverse effect on the 
Issuer's financial condition and results of operations.

--- Page 40 ---
40 
Operational risks  
Operational risk is the risk of losses arising from errors or inadequate internal processes, human 
resources and systems or from external events. The Issuer, like all financial institutions, is exposed to 
many types of operational risk, including the risk of fraud by employees and outsiders, unauthorized 
transactions by employees or operational errors, including errors resulting from faulty information 
technology or telecommunication systems, cyber-attacks on the Issuer’s information systems and 
digital infrastructures, disruptions from suppliers and outsourcers. The Issuer’s systems and processes 
are designed to ensure that the operational risks associated with the Issuer’s activities are 
appropriately monitored. Any failure or weakness in these systems, however, could adversely affect 
the Issuer’s financial performance and business activities. 
For further information, please see section headed “The Issuer - Operational Risk Management”. 
Reputational risk 
Reputational risk is the current or potential risk of a decline in earnings or capital arising from an 
adverse perception of the Issuer’s customers, employees, counterparties, shareholders, investors or 
supervisory authorities, as a result of the Issuer’s practices, business decisions, operational decisions 
and alignment in relation to environmental, social and governance risks. 
In particular, the most material and specific inherent (potential) reputational risk factors for the Issuer 
relate to: possible unfavorable outcomes of ongoing legal proceedings with customers; possible cyber 
attack events that would substantially and for a significant period of time limit the Issuer's ability to 
provide payment services and/or violate the security of customer data; and the application of 
sanctions by the Authorities related to improper market practices. 
Furthermore, with reference to any Covered Bonds in respect of which the applicable Final Terms 
state that the proceeds will be used to finance or refinance, in whole or in part, Eligible Green 
Projects (as defined below), reputational risk may arise in the event that the Issuer fails to allocate an 
amount equal to the net proceeds on Eligible Green Projects as described in the applicable Final 
Terms. For further details in this regard, reference is made to the risk factor headed “Covered Bonds 
issued with a specific use of proceeds, such as to finance or refinance, in whole or in part, Eligible 
Green Projects may not be a suitable investment for all investors seeking exposure to green assets” 
and the section “Use of Proceeds” of this Base Prospectus. 
Climate change risks 
Climate change and related environmental stability and their potential impacts are prone to create 
significant risks in the financial markets, to the global and to regional economies. Climate change may 
encompass two main categories of risks: 
 
Physical risks: encompass the risks of damage to assets, operations, businesses and people due to 
extreme and acute events such as droughts, wildfires, floods and hurricanes, as well as longer-
term climatic changes, such as rising sea level. Such damages could result in financial losses that 
could impair asset values and the creditworthiness of the Issuer and could disrupt the Issuer's 
operations or those of its customers on which the Issuer relies and does business with. 
Furthermore, these risks encompass the indirect costs that the Issuer may incur when adapting to 
these circumstances, including augments in the cost of capital; 
 
Transition risks: relate to the Issuer's response and that of its customers to climate change and the 
consequent net-zero transition stipulated by the Paris Agreement. These risks encompass political

--- Page 41 ---
41 
risks, technological risks, market risks, liability risks and reputational risks, which could increase 
the Issuer's expenses and impact its strategies. 
Any of the conditions described above could have a material adverse effect on the business, financial 
condition and results of operations of the Issuer. 
Impact of events which are difficult to anticipate 
The Issuer's earnings and business are affected by general economic conditions, the performance of 
financial markets, interest rate levels, currency exchange rates, changes in laws and regulation, 
changes in the polices of central banks, particularly the Bank of Italy and the European Central Bank, 
and competitive factors, at a regional, national and international level.  
During a recession, there may be less demand for loan products and a greater number of the Issuer's 
customers may default on their loans or other obligations. Interest rate rises may also have an impact 
on the demand for mortgages and other loan products. 
Each of these factors can change the level of demand for the Issuer's products and services, the credit 
quality of borrowers and counterparties, the interest rate margin of the Issuer between lending and 
borrowing costs and the value of the Issuer's investment and trading portfolios. 
Any of the conditions described above could have a material adverse effect on the business, financial 
condition and results of operations of the Issuer. 
Historical information 
The historical, financial and other information set out in the sections headed "Description of the 
Issuer" and "Overview Financial Information relating to the Issuer", and in the financial statements 
of the Issuer incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus, represents the historical experience of 
Banca Popolare dell'Alto Adige and is subject to regular auditing. There can be though no assurance 
that the future experience and performance of the Issuer will be similar to the past experience 
described in this Base Prospectus. 
This could affect the business activities and financial results of the Issuer and, in turn, the Issuer’s 
ability to make payments under the Covered Bonds. 
2. Risks related to the legal and regulatory environment of the Issuer 
Changes in the Italian and European regulatory framework could adversely affect the Issuer's 
business 
Banca Popolare dell'Alto Adige's business is governed by Italian domestic and European Union 
legislation relating to the financial and banking sectors and is subject to extensive regulation and 
supervision by the Bank of Italy, CONSOB (the public authority responsible for regulating the Italian 
securities market), the European Central Bank and the European Banking Authority. 
Banca Popolare dell'Alto Adige has as its corporate object, the raising of funds for investment and 
lending in its various forms. The banking laws to which Banca Popolare dell'Alto Adige is subject 
govern the activities in which banks may engage and are designed to maintain the safety and 
soundness of banks and limit their exposure to risk. In addition, Banca Popolare dell’Alto Adige must 
comply with financial services laws that govern its marketing and selling practices.  
Any changes in how such regulations are applied or interpreted by the regulators may have a material 
and/or detrimental effect on the Issuer’s business and operations. Furthermore, a breach of any 
regulations by the Issuer could lead to the intervention of supervisory authorities and the Issuer could

--- Page 42 ---
42 
come under investigation and surveillance. The Issuer may also become subject to new regulations 
and guidelines that may require additional expenditures which may introduce additional strain on the 
Issuer. 
No assurance can be given that laws and regulations will be adopted, enforced or interpreted in a 
manner that will not have an adverse effect on the business, financial conditions, cash flows or 
operational results of the Issuer. 
Capital adequacy 
Based on the Capital Requirements Regulation (Regulation (EU) No. 575/2013, as amended or 
"CRR") and the Capital Requirements Directive (Directive 2013/36/EU or "CRD IV"), Italian banks 
are at all times required to satisfy the following own funds requirements (calculated as a percentage of 
risk weighted assets): (i) a CET 1 capital ratio of 4.5 per cent.; (ii) a Tier 1 Capital ratio of 6 per cent.; 
and (iii) a Total Capital Ratio of 8 per cent. In addition to these minimum regulatory capital 
requirements, the CRD IV also introduced capital buffer requirements that must be met with CET1 
capital, in particular: 
(a) 
capital conservation buffer for unexpected losses, requiring additional CET1 of 2.5 per cent. Of 
total weighted exposures; 
(b) 
institution-specific counter-cyclical capital buffer, requiring additional CET1 of up to 2.5 per 
cent. Of total weighted exposures and applied in the periods of excessive credit growth. 
(c) 
global systemically important institutions ("G-SIBs") buffer of between 1 per cent. and 3.5 per 
cent. of CET1; 
(d) 
other systemically important institutions ("O-SII") buffer, which may be as much as 2 per cent. 
of CET1; and 
(e) 
CET1 systemic risk buffer aimed at mitigating long term non-cyclical systemic or macro 
prudential risks. 
Being a less significant institution, the Issuer has to comply with the temporary framework which is 
specified through the annual supervisory review and evaluation process (SREP). Consequently G-SIBs 
and O-SII are not applied to the Issuer. 
In compliance with CRD IV and EBA SREP Guidelines, the Bank of Italy, as Italian competent 
authority, may require Italian institutions to hold own funds in excess of the requirements set out in the 
CRR. 
As of 6 April 2023, the Issuer is required to comply with the following capital requirements: 
(i) 
a CET1 capital ratio of 8.80 per Cent. comprising a binding requirement of 5.30 per cent. (of 
which 4.50 per Cent. as a minimum regulatory capital requirement and 0.80 per Cent. as 
additional capital requirement determined by the SREP outcome), a capital conservation buffer 
of 2.50 per Cent. and a Target component (Pillar 2 Guidance, P2G), in the face of increased 
risk exposure under stressful conditions, of 1.00 per cent.; 
(ii) 
a Tier 1 capital ratio of 10.60 per Cent. comprising a binding requirement of 7.10 per cent. (of 
which 6.00 per Cent. as a minimum regulatory requirement and 1.10 per Cent. as additional 
capital requirement determined by the SREP outcome) a capital conservation buffer of 2.50 per 
Cent. and a Target component (Pillar 2 Guidance, P2G), in the face of increased risk exposure 
under stressful conditions, of 1.00 per cent.; and

--- Page 43 ---
43 
(iii) 
a total capital ratio of 13.00 per cent., comprising a binding requirement of 9.50 per cent. (of 
which 8.00 per Cent. as a minimum regulatory capital requirement and 1.50 per Cent. as 
additional capital requirement determined by the SREP outcome) a capital conservation buffer 
of 2.50 per Cent. and a Target component (Pillar 2 Guidance, P2G), in the face of increased 
risk exposure under stressful conditions, of 1.00 per cent. 
These and any additional legislative or regulatory actions in Italy, the European Union or other 
countries, and any required changes to the Issuer's regulatory capital requirements and business 
operations resulting from such legislation and regulations, could limit the ability of the Issuer to pursue 
business opportunities in which they might otherwise consider engaging, affect the value of assets that 
the Issuer holds, require the Issuer to increase its prices and thereby reducing demand for its products, 
impose additional costs and/or more stringent capital requirements on the Issuer or otherwise 
adversely affect its businesses. Accordingly, the Issuer cannot provide assurance that any such new 
legislation or regulations would not have an adverse effect on their respective businesses, results of 
operations or financial condition in the future. 
Liquidity management adequacy 
The Basel III agreements provided for the introduction of a Liquidity Coverage Ratio ("LCR"), to 
establish and maintain a liquidity buffer that will permit the bank to survive for 30 days in the event of 
serious stress. The Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No. 2015/61, adopted on 10 October 2014 
and published in the Official Journal of the European Union in January 2015, specifies the calculation 
rules of the LCR. The CRD IV Package contains specific mandates for the EBA to develop draft 
regulatory or implementing technical standards as well as guidelines and reports related to liquidity 
coverage ratio and leverage ratio to enhance regulatory harmonisation in Europe through the Single 
Rule Book. 
The Banking Reform Package introduces a binding (Pillar 1) leverage ratio of three per cent. of Tier 1 
capital which banks must meet in parallel with their own risk-based capital requirements, as well as an 
additional leverage ratio buffer requirement for institutions identified as G-SIIs; and a Net Stable 
Funding Ratio ("NSFR") to prevent overreliance by banks on short-term funding raised in wholesale 
markets to finance their long-term commitments. 
The Issuer is subject to the provisions of the EU Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive 
Directive 2014/59/EU of 15 May 2014 (“BRRD” or the “Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive”) 
provides for the establishment of an EU-wide framework for the recovery and resolution of credit 
institutions and investment firms. Implemented in Italy under Legislative Decree No. 180 of 16 
November 2015, BRRD is designed to provide authorities with a credible set of resolution tools and 
powers designed (among other things) to protect depositors and investors and to minimise reliance on 
public financial support. BRRD’s broad range of resolution tools and powers may be used alone or in 
combination where the relevant resolution authority considers that certain required conditions are 
met, namely, that an institution is failing or likely to fail, that no alternative private sector measure, or 
supervisory action, would prevent the failure of the institution within a reasonable timeframe and that 
the taking of a resolution action is necessary to the public interest. 
In addition, BRRD requires institutions to meet at all times a sufficient aggregate amount of own 
funds and “eligible liabilities” expressed as a percentage of the total liabilities and own funds of the 
institution (i.e. MREL). The aim is that the minimum amount should be proportionate and adapted for 
each category of bank on the basis of their risk or the composition of their sources of funding and to 
ensure adequate capitalisation to continue exercising critical functions post resolution. The final draft

--- Page 44 ---
44 
regulatory technical standards published by the EBA in July 2015 set out the assessment criteria that 
resolution authorities should use to determine the MREL for individual firms. BRRD does not foresee 
an absolute minimum, but attributes the competence to set a minimum amount for each bank to 
national resolution authorities (for banks not subject to supervision by the ECB such as the Issuer) or 
to the Single Resolution Board (the “SRB”) for banks subject to direct supervision by the ECB under 
Regulation (EU) No 806/2014 laying down uniform rules and procedures for the resolution of credit 
institutions and certain investment firms under the Single Resolution Mechanism (“SRMR”). 
Furthermore to the capital and liquidity thresholds, on June 13, 2023 Bank of Italy communicated to 
the Issuer also two additional minimum requirements, in coherence with Single Resolution Board 
(“SRB”) approach, with respect to add-on to pillars I and II and with respect to financial leverage. In 
particular, the Issuer is bound to a minimum Total Risk Exposure Amount (“TREA”) of 12% and a 
minimum Leverage Ratio Exposure (“LRE”) of 4.25%. 
Guidelines on loan origination monitoring and default management  
On 15 March 2018, the ECB published an addendum to its guidance to banks on non-performing 
loans (NPLs) ("ECB Addendum"). The ECB published its original guidance to banks on NPLs in 
March 2017 ("NPL Guidance"). The aim of NPL Guidance is to clarify supervisory expectations 
relating to the identification, management, measurement and write-off of NPLs in the context of 
existing regulations, directives and guidelines. It stresses the importance of timely provisioning and 
write-off practices related to NPLs as such actions help to strengthen banks' balance sheets, enabling 
them to focus on their core business. The NPL Guidance calls on banks to implement realistic and 
ambitious strategies aimed at achieving a holistic approach to NPLs, which includes areas such as 
governance and risk management. 
The ECB Addendum supplements the NPL Guidance by setting out the ECB's supervisory 
expectations when assessing a bank's levels of prudential provisions for non-performing exposures 
(NPEs). The ECB will take into account, among other things, the length of time a loan has been non-
performing as well as any collateral held and will adopt a gradual path towards the supervisory 
expectations. Therefore, the ECB will assess secured exposures in the context of the supervisory 
dialogue, taking into account a linear path starting from the third year after an exposure was classified 
as non-performing (when at least 40 per cent. provisioning will be expected). As regards new 
unsecured NPEs, the ECB Addendum states that the ECB's supervisory expectation is that such NPEs 
will be fully covered after two years of NPEs life. Taking into account the specificities of the 
supervisory expectations, banks will thus be asked to inform the ECB of any differences between 
their practices and the prudential provisioning expectations, as part of the SREP supervisory 
dialogue. 
The ECB's supervisory expectations set out what the ECB considers to be a prudent treatment of 
NPEs. Its aim is to avoid an excessive build-up of non-covered aged NPEs on banks' balance sheets 
in the future, which would require supervisory measures. Therefore, the ECB considers that prudent 
provisioning implies the continuation of booking accounting provisions in line with banks' 
assessments and existing accounting principles. Only in the event that the accounting treatment 
applied is considered not prudent from a supervisory perspective may supervisors determine adequate 
measures on a case-by-case basis. 
The ECB Addendum is not binding on banks (but serves as a basis for supervisory dialogue), does 
not substitute or supersede any applicable regulatory or accounting requirements and is 
complimentary to any future EU legislation, notwithstanding, the ECB expects banks to fully adhere 
to the guidance in line with the severity and scale of NPLs in their portfolios. This guidance is taken

--- Page 45 ---
45 
into consideration in the Single Resolution Mechanism regular supervisory review and evaluation 
process and non-compliance may trigger supervisory measures. 
As part of the comprehensive package of measures adopted by the European Commission in March 
2018 to reduce NPLs in Europe, Regulation (EU) 2019/630 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 17 April 2019 was adopted to introduce a 'statutory prudential backstop' in order to 
prevent the risk of under provisioning of future NPLs. This regulation requires banks to have 
sufficient loan loss coverage (i.e. common minimum coverage levels) for newly originated loans if 
these become non-performing exposures. In case a bank does not meet the applicable minimum 
coverage level, it has to deduct the shortfall from its own funds. The measures adopted by the 
European Commission to tackle NPLs also include a proposal for a directive on credit servicers, 
credit purchasers and the recovery of collateral. 
Moreover, starting from 2020, calendar provisioning is applied to the stock of banks' NPLs, gradually 
bringing it to a run off indicatively until 2026. 
On 20 March 2020 among the package of measures adopted in reaction to the covid-19 outbreak, the 
ECB announced further measures introducing supervisory flexibility regarding the treatment of 
NPLs, in particular to allow banks to fully benefit from guarantees and moratoriums put in place by 
public authorities to tackle the current distress. In light of that scenario, the EBA has also issued 
statements regarding the prudential framework in relation to the classification of loans in default, 
classification of exposures under the definition of forbearance or as defaulted under distressed 
restructuring, and their accounting treatment. In particular, the EBA has clarified that generalised 
payment delays due to legislative initiatives and addressed to all borrowers do not lead to any 
automatic classification in default, forborne or unlikeliness to pay (individual assessments of the 
likeliness to pay should be prioritised) and has clarified the requirements for public and private 
moratoria, which if fulfilled, are expected to help avoid the classification of exposures under the 
definition of forbearance or as defaulted under distressed restructuring. 
In addition, in March 2019, the EU Council adopted a directive which defines rules for how non-
credit institutions can buy credit agreements from banks. The proposed directive removes obstacles to 
the transfer of NPLs from banks to non-credit institutions and tries to simplify the authorization 
requirements for credit services across the EU. 
Also at a country level, the Italian Government has acted to introduce two reforms that might have 
impact on the forthcoming NPLs market. In particular: 
 
the reform of the Italian Bankruptcy Law, published on February 2019, introduced new 
requirements for business in order to timely identify and prevent financial crisis, with a 
specific timeline; 
 
the Decree for Growth (Decreto Crescita), published on April 2019, introduced new measures 
that could be easily applicable to still active borrowers (often classified as UTP), such as 
public guarantees on lending to SMEs, public aid on new financing and new securitization 
rules. 
These recent changes to the legislative framework and other measures that may be introduced in the 
future could affect the NPL market by altering the methods and time frames for debt recoveries and 
enforcement proceedings in Italy and introducing new operating and capital requirements. While 
some of these changes will likely improve efficiency of the NPL market, others (such as the statutory 
prudential backstop) may impose more stringent requirements on NPL operators).

--- Page 46 ---
46 
3. Risks related to legal proceedings 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer is subject to litigations in the ordinary course of its 
business, including civil and administrative legal proceedings, as well as several arbitration and tax 
proceedings. Negative outcomes in such proceedings or in any investigation by the supervisory 
authority may create liabilities which reduce the Issuer’s ability to meet its obligations. 
The main clusters of legal disputes are related to the compounding of interest (anatocismo) and usury 
procedures, the claims related to the performance of investment services, disputes related to tax and 
real estate law matters and claw-back claims linked to payments occurred just before bankruptcies. In 
addition, there are also some disputes with shareholders (either individual or cumulative court trials) 
regarding the Bank’s stock purchase advisory process. 
To provide an estimate of possible liabilities and costs that may result from pending legal 
proceedings and other operating risks, as of 30 June 2023, the Issuer set aside a provision for risks 
and charges of Euro 26.7 million (compared to Euro 24.0 million as of 31 December 2022). The 
assessment of other provisions for risks and charges allocated for pending legal disputes is a complex 
activity, characterized by a high level of uncertainty, in which the Issuer's directors make estimates 
on the outcome of legal disputes, the risk of losing and the timing of their closure. As such, the 
auditing firm in charge of auditing the financial statements as of 31 December 2022 considered the 
assessment of other provisions for risks and charges a key aspect for the audit. 
Although this provision for risks and charges, as of 31 December 2022, were considered adequate in 
accordance with IFRS, it cannot be excluded that, in the future, it may not be sufficient to fully meet 
the charges and claims for compensation and restitution associated with the pending proceedings that 
may arise; consequently, it cannot be excluded that the possible negative outcome of some cases, or a 
revision of provisions in the course of legal proceedings, may have effects detrimental to the business 
and the economic, equity and/or financial situation of the Issuer. 
RISKS FACTORS RELATING TO THE COVERED BONDS 
The risks below have been classified into the following categories: 
1. Risks related to the Covered Bonds generally; 
2. Risks related to the structure of a particular issue of Covered Bonds; 
3. Risks related to the underlying; 
4. Risks related to the Guarantor and the Guarantee; 
5. Risks related to the market generally. 
1. Risks related to the Covered Bonds generally 
Issuer liable to make payments when due on the Covered Bonds  
The Issuer is liable to make payments when due on the Covered Bonds. The obligations of the Issuer 
under the Covered Bonds are direct, unsecured, unconditional and unsubordinated obligations, 
ranking pari passu without any preference amongst themselves and equally with its other direct, 
unsecured, unconditional and unsubordinated obligations. Consequently, any claim directly against 
the Issuer in respect of the Covered Bonds will not benefit from any security or other preferential 
arrangement granted by the Issuer. An investment in the Covered Bonds involves the risk that 
subsequent changes in the actual or perceived creditworthiness of the Issuer may adversely affect the 
payment made under relevant Covered Bonds. This may lead to losses under the Covered Bonds.

--- Page 47 ---
47 
The Guarantor has no obligation to pay the Guaranteed Amounts payable under the Covered Bond 
Guarantee until the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default and service by the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders on the Issuer and on the Guarantor of a Notice to Pay or, if earlier, following 
the occurrence of a Guarantor Event of Default and service by the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders of an Acceleration Notice. The occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default does not 
constitute a Guarantor Event of Default. However, failure by the Guarantor to pay amounts due under 
the Covered Bond Guarantee would constitute a Guarantor Event of Default which would entitle the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders to accelerate the obligations of the Issuer under the 
Covered Bonds (if they have not already become due and payable) and the obligations of the 
Guarantor under the Covered Bond Guarantee. Although the Receivables included in the Cover Pool 
are originated by the Issuer, they are transferred to the Guarantor on a true sale basis and an 
insolvency of the Issuer would not automatically result in the insolvency of the Guarantor. 
The Covered Bonds will not represent an obligation or be the responsibility of any of the Dealers, the 
Arrangers, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders or any other party to the Programme 
Documents, their officers, members, directors, employees, security holders or incorporators, other 
than the Issuer and, upon occurrence of an Article 74 Event (which has not been withdrawn) or a 
Notice to Pay, the Guarantor. The Issuer and the Guarantor will be liable solely in their corporate 
capacity and, as to the Guarantor, limited recourse to the Available Funds, for their obligations in 
respect of the Covered Bonds and such obligations will not be the obligations of their respective 
officers, members, directors, employees, security holders or incorporators. 
Obligations under the Covered Bonds 
The Covered Bonds will not represent an obligation or be the responsibility of any of the Arrangers, 
the Dealers, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders or any other party to the Programme, 
their officers, members, directors, employees, security holders or incorporators, other than the Issuer 
and, after the service by the Representative of the Covered Bondholders of a Notice to Pay, the 
Guarantor. The Issuer and the Guarantor will be liable solely in their corporate capacity for their 
obligations in respect of the Covered Bonds and such obligations will not be the obligations of their 
respective officers, members, directors, employees, security holders or incorporators. 
Extraordinary Resolutions and the Representative of the Covered Bondholders 
A meeting of Covered Bondholders may be called to consider matters which affect the rights and 
interests of Covered Bondholders. These include (but are not limited to): instructing the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders to enforce the Covered Bond Guarantee against the 
Issuer and/or the Guarantor; waiving an Issuer Event of Default or a Guarantor Event of Default; 
defining, reducing or otherwise varying interest payments or repayment of principal or rescheduling 
payment dates; altering the priority of payments of interest and principal on the Covered Bonds; and 
any other amendments to the Programme Documents. Certain resolutions are required to be passed 
as Programme Resolutions. A Programme Resolution will bind all Covered Bondholders, 
irrespective of whether they attended the Meeting or voted in favour of the Programme Resolution. 
No Resolution, other than a Programme Resolution, passed by the holders of one Series of Covered 
Bonds will be effective in respect of another Series unless it is sanctioned by an Ordinary Resolution 
or an Extraordinary Resolution, as the case may require, of the holders of that other Series. Any 
Resolution passed at a Meeting of the holders of the Covered Bonds of a Series shall bind all other 
holders of that Series, irrespective of whether they attended the Meeting and whether they voted in 
favour of the relevant Resolution.

--- Page 48 ---
48 
In addition, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders may agree to the modification of the 
Programme Documents without consulting Covered Bondholders to correct a manifest error or where 
such modification (i) is of a formal, minor, administrative or technical nature or to comply with 
mandatory provisions of law or an error established as such to the satisfaction of the Representative 
of the Covered Bondholders or (ii) in the opinion of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, 
is expedient to make provided that it is not or will not be materially prejudicial to the interest of any 
Covered Bondholders.  
It should also be noted that after the delivery of a Notice to Pay, the protection and exercise of the 
Covered Bondholders' rights against the Issuer will be exercised by the Guarantor (or the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders on its behalf). The rights and powers of the Covered 
Bondholders may only be exercised in accordance with the Rules of the Organisation of the Covered 
Bondholders. In addition, after the delivery of an Acceleration Notice, the protection and exercise of 
the Covered Bondholders' rights against the Guarantor and the security under the Covered Bond 
Guarantee is one of the duties of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders. The Conditions 
limit the ability of each individual Covered Bondholder to commence proceedings against the 
Guarantor by conferring on the Meeting of the Covered Bondholders the power to determine in 
accordance with the Rules of Organisation of the Covered Bondholders, whether any Covered 
Bondholder may commence any such individual actions. 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders' powers may affect the interests of the Covered 
Bondholders 
In the exercise of its powers, trusts, authorities and discretions the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders shall only have regard to the interests of the Covered Bondholders and the Other 
Creditors, as applicable, but if, in the opinion of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, 
there is a conflict between these interests the Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall have 
regard solely to the interests of the Covered Bondholders. In the exercise of its powers, trusts, 
authorities and discretions, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders may not act on behalf of 
the Seller. 
If, in connection with the exercise of its powers, trusts, authorities or discretions, the Representative 
of the Covered Bondholders is of the opinion that the interests of the holders of the Covered Bonds of 
any one or more Series would be materially prejudiced thereby, the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders shall not exercise such power, trust, authority or discretion without the approval of such 
Covered Bondholders by Extraordinary Resolution or by a written resolution of such Covered 
Bondholders holding not less than 50 per cent. of the Outstanding Principal Amount of the Covered 
Bonds of the relevant Series then outstanding. 
Credit ratings may not reflect all risks  
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Covered Bonds. The 
ratings may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market, additional factors 
discussed in this section, and other factors that may affect the value of the Covered Bonds. A credit 
rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, 
reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. 
In general, European regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes if 
such rating is not (1) issued by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered under the 
Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 on credit rating agencies (as amended, the “EU CRA Regulation”) 
or (2) provided by a credit rating agency not established in the EEA but is endorsed by a credit rating

--- Page 49 ---
49 
agency established in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA Regulation or (3) provided by a 
credit rating agency not established in the EEA which is certified under EU CRA Regulation.  
Similarly, in general, UK regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory 
purposes if such rating is not (1) issued by a credit rating agency established in the United Kingdom 
(“UK”) and registered under the EU CRA Regulation as it forms part of domestic law of the United 
Kingdom by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (as amended, the “UK CRA 
Regulation”) or (2) provided by a credit rating agency not established in the UK but is endorsed by a 
credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation or (3) 
provided by a credit rating agency not established in the UK which is certified under the UK CRA 
Regulation. 
Covered Bonds issued under the Programme 
Covered Bonds issued under the Programme will either be fungible with an existing Series of 
Covered Bonds (in which case they will form part of such Series) or have different terms to an 
existing Series of Covered Bonds (in which case they will constitute a new Series). 
All Covered Bonds issued from time to time will rank pari passu with each other in all respects and 
will share equally in the security granted by the Guarantor under the Covered Bond Guarantee.  
Following the service on the Issuer and on the Guarantor of a Notice to Pay (but prior to a Guarantor 
Event of Default and service of an Acceleration Notice on the Guarantor) the Guarantor will use all 
monies to pay Guaranteed Amounts in respect of the Covered Bonds when the same shall become due 
for payment subject to paying certain higher ranking obligations of the Guarantor in the Post-Issuer 
Event of Default Priority of Payments. In such circumstances, the Issuer will only be entitled to 
receive payment from the Guarantor of any amount due and payable under the Programme 
Documents, to the extent not already paid or payable under other items of the Post-Issuer Event of 
Default Priority of Payments, any principal due and payable under the Subordinated Loan Agreement 
and any Base Interest and Premium Interest due under the Subordinated Loan Agreement, after all 
amounts due under the Covered Bond Guarantee in respect of the Covered Bonds have been paid in 
full or have otherwise been provided for. Following the occurrence of a Guarantor Event of Default 
and service of an Acceleration Notice on the Guarantor, the Covered Bonds will become immediately 
due and repayable and Bondholders will then have a claim against the Guarantor under the Covered 
Bond Guarantee for an amount equal to the Principal Amount Outstanding plus any interest accrued 
in respect of each Covered Bond, together with accrued interest and any other amounts due under the 
Covered Bonds, and any Available Funds will be distributed according to the Post Enforcement 
Priority of Payments. 
In order to ensure that any further issue of Covered Bonds under the Programme does not adversely 
affect existing holders of the Covered Bonds: 
(a) 
the Term Loan granted by the Issuer to the Guarantor under the terms of the Subordinated 
Loan Agreement, may only be used by the Guarantor (i) as consideration for the acquisition of 
the Eligible Assets, Integration Assets and/or Liquid Assets from the Seller pursuant to the 
terms of the Master Transfer Agreement; and (ii) as consideration for the acquisition of Eligible 
Assets, Integration Assets and/or Liquid Assets from the Seller pursuant to the terms of the 
Cover Pool Administration Agreement; and 
(b) 
the Issuer must always ensure that the Tests are satisfied on each Test Calculation Date in 
order to ensure that the Guarantor can meet its obligations under the Guarantee;

--- Page 50 ---
50 
(c) 
the Issuer must always ensure that the Liquidity Buffer Target Amount is satisfied on a 
continuing basis and on each Test Calculation Date in accordance with, and pursuant to, article 
7-duodecies of Law 130 and the BoI Regulations. 
However, should the above mentioned provisions not be followed by the relevant Parties pursuant to 
the relevant Programme Documents, then no assurance can be given as to the impact of any further 
issue of Covered Bonds under the Programme and to the adverse affect it may have on existing 
holders of the Covered Bonds.  
Further issues of Covered Bonds could have an adverse effect on the (the value of) Covered Bonds 
already issued and could ultimately lead to losses under the Covered Bonds. 
The return on an investment in Covered Bonds will be affected by charges incurred by investors  
An investor's total return on an investment in any Covered Bonds will be affected by the level of fees 
charged by the nominee service provider and/or clearing system used by the investor. Such a person 
or institution may charge fees for the opening and operation of an investment account, transfers of 
Covered Bonds, custody services and on payments of interest, principal and other amounts. Potential 
investors are therefore advised to investigate the basis on which any such fees will be charged on the 
relevant Covered Bonds. 
Law 130  
The Law 130 was enacted in Italy in April 1999 and amended to allow for the issuance of covered 
bonds in 2005. The Law 130 was further amended during the following years, including on 30 
November 2021 by way of Legislative Decree 5 November 2021, n. 190 (the “Legislative Decree 
190/2021”), entered into force on December 1st, 2021, which repealed, inter alia, articles 7-bis of 
Law 130 and introduced the new Title I-bis of the Law 130. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, no interpretation of the application of the Law 130 as it relates 
to covered bonds has been issued by any Italian court or governmental or regulatory authority, except 
for the supervisory instructions set out in Part III, Chapter 3 of the “Disposizioni di Vigilanza per le 
Banche” dated 30 March 2023 (Circolare No. 285 of 17 December 2013), as amended from time to 
time concerning, inter alia, guidelines on the valuation of asset and controls required to ensure 
compliance with the legislation. 
Consequently, it is possible that any Italian court may issue a ruling relating to the Law 130 or a 
governmental or regulatory authority may issue further regulations relating to the Law 130 or the 
interpretation thereof, having an impact to the Programme and which cannot be predicted by the 
Issuer as at the date of this Base Prospectus.  
Risks relating to changes of law  
The structure of the issue of the Covered Bonds is based on Italian law (and, in the case of the Swap 
Agreements and the Deed of Charge, if any, on English law) in force as at the date of this Base 
Prospectus. No assurance can be given as to the impact of any possible change to Italian or English 
law or administrative practice or to the law applicable to any Programme Document and to 
administrative practices in the relevant jurisdiction or that any such change will not negatively impact 
the structure of the Programme and the treatment of the Covered Bonds. Except to the extent that any 
such changes represent a significant new factor or result in this Base Prospectus containing a material 
mistake or inaccuracy, in each case which is capable of affecting the assessment of the Covered 
Bonds, the Issuer and the Guarantor will be under no obligation to update this Base Prospectus to 
reflect such changes.

--- Page 51 ---
51 
In particular, on 18 December 2019, the following provisions were published on the Official Journal 
of the European Union: 
(i) 
Directive (EU) 2019/2162 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 November 
2019 on the issue of covered bonds and covered bond public supervision and amending 
Directives 2009/65/EC and 2014/59/EU (the “EU Covered Bond Directive”); and 
(ii) 
Regulation (EU) 2019/2160 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 November 
2019 amending Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 (the “CRR”) as regards exposures in the form 
of covered bonds (the “EU Covered Bond Regulation”). 
The EU Covered Bond Regulation and the EU Covered Bond Directive amended certain provisions 
of the CRR on covered bonds and introduce standards on the issuance of covered bonds and covered 
bond public supervision. More in particular, the new EU Covered Bond Regulation made certain 
amendments to the CRR to strengthen the quality of the covered bonds eligible for favorable capital 
treatment, while the EU Covered Bond Directive aimed to harmonize the regulation and treatment of 
covered bonds across EU Member States. 
The EU Covered Bond Directive was transposed into the Italian legal framework by means of 
Legislative Decree 190/2021, which modified Law 130 and entered into force on December 1st, 2021. 
The Legislative Decree 190/2021 repealed, inter alia, articles 7-bis, 7-ter and 7-quater of Law 130 
(as applicable until the entry into force of the Implementing Provisions) and introduced the new Title 
I-bis of the Law 130, which sets out the legislative framework applicable to covered bonds issued as 
of the adoption by the Bank of Italy of new the supervisory instructions set out in Part III, Chapter 3 
of the “Disposizioni di Vigilanza per le Banche” dated 30 March 2023 (Circolare No. 285 of 17 
December 2013), as amended from time to time (the “BoI Regulations”). 
The Legislative Decree 190/2021 designated the Bank of Italy as the competent authority for the 
public supervision of the covered bonds, and entrusted it with the issuing of the implementing 
provisions of the Title I-bis of Law 130, as amended, by 8 July 2022, in accordance with article 3, 
paragraph 2, of Legislative Decree 190/2021 (the “Implementing Provisions”).  
On 30 March 2023 the Bank of Italy published the Implementing Provisions, entering into force on 
31 March 2023, and amending the BoI Regulations with regard, inter alia, to the definition of (i) the 
criteria for the assessment of the eligible assets and the conditions for including covered bonds 
among eligible assets for derivative contracts with hedging purposes; (ii) the procedures for 
calculating hedging requirements; (iii) the conditions for establishing new issuance programmes; (iv) 
giving the possibility also to banks with credit rating 3 to act as counterparties of a derivative contract 
with hedging purposes; (v) the reduction of the minimum level of over-collateralization for covered 
bonds (i.e. 2% instead of 5%), deciding not to exercise such optionality (vi) the conditions for issuing 
under already existing programme as of the date of the entry into force of the Implementing 
Provisions. 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, given the novelty above provisions and the recent amendments 
to the BoI Regulations and Law 130, the new legislative framework has not yet been tested and thus 
possible uncertainties of interpretation may arise. Accordingly, there is a risk that certain changes 
may need to be reflected in the Programme (including the Terms and Conditions of the Covered 
Bonds) in order for it to continue to be compliant with the Covered Bond Regulations. Prospective 
investors should therefore inform themselves of the above legal changes, in addition to any other 
regulatory requirements applicable to their investment in the Covered Bonds.

--- Page 52 ---
52 
Moreover, in the event of any change in the law and/or tax regulations and/or their official 
interpretations after the date hereof, the performance of the Covered Bonds and the ratings (if any) 
assigned to the Covered Bonds may be affected. In addition, it should be noted that regulatory 
requirements may be recast or amended and there can be no assurance that any such changes will not 
adversely affect the compliance position of any transaction described in this Base Prospectus or of 
any party and perspective investors under any applicable law or regulation, nor can any assurance be 
given as to whether any such changes could adversely affect the ability of the Issuer to meet its 
obligations in respect of the Covered Bonds or the Guarantor to meet its obligations under the 
Covered Bond Guarantee. Any such change could adversely impact the value of the Covered Bonds. 
Controls over the transaction  
The BoI Regulations require certain controls to be performed by the Issuer aimed at, inter alia, 
mitigating the risk that any obligation of the Issuer or the Guarantor under the Covered Bonds is not 
complied with. Whilst the Issuer believes it has implemented the appropriate policies and controls in 
compliance with the relevant requirements, investors should note that there is no assurance that such 
compliance ensures that the aforesaid controls are actually performed and that any failure to properly 
implement the respective policies and controls could have an adverse effect on the Issuer's or the 
Guarantor's ability to perform their obligations under the Covered Bonds. 
Priority of Payments 
Recent English insolvency and U.S. bankruptcy court rulings may restrain parties from making or 
receiving payments in accordance with the order of priority agreed between them. 
There is uncertainty as to the validity and/or enforceability of a provision which (based on contractual 
and/or trust principles) subordinates certain payment rights of a creditor to the payment rights of 
other creditors of its counterparty upon the occurrence of insolvency proceedings relating to that 
creditor. In particular, recent cases have focused on provisions involving the subordination of a swap 
counterparty's payment rights in respect of certain termination payments upon the occurrence of 
insolvency proceedings or other default on the part of such counterparty (so-called "flip clauses"). 
The English Supreme Court has held that a flip clause as described above is valid under English law. 
Contrary to this, however, the U.S. Bankruptcy Court has held that such a subordination provision is 
unenforceable under U.S. bankruptcy law and that any action to enforce such provision would violate 
the automatic stay which applies under such law in the case of a U.S. bankruptcy of the counterparty. 
However, a subsequent 2016 US Bankruptcy Court decision held that in certain circumstances flip 
clauses are protected under the US Bankruptcy Code and therefore enforceable in bankruptcy. The 
2016 decision was affirmed on 14 March 2018 by the US District Court for the Southern District of 
New York, which 2018 decision was further affirmed on 11 August 2020 by the US Court of Appeals 
for the Second Circuit. The implications of this conflicting remain unresolved. 
If a creditor of the Guarantor (such as a Covered Bond Swap Counterparty) or a related entity 
becomes subject to insolvency proceedings in any jurisdiction outside England and Wales, and it is 
owed a payment by the Guarantor, a question arises as to whether the insolvent creditor or any 
insolvency official appointed in respect of that creditor could successfully challenge the validity 
and/or enforceability of subordination provisions included in the Italian law governed Programme 
Documents. In particular, based on the decision of the U.S. Bankruptcy Court referred to above, there 
is a risk that such subordination provisions would not be upheld under U.S. bankruptcy law. Such 
laws may be relevant in certain circumstances with respect to a range of entities which may act as 
Swap Counterparty, including U.S. established entities and certain non-U.S. established entities with

--- Page 53 ---
53 
assets or operations in the U.S. (although the scope of any such proceedings may be limited if the 
relevant non-U.S. entity is a bank with a licensed branch in a U.S. state). If a subordination provision 
included in the Programme Documents was successfully challenged under the insolvency laws of any 
relevant jurisdiction outside England and Wales and any relevant foreign judgment or order was 
recognised by the English courts, there can be no assurance that such actions would not adversely 
affect the rights of the Covered Bondholders, the market value of the Covered Bonds and/or the 
ability of the Guarantor to satisfy its obligations under the Covered Bonds. 
Given the general relevance of the issues under discussion in the judgments referred to above, there is 
a risk that the final outcome of the dispute in such judgments (including any recognition action by the 
English courts) may result in negative rating pressure in respect of the Covered Bonds. If any rating 
assigned to the Covered Bonds is lowered, the market value of the Covered Bonds may reduce. 
2. Risks related to the structure of a particular issue of Covered Bonds 
A wide range of Covered Bonds may be issued under the Programme. A number of these Covered 
Bonds may have features which contain particular risks for potential investors. Set out below is a 
description of the most common such features: 
Covered Bonds subject to optional redemption by the Issuer 
If in the case of any particular Tranche of Covered Bonds the relevant Final Terms specifies that the 
Covered Bonds are redeemable at the Issuer’s option pursuant to Condition 7(d) (Redemption at the 
option of the Issuer) the Issuer may choose to redeem the Covered Bonds at times when prevailing 
interest rates may be relatively low. 
An optional redemption feature of Covered Bonds is likely to limit their market value. During any 
period when the Issuer may elect to redeem Covered Bonds, the market value of those Covered 
Bonds generally will not rise substantially above the price at which they can be redeemed. This also 
may be true prior to any redemption period. 
The Issuer may be expected to redeem Covered Bonds when its cost of borrowing is lower than the 
interest rate on the Covered Bonds. At those times, an investor generally would not be able to 
reinvest the redemption proceeds at an effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the 
Covered Bonds being redeemed and may only be able to do so at a significantly lower rate. Potential 
investors should consider reinvestment risk in the light of other investments available at that time. 
Redemption for tax reasons 
In the event that the Issuer would be obliged to pay additional amounts as provided or referred to in 
Condition 9 (Taxation) as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of Italy 
or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having power to tax, or any change in 
the application or official interpretation of such laws or regulations (including a holding by a court of 
competent jurisdiction), which change or amendment becomes effective on or after the date of issue 
of any first Tranche of the Covered Bonds, and such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer 
taking reasonable measures available to it, the Issuer may redeem all outstanding Covered Bonds in 
accordance with the Condition 7(c) (Redemption for tax reasons). 
In such circumstances an investor may not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in a 
comparable security at an effective interest rate as high as that of the relevant Covered Bonds. 
Fixed/Floating Rate Covered Bonds

--- Page 54 ---
54 
Fixed/Floating Rate Covered Bonds may bear interest at a rate that converts from a fixed rate to a 
floating rate, or from a floating rate to a fixed rate. Such a feature to convert the interest basis and any 
conversion of the interest basis may affect the secondary market and the market value of such 
Covered Bonds as the change of the interest basis may result in a lower interest result for Covered 
Bondholders. Where the Covered Bonds convert from a fixed rate to a floating rate, the spread on the 
Fixed/Floating Rate Covered Bonds may be less favourable than then prevailing spreads on 
comparable Floating Rate Covered Bonds tied to the same reference rate. In addition, the new 
floating rate at any time may be lower than the rates on other Covered Bonds. Where the Covered 
Bond convert from a floating rate to a fixed rate, the fixed rate may be lower than then prevailing 
rates on those Covered Bonds and could affect the market value of an investment in the relevant 
Covered Bonds. 
Interest rate risks 
Investments in Fixed Rate Covered Bonds involve the risk that subsequent changes in market interest 
rates may adversely affect the value of the Fixed Rate Covered Bonds. 
Floating rate risks 
Investments in Floating Rate Covered Bonds involve the risk for the Covered Bondholders of 
fluctuating interest rate levels and uncertain interest earnings. 
Covered Bonds issued at a substantial discount or premium 
The market values of securities issued at a substantial discount or premium from their principal 
amount tend to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices for 
conventional interest-bearing securities. Generally, the longer the remaining term of the securities, 
the greater the price volatility as compared to conventional interest-bearing securities with 
comparable maturities. 
Certain benchmark rates, including EURIBOR, may be discontinued or reformed in the future 
The Euro Interbank Offered Rate ("EURIBOR") and other interest rates or other types of rates and 
indices which are deemed to be benchmarks are the subject of ongoing national and international 
regulatory discussions and proposals for reform. Some of these reforms are already effective whilst 
others are still to be implemented. These reforms may cause such benchmarks to perform differently 
than in the past, or to disappear entirely, or have other consequences which cannot be predicted. Any 
such consequence could have a material adverse effect on any Covered Bonds linked to such a 
"benchmark". 
Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011, as amended (the “EU Benchmarks Regulation”) applies, subject to 
certain transitional provisions, to the provision of benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a 
benchmark and the use of a benchmark, within the EU and it, among other things, (i) requires 
benchmark administrators to be authorised or registered (or, if non-EU-based, to be subject to an 
equivalent regime or otherwise recognised or endorsed) and (ii) prevents certain uses by EU 
supervised entities (such as the Issuer) of "benchmarks" of administrators that are not 
authorised/registered (or, if non-EU based, deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed). The 
Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 as it forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of 
the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK Benchmarks Regulation") applies to the 
provision of benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark, 
within the UK. Similarly, it prohibits the use in the UK by UK supervised entities of benchmarks of

--- Page 55 ---
55 
administrators that are not authorised by the Financial Conduct Authority (“FCA”) or registered on 
the FCA register (or, if non-UK based, not deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed). 
The EU Benchmarks Regulation or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable, could have a 
material impact on any Covered Bonds linked to EURIBOR or another benchmark rate or index, 
including any of the following: (i) an index which is a benchmark could not be used as such if its 
administrator does not obtain appropriate EU authorisations or is based in a non-EU jurisdiction 
which (subject to any applicable transitional provisions) does not have equivalent regulation. In such 
event, depending on the particular benchmark and the applicable terms of the Covered Bonds, the 
Covered Bonds could be delisted (if listed), adjusted, redeemed or otherwise impacted; and (ii) if the 
methodology or other terms of the benchmark related to a series of Covered Bonds are changed in 
order to comply with the terms of the EU Benchmarks Regulation or UK Benchmarks Regulation, 
and such changes could (amongst other things) have the effect of reducing or increasing the rate or 
level, or affecting the volatility of the published rate or level, of the relevant benchmark and could 
lead to adjustments to the terms of the Covered Bonds, including determination by the Calculation 
Agent of the rate or level in its discretion.  
More broadly, any of the international, national or other proposals for reform, or the general 
increased regulatory scrutiny of benchmarks, could increase the costs and risks of administering or 
otherwise participating in the setting of a benchmark and complying with any such regulations or 
requirements. Such factors may have the effect of discouraging market participants from continuing 
to administer or contribute to certain "benchmarks," trigger changes in the rules or methodologies 
used in certain "benchmarks" or lead to the discontinuance or unavailability of quotes of certain 
"benchmarks". 
As an example of such benchmark reforms, on 21 September 2017, the European Central Bank 
announced that it would be part of a new working group tasked with the identification and adoption 
of a "risk free overnight rate" which can serve as a basis for an alternative to current benchmarks used 
in a variety of financial instruments and contracts in the euro area. On 13 September 2018, the 
working group on Euro risk-free rates recommended the new Euro short-term rate ("€STR") as the 
new risk-free rate for the euro area. The €STR was published for the first time on 2 October 2019. 
Although EURIBOR has subsequently been reformed in order to comply with the terms of the EU 
Benchmarks Regulation, it remains uncertain as to how long it will continue in its current form, or 
whether it will be further reformed or replaced with €STR or an alternative benchmark. 
The elimination of EURIBOR or any other benchmark, or changes in the manner of administration of 
any benchmark, could require or result in an adjustment to the interest calculation provisions of the 
Conditions (as further described in Condition 6(j) (Benchmark Replacement)), or result in adverse 
consequences to holders of any Covered Bonds linked to such benchmark (including Floating Rate 
Covered Bonds whose interest rates are linked to EURIBOR or any other such benchmark that is 
subject to reform). Furthermore, even prior to the implementation of any changes, uncertainty as to 
the nature of alternative reference rates and as to potential changes to such benchmark may adversely 
affect such benchmark during the term of the relevant Covered Bonds, the return on the relevant 
Notes and the trading market for securities (including the Covered Bonds) based on the same 
benchmark. 
It is not possible to predict with certainty whether, and to what extent, EURIBOR will continue to be 
supported going forwards. This may cause EURIBOR to perform differently than it has done in the 
past and may have other consequences which cannot be predicted. Such factors may have (without 
limitation) the following effects on certain benchmarks: (i) discouraging market participants from

--- Page 56 ---
56 
continuing to administer or contribute to a benchmark; (ii) triggering changes in the rules or 
methodologies used in the benchmark and/or (iii) leading to the disappearance of the benchmark. Any 
of the above changes or any other consequential changes as a result of international or national 
reforms or other initiatives or investigations, could have a material adverse effect on the value of and 
return on any Covered Bond linked to, referencing, or otherwise dependent (in whole or in part) 
upon, a benchmark.  
The "Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds" set out below provide for certain fallback 
arrangements in the event that a published benchmark (including any page on which such benchmark 
may be published (or any successor service)) becomes unavailable otherwise occurs. Such an event 
may be deemed to have occurred prior to the issue date for a Series of Covered Bonds. Such fallback 
arrangements include the possibility that the rate of interest could be set by reference to a reference 
bond rate, a successor rate or an alternative reference rate and that such successor rate or alternative 
reference rate may be adjusted (if required) in order to reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably 
practicable in the circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as applicable) to investors 
arising out of the replacement of the relevant benchmark. In certain circumstances the ultimate 
fallback of interest for a particular CB Interest Period may result in the rate of interest for the last 
preceding CB Interest Period being used. This may result in the effective application of a fixed rate 
for Floating Rate Covered Bonds based on the rate which was last observed on the Relevant Screen 
Page. In addition, due to the uncertainty concerning the availability of successor rates and alternative 
reference rates and the involvement of an Independent Adviser (as defined in the Conditions), the 
relevant fallback provisions may not operate as intended at the relevant time. 
Any such consequences could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any such 
Covered Bonds. Moreover, any of the above matters or any other significant change to the setting or 
existence of any relevant reference rate could affect the ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations 
under the Floating Rate Covered Bonds or could have a material adverse effect on the value or 
liquidity of, and the amount payable under, the Floating Rate Covered Bonds. Investors should 
consider these matters when making their investment decision with respect to the relevant Floating 
Rate Covered Bonds. 
Covered Bonds issued with a specific use of proceeds, such as to finance or refinance, in whole or in 
part, Eligible Green Projects may not be a suitable investment for all investors seeking exposure to 
green assets  
If so specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may issue Covered Bonds under the 
Programme for projects that promote eco-friendly and other environmental ("green") purposes 
("Green Covered Bonds" and "Eligible Green Projects") in accordance with the Issuer’s Green 
Bond Framework for the issuance of Green Covered Bonds based on principles and guidelines stated 
in the Green Bond Principles (GBP) 2021 version, as administered by the International Capital 
Market Association (“ICMA”). 
In such case, prospective investors should consider the information contained in the section "Use of 
Proceeds" and in the applicable Final Terms and must determine for themselves the relevance of such 
information for the purpose of any investment in the Covered Bonds together with any other 
investigation such investors deem necessary, and must assess the suitability of such investment in 
light of their own circumstances. 
It should be noted that there is currently no clearly established definition (legal, regulatory or 
otherwise) of, nor market consensus as to what constitutes, respectively "green" project or as to what 
precise attributes are required for a particular project to be defined as "green" or such other equivalent

--- Page 57 ---
57 
label. No assurance can be given that green projects will meet investor expectations or requirements 
regarding such "green" or similar labels (including in relation to the EU Taxonomy Regulation and 
any related technical screening criteria, the proposed European Green Bond Regulation, SFDR, and 
any implementing legislation and guidelines, or any similar legislation in the United Kingdom) or any 
requirements of such labels as they may evolve from time to time.  
A basis for the determination of the definitions of “green” and “sustainable” has been established in 
the EU with the publication in the Official Journal of the EU on 22 June 2020 of Regulation (EU) 
2020/852 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 18 June 2020 (the "Sustainable Finance 
Taxonomy Regulation") on the establishment of a framework to facilitate sustainable investment 
(the "EU Sustainable Finance Taxonomy") and the final social taxonomy report on transition 
activities for the EU Sustainable Finance Taxonomy, which was published by the Platform on 
Sustainable Finance on 28 February 2022.  On 21 April 2021, the European Commission adopted the 
EU Taxonomy Climate Delegated Act, introducing a first set of technical screening criteria to be used 
to define which activities contribute to the following environmental objectives under the EU 
Sustainable Finance Taxonomy: climate change adaptation and climate change mitigation (the 
"Taxonomy Climate Delegated Act"). The Taxonomy Climate Delegated Act entered into force on 
1 January 2022. On March 2022, the EU Commission adopted the EU taxonomy Complementary 
Climate Delegated Act, including, under strict conditions, specific nuclear and gas energy activities 
in the list of economic activities covered by the EU Taxonomy Regulation. The Act was published in 
the Official Journal on 15 July 2022 and it is applicable since January 2023.  
Furthermore, on 6 April 2022, the European Commission adopted the Regulatory Technical 
Standards (RTS) to Regulation (EU) 2019/2088 (the “Sustainable Finance Disclosure Regulation” 
or “SFRD”) which came into force in January 2023.  
Any further delegated act adopted by the EU Commission to implement the Sustainable Finance 
Taxonomy Regulation or the Sustainable Finance Disclosure Regulation may result in a regular 
review of the relating screening criteria, with changes to the scope of activities and other amendments 
to reflect technological progress.  
In addition, on 18 June 2019, the Commission Technical Expert Group on sustainable finance 
published its final report on a future European standard for green bonds (the “EU Green Bond 
Standard”). In the context of the public consultation on the renewed sustainable finance strategy, the 
European Commission launched a targeted consultation on the establishment of an EU Green Bond 
Standard, that builds and consults on the work of the Commission Technical Expert Group, and has 
run between 12 June and 2 October 2020. On 19 October 2020, the European Commission published 
the Commission Work Programme 2021, in which expressed the intention to deliver a legislative 
proposal by the end of the second quarter of 2021. On 6 July 2021, the European Commission 
officially adopted a legislative proposal for a EU Green Bond Standard (the “European Green Bond 
Regulation”) setting out four main requirements: (i) allocation of the funds raised by the green bond 
should be made In compliance with the EU Sustainable Finance Taxonomy; (ii) full transparency on 
the allocation of the green bond proceeds; (iii) monitoring and compliance activities to be carried out 
by an external reviewer; and (iv) registration of external reviewers with the ESMA and subjection to 
its supervision. 
Any Green Covered Bonds issued under the Programme may not be compliant with the proposed 
European Green Bond Regulation and are only intended to comply with the requirements and 
processes in the Issuer's Green Bond Framework. It is not clear if the establishment of a European 
Green Bond label and the optional disclosures regime for bonds issued as "environmentally

--- Page 58 ---
58 
sustainable" under the proposed European Green Bond Regulation could have an impact on investor 
demand for, and pricing of, green use of proceeds for bonds that do not comply with the requirements 
of the EuGB label or the optional disclosures regime, such as the Green Covered Bonds issued under 
this Programme. It could result in reduced liquidity or lower demand or could otherwise affect the 
market price of any Green Covered Bonds issued under this Programme that do not comply with 
those standards proposed under the European Green Bond Regulation. 
No assurance can be given that any adverse green and/or other impacts will not occur during the 
implementation of any green project. The Issuer's Green Bond Framework may be subject to review 
and change and may be amended, updated, supplemented, replaced and/or withdrawn from time to 
time and any subsequent version(s) may differ from any description given in this Base Prospectus. 
The Issuer's Green Bond Framework does not form part of, nor is incorporated by reference, in this 
Base Prospectus. 
With reference to any Covered Bonds in respect of which the applicable Final Terms state that the 
proceeds will be used to finance or refinance, in whole or in part, Eligible Green Projects, while it is 
the intention of the Issuer to allocate the amount equal to the net proceeds of any such Covered 
Bonds in, or substantially in, such a manner described in the applicable Final Terms, there can be no 
assurance that the relevant Eligible Green Projects will be available or capable of being implemented 
in, or substantially in, such manner and/or in accordance with any scheduled timeframe. In addition, 
there can be no assurance that any such Eligible Green Projects will be completed as expected or 
achieve the results or outcome as originally expected or anticipated by the Issuer. 
An amount equal to the net proceeds of the issue of any Green Covered Bonds which, from time to 
time, are not allocated as funding for green projects are intended to be held pending allocation, and 
will be used to finance and refinance Eligible Green Loans (as defined in Section Use of Proceeds of 
this Base Prospectus). Furthermore, under the Issuer’s Green Bond Framework is provided that in 
case of Eligible Green Loans exceeding the total nominal value of the issue of any Green Covered 
Bonds, such Eligible Green Loans will be held in the Cover Pool until maturity. On a semi-annual 
basis, the assets are monitored to ensure the timely replacement of any loan which ceases to be an 
Eligible Green Loan, it is matured, repaid or, for any reason, no more satisfying the selection criteria. 
For the avoidance of doubt, neither the proceeds of any Green Covered Bonds nor any amount equal 
to such proceeds will be segregated by the Issuer from its capital and other assets and payments of 
principal and interest (as the case may be) on the relevant Green Covered Bonds shall not depend on 
the performance of the relevant project nor have any preferred right against such assets. 
Any failure to issuance or withdrawal of any opinion or certification or any opinion or certification 
attesting that the Issuer is not complying, in whole or in part, with any matters for which such opinion 
or certification is opining or certifying on (as described below) and/or any Covered Bonds no longer 
being listed or admitted to trading on any stock exchange or securities market (as described below) 
and/or the failure of the Covered Bonds issued as Green Covered Bonds to meet investors' 
expectations requirements regarding any "green" or similar labels, will not constitute an event of 
default under the Covered Bonds. 
Any such event or failure may have a material adverse effect on the value of such Covered Bonds and 
also potentially the value of any other Covered Bonds which are intended to finance or refinance 
Eligible Green Projects, and/or result in adverse consequences for certain investors with portfolio 
mandates to invest in securities to be used for a particular purpose. 
No assurance of suitability or reliability of any Second Party Opinion or any other opinion or 
certification of any third party relating to any Green Covered Bonds

--- Page 59 ---
59 
In connection with the issue of Green Covered Bonds, the Issuer may request a sustainability rating 
agency or sustainability consulting firm to issue a second-party opinion as to the suitability or 
reliability for any purpose whatsoever of any external reviews (whether or not solicited by the Issuer) 
which may or may not be made available in connection with the issue of any Covered Bonds and, in 
particular, with any Eligible Green Projects, to fulfil any environmental, green and/or sustainability 
criteria (any such second-party opinion, a "Second-party Opinion"). A Second-party Opinion may 
not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to the structure, market, or additional risk factors 
discussed above and other factors that may affect the value of the Covered Bonds or the projects 
financed or refinanced towards an amount corresponding to the net proceeds of the relevant issue of 
Green Covered Bonds. A Second-party Opinion would not constitute a recommendation to buy, sell 
or hold the relevant Green Covered Bonds and would only be current as of the date it is released. A 
withdrawal of the Second-party Opinion may affect the value of such Green Covered Bonds, and/or 
may have consequences for certain investors with portfolio mandates to invest in green or social or 
sustainable assets. The criteria and/or considerations that form the basis of any Second-party Opinion 
and any other such opinion or certification may change at any time and such Second-party Opinion 
may be amended, updated, supplemented, replaced and/or withdrawn. Any withdrawal of any such 
opinion or certification may have a material adverse effect on the value of such Green Covered 
Bonds in respect of which such opinion or certification is given and/or result in adverse consequences 
for certain investors with portfolio mandates to invest in green or social or sustainable assets. 
Prospective investors must determine for themselves the relevance of any such opinion or 
certification and/or the information contained therein. 
No assurance that Green Covered Bonds will be admitted to trading on any dedicated "green" (or 
similar) segment of any stock exchange or market, or that any admission obtained will be maintained  
In the event that any Green Covered Bonds are listed or admitted to trading on any dedicated "green", 
"social", "sustainable" or other equivalently-labelled segment of any stock exchange or securities 
market (whether or not regulated), no representation or assurance is given by the Issuer, the Dealers 
or any other person that such listing or admission satisfies, whether in whole or in part, any investor 
expectations or requirements as regards any investment criteria or guidelines with which such 
investor or its investments are required to comply, whether by any applicable laws or regulations or 
by its own by-laws or other governing rules or investment portfolio mandates, in particular, with 
regard to any direct or indirect environmental impact of a relevant Eligible Green Project. 
Furthermore, it should be noted that the criteria for any such listings or admission to trading may vary 
from one stock exchange or securities market to another. Nor is any representation or assurance given 
or made by the Issuer, the Dealers or any other person that any such listing or admission to trading 
will be obtained in respect of any such Covered Bonds or, if obtained, that any such listing or 
admission to trading will be maintained during the life of the Covered Bonds. 
Tax consequences of holding the Covered Bonds - No Gross-up for Taxes 
Potential investors should consider the tax consequences of investing in the Covered Bonds and 
consult their tax adviser about their own tax situation. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in 
this Base Prospectus, if withholding of, or deduction of any present or future taxes, duties, 
assessments or charges of whatever nature is imposed by or on behalf of Italy, any authority therein 
or thereof having power to tax, the Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor will make the 
required withholding or deduction of such taxes, duties, assessments or charges for the account of 
the Covered Bondholders, as the case may be. The Issuer shall be obliged to pay any additional 
amounts pursuant to Condition 9 (Taxation) subject to customary exceptions including Decree No.

--- Page 60 ---
60 
239 withholdings. Neither the Issuer nor the Guarantor shall be obliged to pay any additional 
amounts to the Covered Bondholders in relation to withholdings or deductions on payments made 
by the Guarantor. 
There is no authority directly on point regarding the Italian tax regime of payments made by an 
Italian resident Guarantor under the Guarantee. For further details see the section entitled "Taxation". 
European Covered Bond (premium) Label  
The Covered Bonds to be issued under this Base Prospectus are intended to be labelled as “European 
Covered Bond (premium)”, as set out in Article 7-viciesbis of Title I-bis of Law 130, provided that 
the Covered Bonds are in compliance with Law 130, the BoI Regulations and Article 129 of the 
CRR. Given that the labelling of the Covered Bonds as “European Covered Bond (premium)” 
depends on the fulfilment of legal requirements under Law 130, the BoI Regulations and Article 129 
of the CRR, investors should consider, amongst other things, any regulatory impacts when deciding 
whether or not to purchase any Covered Bonds and assess autonomously the compliance of the 
Covered Bonds with the applicable regulatory framework.  
No assurance or representation is given as to the assets that comprise the Cover Pool (including, 
without limitation, whether such assets comply with Article 129(1) of the CRR) nor as to any label 
assigned to any Series of Covered Bonds (including, without limitation, where such Covered Bonds 
are labelled as “European Covered Bond (premium)”. Furthermore, no assurance is given whether 
Covered Bonds labelled as European Covered Bond (premium) will continue to maintain such label 
even after their issuance. 
3. Risks related to the underlying 
Integration limits set forth under Law 130 and article 129 of the CRR 
The integration of the Cover Pool, whether through Eligible Assets and/or Integration Assets and/or 
through Liquid Assets, shall be carried out in accordance with the methods, and subject to the limits, 
set out in the Law 130, the BoI Regulations and the article 129 of the CRR.  
More specifically, integration is allowed exclusively for the purpose of (a) complying with the tests 
provided for under the  article 7-undecies of Law 130; (b) complying with the liquidity buffer 
requirements provided for under the article 7-duodecies of Law 130; (c) complying with statutory 
overcollateralization requirements provided for under the article 129, paragraph 3a, of the CRR; (d) 
complying with any contractual overcollateralization requirements agreed by the parties to the 
relevant agreements or (e) complying with the exposure limit set forth under article 129, paragraph 1, 
letters (a), (b), (c) and (d) of the CRR.  
Investors should note that integration is not allowed in circumstances other than as set out in Law 
130, the BoI Regulations and the article 129 of the CRR and specified above. 
Limited description of the Cover Pool 
Covered Bondholders will not receive detailed statistics or information in relation to the Mortgage 
Loans in the Cover Pool, because it is expected that the constitution of the Cover Pool will frequently 
change due to, for instance: 
 
the Seller selling further Mortgage Loans (or types of loans, which are of a type that have not 
previously been comprised in the relevant Portfolio transferred to the Guarantor); and 
 
the Seller repurchasing Mortgage Loans in accordance with the Master Transfer Agreement.

--- Page 61 ---
61 
However, each Mortgage Loan will be required to meet the Eligibility Criteria (see "Description of 
the Cover Pool — Eligibility Criteria") and will be subject to the representations and warranties set 
out in the Warranty and Indemnity Agreement – see "Overview of the Programme Documents – 
Warranty and Indemnity Agreement". In addition, the Nominal Value Test is intended to ensure that 
the aggregate Outstanding Principal Balance of the Cover Pool eligible for the Statutory Test is at 
least equal to the Outstanding Principal Amount of the Covered Bonds for so long as Covered Bonds 
remain outstanding and the Test Calculation Agent will provide monthly reports that will set out, 
inter alia, certain information in relation to the Statutory Tests. 
Sale of Eligible Assets, Integration Assets and/Liquid Assets following the occurrence of an Issuer 
Event of Default 
If a Notice to Pay is served on the Issuer and the Guarantor, but prior to the service of an 
Acceleration Notice, the Guarantor (also through the Servicer, pursuant the Servicing Agreement) 
will sell, refinance or otherwise liquidate the Eligible Assets, Integration Assets and Liquid Assets 
included in the Cover Pool (selected on a random basis)(the “Selected Assets”) in order to make 
payments to the Guarantor's creditors including making payments under the Covered Bond 
Guarantee, subject to the rights of pre-emption in favour of the Issuer to buy such Eligible Assets 
and, if applicable, Integration Assets and Liquid Assets pursuant to the Master Transfer Agreement. 
For further information, please see section headed "Overview of the Programme Documents" – 
"Cover Pool Administration Agreement". 
There is no guarantee that a buyer will be found to acquire Selected Assets at the times required and 
there can be no guarantee or assurance as to the price which can be obtained for such Selected Assets, 
which may affect payments under the Covered Bond Guarantee. However, the Selected Assets may 
not be sold by the Guarantor for less than an amount equal to the Required Outstanding Principal 
Balance Amount for the relevant Series of Covered Bonds until six months prior to the Maturity Date 
in respect of such Covered Bonds or (if the same is specified as applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms) the Extended Maturity Date under the Covered Bond Guarantee in respect of such Covered 
Bonds. In the six months prior to, as applicable, the Maturity Date or Extended Maturity Date, if the 
Guarantor does not have sufficient other funds standing to the credit of the Collection Account, the 
Payment Account and the Reserve Account available to repay the Earliest Maturing Covered Bonds 
(after taking into account all payments, provisions and credits to be made in priority thereto), then it 
is obliged through the Portfolio Manager to sell the Selected Assets for the best price reasonably 
available notwithstanding that such price may be less than the Required Outstanding Principal 
Balance Amount. 
Realisation of assets following the occurrence of a Guarantor Event of Default 
If a Guarantor Event of Default occurs and an Acceleration Notice is served on the Guarantor, then 
the Representative of the Covered Bondholders will be entitled to enforce the Covered Bond 
Guarantee and to apply the proceeds deriving from the realisation of the Cover Pool towards payment 
of all secured obligations in accordance with the Post-Guarantor Event of Default Priority of 
Payments, as described in the section entitled "Cashflows" below. 
There is no guarantee that the proceeds of realisation of the Cover Pool will be in an amount 
sufficient to repay all amounts due to creditors (including the Covered Bondholders) under the 
Covered Bonds and the Programme Documents. If an Acceleration Notice is served on the Guarantor 
then the Covered Bonds may be repaid sooner or later than expected or not at all.

--- Page 62 ---
62 
Factors that may affect the realisable value of the Cover Pool or the ability of the Guarantor to make 
payments under the Covered Bond Guarantee 
Following the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default, the service of a Notice to Pay on the Issuer 
and on the Guarantor, the realisable value of Eligible Assets, Integration Assets and Liquid Assets 
comprised in the Cover Pool may be reduced (which may affect the ability of the Guarantor to make 
payments under the Covered Bond Guarantee) by: 
 
default by Debtors of amounts due on their Mortgage Loans; 
 
changes to the lending criteria of the Seller; 
 
set-off risks in relation to some types of Mortgage Loans in the Cover Pool; 
 
limited recourse to the Guarantor; 
 
possible regulatory changes by the Bank of Italy, CONSOB or other regulatory authorities; and 
 
regulations in Italy that could lead to some terms of the Mortgage Loans being unenforceable.  
Each of these factors is considered in more detail below. However, it should be noted that the Tests, 
the Liquidity Buffer Target Amount, the Minimum OC Requirement and the Eligibility Criteria are 
intended to ensure that there will be an adequate amount of Eligible Assets, Integration Assets and/or 
Liquid Assets in the Cover Pool and moneys standing to the credit of the Accounts to enable the 
Guarantor to repay the Covered Bonds following an Issuer Event of Default, service of a Notice to 
Pay on the Issuer and on the Guarantor and accordingly it is expected (although there is no assurance) 
that Eligible Assets, Integration Assets and Liquid Assets could be realised for sufficient prices to 
enable the Guarantor to meet its obligations under the Covered Bond Guarantee. 
Default by Debtors in paying amounts due on their Mortgage Loans 
Debtors may default on their obligations due under the Mortgage Loans for a variety of reasons. The 
Mortgage Loans are affected by credit, liquidity and interest rate risks. Various factors influence 
mortgage delinquency rates, prepayment rates, repossession frequency and the ultimate payment of 
interest and principal, such as changes in the national or international economic climate, regional 
economic or housing conditions, changes in tax laws, interest rates, inflation, the availability of 
financing, yields on alternative investments, political developments and government policies. Other 
factors in Debtors' individual, personal or financial circumstances may affect the ability of Debtors to 
repay the Mortgage Loans. Loss of earnings, illness, divorce and other similar factors may lead to an 
increase in default by and bankruptcies of Debtors, and could ultimately have an adverse impact on 
the ability of Debtors to repay the Mortgage Loans. In addition, the ability of a borrower to sell a 
property given as security for Mortgage Loan at a price sufficient to repay the amounts outstanding 
under that Mortgage Loan will depend upon a number of factors, including the availability of buyers 
for that property, the value of that property and property values in general at the time.  
Investors should be aware that the abovementioned circumstances may have a negative impact on the 
future cashflows of the Issuer and on its ability to pay interest and principal of the Covered Bonds. 
Set-off risks 
The assignment of receivables under the Law 130 is governed by article 58, paragraph 2, 3 and 4, of 
the Banking Law. According to the prevailing interpretation of such provision, such assignment 
becomes enforceable against the relevant debtors as of the later of (i) the date of the publication of 
the notice of assignment in the Official Gazette of the Republic of Italy (La Gazzetta Ufficiale della 
Repubblica Italiana), and (ii) the date of registration of the notice of assignment in the local

--- Page 63 ---
63 
Companies' Registry. Consequently, the rights of the Guarantor may be subject to the direct rights of 
the Debtors against the Seller or, as applicable the relevant originator, including rights of set-off on 
claims arising existing prior to notification in the Official Gazette and registration at the local 
Companies' Registry. In addition, the exercise of set-off rights by Debtors may adversely affect any 
sale proceeds of the Cover Pool and, ultimately, the ability of the Guarantor to make payments under 
the Covered Bond Guarantee. 
Moreover, Law Decree no. 145 of 23 December 2013 (“Destinazione Italia Decree”) introduced 
certain amendments to article 4 of the Law 130. As a consequence of such amendments, it is 
expressly provided by Law 130 that the Debtors cannot exercise rights of set-off against the 
Guarantor on claims arising vis-à-vis the Seller after the publication of the notice of assignment in the 
Official Gazette of the Republic of Italy (Gazzetta Ufficiale della Repubblica Italiana). 
Changes to the lending criteria of the Seller 
Each of the Mortgage Loans originated by the Seller will have been originated in accordance with its 
lending criteria at the time of origination. It is expected that the Seller's lending criteria will generally 
consider type of property, term of loan, age of applicant, the loan-to-value ratio, mortgage indemnity 
guarantee policies, high loan-to-value fees, status of applicants and credit history. In the event of the 
sale or transfer of any Mortgage Loans to the Guarantor, the Seller will warrant that such Mortgage 
Loans were originated in accordance with the Seller's lending criteria applicable at the time of 
origination The Seller retains the right to revise its lending criteria from time to time subject to the 
terms of the Master Transfer Agreement. However, if such lending criteria change in a manner that 
affects the creditworthiness of the Mortgage Loans, that may lead to increased defaults by Debtors 
and may affect the realisable value of the Cover Pool and the ability of the Guarantor to make 
payments under the Covered Bond Guarantee. However, it should be noted that Defaulted 
Receivables (including any unsecured loans in respect of which a default pursuant to article 178 of 
the CRR has occurred) in the Cover Pool will be given a reduced weighting for the purposes of the 
calculation of the Statutory Tests and the Amortisation Test. 
Debtors may become subject to a debt restructuring arrangement or a court-supervised liquidation in 
accordance with the Italian Insolvency Code  
The Italian Insolvency Code provides for special composition procedures for situations of 
overindebtedness (procedure di composizione della crisi da sovraindebitamento), and for a special 
court-supervised liquidation for situations of over-indebtedness (liquidazione controllata del 
sovraindebitamento), which apply to (i) consumers, professionals, small enterprises who/which are in 
a situation of crisis or insolvency, and (ii) any other debtor which cannot be subject to judicial 
liquidation (liquidazione giudiziale) or any other liquidation procedure under Italian law applicable 
for situations of crisis (crisi) or insolvency (insolvenza). 
Over-indebtedness occurs either in a situation of crisis or in a situation of insolvency. Crisis is the 
condition that makes insolvency likely to happen, and it occurs when the perspective cash flow shows 
that the debtor will become unable to pay its debts as they fall due within the subsequent 12 months; 
insolvency is the inability to repay debts as they fall due.  
Should any Debtor enter into such debt restructuring agreement (be it with the Issuer or with any 
other of its creditors), the Guarantor could be subject to the risk of having the payments due by the 
relevant debtor suspended for up one year. 
Mortgage borrower protection

--- Page 64 ---
64 
Certain legislation enacted in Italy has given new rights and certain benefits to mortgage debtors 
and/or reinforced existing rights, including, inter alia, and as better regulated under the relevant 
applicable laws and regulations, (i) the right of prepayment of the principal amount of the mortgage 
loan, without incurring a penalty or, as applicable, at a reduced penalty rate, (ii) the right to the 
substitution (portabilità) of a mortgage loan with another mortgage loan, (iii) the right of first home-
owners to suspend instalment payments under mortgage loans up to a maximum of two times and for 
a maximum aggregate period of 18 months, (iv) the right to suspend the payment of principal 
instalments relating to mortgage loans for a 12 months period, (v) the automatic suspension of 
instalment payments of mortgages and loans, up to certain periods, to residents, both individuals and 
businesses, in certain municipalities affected by environmental disasters and listed in the relevant 
laws and regulations. 
In addition to the above, following the COVID-19 outbreak in Italy, further measures have been 
adopted, aimed at sustaining income of employees, the self-employed, self-employed professionals, 
micro and small/medium enterprises, including suspension of instalments payment. 
The consequence of the above is that a material part of the Portfolio could be subject to suspension of 
payments, as consequence of which the Issuer may envisage certain negative impacts, which may not 
be predicted as at the date of this Base Prospectus, including negative cash shortfalls which could 
affect the ability of the issuer to pay timely interest on the Covered Bonds and/or increase in the 
activities necessary for the servicing of the Portfolio. 
Renegotiations of floating rate Mortgage Loans  
Law Decree No. 93 of 27 May 2008 (“Law Decree 93”), converted into law No. 126 of 24 July 2008 
(“Law 126”) which came into force on 29 May 2008, regulates the renegotiation of floating rate 
mortgage loans granted for the purposes of purchasing, building or refurbishing real estate assets used 
as main houses. 
According to Law 126, the Ministero dell’Economia e delle Finanze (Minister of Economy and 
Finance) and the ABI entered into a convention providing for the procedures for the renegotiation of 
such floating rate mortgage loans (the “Convention”). 
The Convention applies to floating rate mortgage loan agreements entered into or taken over 
(accollati), also further to the parcelling (frazionamento) of the relevant mortgages, before 29 May 
2008. Pursuant to the Convention, the instalments payable by a borrower under any of such mortgage 
loan agreements will be recalculated applying (a) a fixed interest rate (equal to the average of the 
floating rate interest rates applied under the relevant mortgage loan agreement during 2006) on the 
initial principal amount and for the original final maturity date of the relevant mortgage loan, or (b) if 
the mortgage loan has been entered into, renegotiated or taken over (accollato) after 31 December 
2006, the parameters used for the calculation of the first instalment due after the date on which the 
mortgage loan has been entered into, renegotiated or taken over (accollato). The difference between 
the amount to be paid by the borrower as a result of such recalculation and the amount that the 
borrower would have paid on the basis of the original instalment plan will be (a) if negative, debited 
to a bank account on which interest will accrue in favour of the lender at the lower of (i) the rate 
equal to 10 (ten) IRS (interest rate swap) plus a spread of 0.50, and (ii) the rate applicable pursuant to 
the relevant mortgage loan, each of them calculated, in a fixed amount, on the renegotiation date, or 
(b) if positive, credited to such bank account. After the original final maturity date of the mortgage 
loan, the outstanding debt on the bank account will be repaid by the borrower through constant 
instalments equal to the ones resulting from the renegotiation, and the amortisation plan will be 
determined on the basis of the lower of (a) the rate applicable on the bank account, and (ii) the rate

--- Page 65 ---
65 
applicable pursuant to the relevant mortgage loan, as calculated, in a fixed amount, on the original 
final maturity date of the mortgage loan. 
The legislation referred to in each subparagraph under section “Mortgage borrower protection” 
above constitutes an adverse effect on the Cover Pool and, in particular, on any cash flow projections 
concerning the Cover Pool as well as on the over-collateralisation required. However, as this 
legislation is relatively new, as at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer is not in a position to 
predict its impact. 
Mortgage Credit Directive  
Directive 2014/17/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 4 February 2014 on credit 
agreements for consumers relating to residential immovable property and amending Directives 
2008/48/EC and 2013/36/EU and Regulation (EU) No 1093/2010 (the “Mortgage Credit 
Directive”) setting out a common framework for certain aspects of the laws, regulations and 
administrative provisions of the Member States concerning agreements covering credit for consumers 
secured by a mortgage or otherwise relating to residential immovable property.  
In Italy the Government has approved the Legislative Decree no. 72 of 21 April 2016, implementing 
the Mortgage Credit Directive and published on the Official Gazette of the Republic of Italy on 20 
May 2016 (the “Mortgage Legislative Decree”). 
The Mortgage Legislative Decree clarifies that the new legal framework shall apply, inter alia, to (i) 
residential mortgage loans and (ii) loans relating to the purchase or preservation of the property rights 
on a residential immovable. 
Moreover such decree sets forth certain rules of correctness, diligence and transparency and 
information undertakings applicable to the lenders and intermediaries which offer loans to the 
consumers and provides that without prejudice to article 2744 of Italian civil code, the parties may 
expressly agree in a specific clause at the closing of a loan agreements that in case of breach of the 
borrower’s payment obligations under the agreement (i.e. non- payment of an amount equal to 
eighteen loan instalments due and payable by the debtor) the transfer or the sale of the mortgaged 
assets has as a consequence that the entire debt is settled even if the value of the assets or the 
proceeds deriving from the sale of the assets is lower than the remaining amount due by the debtor in 
relation to the loan. Otherwise if the estimated value of the assets or the proceeds deriving from the 
sale of the assets is higher than the remaining amount due by the debtor, the excess amount shall be 
returned to the consumer. According to the Mortgage Legislative Decree the Bank of Italy and the 
Ministry of Economy and Finance shall enact implementing provisions of such decree. In this 
respect, on 30 September 2016, the Bank of Italy has amended the supervisory regulations on 
transparency and correctness in the relationships between intermediaries and clients (disposizioni di 
vigilanza in materia di trasparenza delle operazioni e dei servizi bancari e finanziari; correttezza 
delle relazioni tra intermediari e clienti) of 29 July 2009, as subsequently amended, in order to 
implement the transparency provisions of laid down by the Mortgage Credit Directive and by the 
Mortgage Credit Legislative Decree, while on January 2018 the Ministry of Economy and Finance 
has submitted to public consultation the draft of the Interministerial Decree implementing the 
Mortgage Legislative Decree. The final version of the Interministerial Decree has not yet been 
published. Therefore, as at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer is not in a position to fully 
predict its impact.

--- Page 66 ---
66 
Therefore, no assurance can be given that the implementation of the Mortgage Legislative Decree 
will not adversely affect the ability of the Guarantor to make payments under the Covered Bond 
Guarantee. 
Risks related to the Guarantor and the Guarantee 
Guarantor only obliged to pay Guaranteed Amounts when they are due for payment 
Following service of a Notice to Pay on the Issuer and the Guarantor, under the terms of the Covered 
Bond Guarantee the Guarantor will only be obliged to pay Guaranteed Amounts as and when the 
same are due for payment on each CB Payment Date, provided that, in the case of any amounts 
representing the Final Redemption Amount due and remaining unpaid as at the original Maturity 
Date, the Guarantor may pay such amounts on any CB Payment Date thereafter, up to (and including) 
the Extended Maturity Date and in the case of Covered Bonds whose principal is payable in 
instalments, the Guarantor may defer such instalments for a period of one year until the relevant 
Extended Instalment Date. Such Guaranteed Amounts will be paid subject to and in accordance with 
the Post-Issuer Event of Default Priority of Payments or the Post-Guarantor Event of Default Priority 
of Payments. In these circumstances the Guarantor will not be obliged to pay any other amounts in 
respect of the Covered Bonds which become payable for any other reason. 
Subject to any grace period, if the Guarantor fails to make a payment when due for payment under 
the Covered Bond Guarantee or any other Guarantor Event of Default occurs, then the Representative 
of the Covered Bondholders will accelerate the obligations of the Guarantor under the Covered Bond 
Guarantee by service of an Acceleration Notice, whereupon the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders will have a claim under the Covered Bond Guarantee for an amount equal to the Early 
Termination Amount of each Covered Bond, together with accrued interest and all other amounts 
then due under the Covered Bonds. Following service of an Acceleration Notice, the amounts due 
from the Guarantor shall be applied by the Representative of the Covered Bondholders in accordance 
with the Post-Guarantor Event of Default Priority of Payments, and Covered Bondholders will 
receive amounts from the Guarantor on an accelerated basis. If an Acceleration Notice is served on 
the Guarantor then the Covered Bonds may be repaid sooner or later than expected or not at all. 
Limited resources available to the Guarantor 
Following the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default and service of a Notice to Pay on the Issuer 
and on the Guarantor, the Guarantor will be under an obligation to pay the Covered Bondholders 
pursuant to the Covered Bond Guarantee. The Guarantor's ability to meet its obligations under the 
Covered Bond Guarantee will depend on (a) the amount of interest and principal generated by the 
Portfolio and/or the Eligible Investments and the timing thereof and (b) amounts received from any 
Covered Bond Swap Counterparty. The Guarantor will not have any other source of funds available 
to meet its obligations under the Covered Bond Guarantee. 
If a Guarantor Event of Default occurs and the Covered Bond Guarantee is enforced, the proceeds of 
enforcement may not be sufficient to meet the claims of all the secured creditors, including the 
Covered Bondholders. If, following enforcement and realisation of the assets in the Cover Pool, 
creditors have not received the full amount due to them pursuant to the terms of the Programme 
Documents, then they may still have an unsecured claim against the Issuer for the shortfall. 
There is no guarantee that the Issuer will have sufficient funds to pay that shortfall. 
Reliance of the Guarantor on third parties

--- Page 67 ---
67 
The Guarantor has entered into agreements with a number of third parties, which have agreed to 
perform services for the Guarantor. In particular, but without limitation, the Servicer has been 
appointed to service Portfolios sold to the Guarantor and the Test Calculation Agent has been 
appointed to calculate and monitor compliance with the Statutory Tests, the Liquidity Buffer Target 
Amount, the Exposure Limit, the Asset Coverage Test, the Amortisation Test and the Minimum OC 
Requirement in accordance with the Cover Pool Management Agreement. In the event that any of 
these parties fails to perform its obligations under the relevant agreement to which it is a party, the 
realisable value of the Cover Pool or any part thereof or pending such realisation (if the Cover Pool 
or any part thereof cannot be sold) the ability of the Guarantor to make payments under the Covered 
Bond Guarantee may be affected. For instance, if the Servicer has failed to administer the Mortgage 
Loans adequately, this may lead to higher incidences of non-payment or default by Debtors. The 
Guarantor is also reliant on the Covered Bond Swap Counterparty to provide it with the funds 
matching its obligations under the Covered Bond Guarantee, as described in the following two 
investment considerations. 
If a Servicer Termination Event occurs pursuant to the terms of the Servicing Agreement, then the 
Guarantor and/or the Representative of the Covered Bondholders will be entitled to terminate the 
appointment of the Servicer and appoint, with the assistance of the Back-Up Servicer Facilitator, a 
Substitute Servicer in its place subject to the notification provided for under Article 7-bis, paragraph 
4, of the Securitisation and Covered Bonds Law, in case of transfer of receivables towards public 
entities. There can be no assurance that a Substitute Servicer with sufficient experience of 
administering mortgages of residential properties would be found who would be willing and able to 
service the Mortgage Loans on the terms of the Servicing Agreement. The ability of Substitute 
Servicer to perform fully the required services would depend, among other things, on the information, 
software and records available at the time of the appointment. Any delay or inability to appoint a 
Substitute Servicer may affect the realisable value of the Cover Pool or any part thereof, and/or the 
ability of the Guarantor to make payments under the Covered Bond Guarantee. 
The Servicer does not have any obligation to advance payments if the Debtors fail to make any 
payments in a timely fashion. Covered Bondholders will have no right to consent to or approve of 
any actions taken by the Servicer under the Servicing Agreement. 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders is not obliged in any circumstances to act as the 
Servicer or to monitor the performance by the Servicer of its obligations. 
Reliance on Covered Bond Swap Counterparty 
To hedge against possible variations in the performance of the indexations in the Portfolio and 
EURIBOR with a certain designated maturity, the Guarantor may enter into one or more Swap 
Agreement with one or more Covered Bond Swap Counterparty.  
If the Guarantor fails to make timely payments of amounts due under any Swap Agreement that may 
be entered into, then it will (unless otherwise stated in the relevant Swap Agreement) have defaulted 
under that Swap Agreement. A Covered Bond Swap Counterparty, unless otherwise stated in the 
relevant Swap Agreement, is only obliged to make payments to the Guarantor as long as the 
Guarantor complies with its payment obligations under the relevant Swap Agreement. 
In circumstances where non-payment by the Guarantor under a Swap Agreement does not result in a 
default under that Swap Agreement, the Covered Bond Swap Counterparty may be obliged to make 
payments to the Guarantor pursuant to the Swap Agreement as if payment had been made by the 
Guarantor. Any amounts not paid by the Guarantor to a Covered Bond Swap Counterparty may in

--- Page 68 ---
68 
such circumstances incur additional amounts of interest by the Guarantor, which would rank senior to 
the amounts due on the Covered Bonds. 
If the Covered Bond Swap Counterparty is not obliged to make payments or if it defaults in its 
obligations to make payments of amounts in the relevant currency equal to the full amount to be paid 
to the Guarantor on the payment date under the Swap Agreement, the Guarantor may be exposed to 
changes in the relevant currency exchange rates to Euro and to any changes in the relevant rates of 
interest. In addition, subject to the then current ratings of the Covered Bonds not being adversely 
affected, the Guarantor may hedge only part of the possible risk and, in such circumstances, may 
have insufficient funds to make payments under the Covered Bonds or the Covered Bond Guarantee. 
If a Swap Agreement terminates, then the Guarantor may be obliged to make a termination payment 
to the relevant Covered Bond Swap Counterparty. There can be no assurance that the Guarantor will 
have sufficient funds available to make such termination payment, nor can there be any assurance 
that the Guarantor will be able to enter into a replacement swap agreement with an adequately rated 
counterparty. In addition the Swap Agreement may provide that notwithstanding the downgrading of 
a Swap Agreement and the failure by such Swap Agreement to take the remedial action set out in the 
relevant Swap Agreement, the Guarantor may not terminate the Swap Agreement until a replacement 
swap provider has been found. There can be no assurance that the Guarantor will be able to enter into 
a replacement swap agreement with a replacement swap counterparty with the required ratings. 
If the Guarantor is obliged to pay a termination payment under any Swap Agreement, such 
termination payment will, following the service of a Notice to Pay, rank pari passu and pro rata with 
amounts due to Covered Bondholders under the Covered Bond Guarantee. 
Following the service of a Notice to Pay, payments by the Guarantor under the Swap Agreement, 
including any termination payment due and payable by the Guarantor except where the relevant 
Covered Bond Swap Counterparty is the Defaulting Party or the Sole Affected Party, will rank pari 
passu and pro rata to amounts due on the Covered Bonds under the Covered Bond Guarantee. 
Accordingly, the obligation to pay a termination payment may adversely affect the ability of the 
Guarantor to meet their respective obligations under the Covered Bonds or the Covered Bond 
Guarantee. 
No gross up on withholding tax 
In respect of payments made by the Guarantor under the Covered Bond Guarantee, to the extent that 
the Guarantor is required by law to withhold or deduct any present or future taxes of any kind 
imposed or levied by or on behalf of the Republic of Italy from such payments, the Guarantor will not 
be under an obligation to pay any additional amounts to Covered Bondholders, irrespective of 
whether such withholding or deduction arises from existing legislation or its application or 
interpretation as at the relevant Issue Date or from changes in such legislation, application or official 
interpretation after the Issue Date. 
Extendible obligations under the Covered Bond Guarantee 
Upon failure by the Issuer to pay the Final Redemption Amount of a Series of Covered Bonds on 
their relevant Maturity Date (subject to applicable grace periods) and if payment of the Guaranteed 
Amounts corresponding to the Final Redemption Amount in respect of such Series of the Covered 
Bonds is not made in full by the Guarantor on or before the Extension Determination Date, then 
payment of such Guaranteed Amounts shall be automatically deferred. This will occur if the Final 
Terms for a relevant Series of Covered Bonds provides that such Covered Bonds are subject to an 
extended maturity date (the "Extended Maturity Date") to which the payment of all or (as

--- Page 69 ---
69 
applicable) part of the Final Redemption Amount payable on the Maturity Date will be deferred in 
the event that the Final Redemption Amount is not paid in full on or before the Extension 
Determination Date. 
To the extent that the Guarantor has received a Notice to Pay in sufficient time and has sufficient 
moneys available to pay in part the Guaranteed Amounts corresponding to the relevant Final 
Redemption Amount in respect of the relevant Series of Covered Bonds, the Guarantor shall make 
partial payment of the relevant Final Redemption Amount in accordance with the Post-Issuer Event 
of Default Priority of Payments and as described in Conditions 7(b) (Extension of maturity) and 10(b) 
(Effect of a Notice to Pay). Payment of all unpaid amounts shall be deferred automatically until the 
applicable Extended Maturity Date provided that any amount representing the Final Redemption 
Amount due and remaining unpaid on the Extension Determination Date may be paid by the 
Guarantor on any CB Payment Date thereafter, up to (and including) the relevant Extended Maturity 
Date. Interest will continue to accrue and be payable on the unpaid amount in accordance with 
Condition 7(b) (Extension of maturity) and the Guarantor will pay Guaranteed Amounts, constituting 
interest due on each CB Payment Date and on the Extended Maturity Date. In these circumstances, 
failure by the Issuer to pay the Covered Bond Instalment Amount on its Covered Bond Instalment 
Date will (subject to any applicable grace period) be an Issuer Event of Default. Failure by the 
Guarantor to pay the deferred Covered Bond Instalment Amount on the related Extended Instalment 
Date will (subject to any applicable grace period) be a Guarantor Event of Default. 
The Issuer shall notify to the Bank of Italy the extension of maturity of the Covered Bonds pursuant 
to Condition 7(b) (Extension of maturity) within 10 (ten) calendar days from the occurrence thereof. 
Similarly, in respect of Covered Bonds that may be redeemed in instalments, if an Extended 
Instalment Date is specified in the Final Terms and both (a) the Issuer on the Covered Bond 
Instalment Date and (b) the Guarantor on the relevant Instalment Extension Determination Date fail 
to pay a Covered Bond Instalment Amount, the requirement to pay such Covered Bond Instalment 
Amount and all subsequently due and payable Covered Bond Instalment Amounts shall be deferred 
by one year until their Extended Instalment Dates. 
Each Covered Bond Instalment Amount may be deferred when due no more than once. At such time, 
each subsequent but not yet due Covered Bond Instalment Amount will also be deferred, so it is 
possible that a Covered Bond Instalment Amount may be deferred more than once but it may never 
be deferred to a date falling after the Extended Maturity Date for the relevant Series. 
Exchange rate risks and exchange controls 
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Covered Bonds in the Specified Currency. This 
presents certain risks relating to currency conversions if an investor’s financial activities are 
denominated principally in a currency or currency unit (the “Investor’s Currency”) other than the 
Specified Currency. These include the risk that exchange rates may significantly change (including 
changes due to devaluation of the Specified Currency or revaluation of the Investor’s Currency) and 
the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the Investor’s Currency may impose or modify 
exchange controls. An appreciation in the value of the Investor’s Currency relative to the Specified 
Currency would decrease (1) the Investor’s Currency-equivalent yield on the Covered Bonds, (2) the 
Investor’s Currency equivalent value of the principal payable on the Covered Bonds and (3) the 
Investor’s Currency equivalent market value of the Covered Bonds. Government and monetary 
authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that could adversely affect 
an applicable exchange rate. As a result, investors may receive less interest or principal than 
expected, or no interest or principal.

--- Page 70 ---
70 
4. Risks related to the market generally 
Limited secondary market 
There is, at present, a secondary market for the Covered Bonds but it is neither active nor liquid, and 
there can be no assurance that an active or liquid secondary market for the Covered Bonds will 
develop. The Covered Bonds have not been, and will not be, offered to any persons or entities in the 
United States of America or registered under any securities laws and are subject to certain restrictions 
on the resale and other transfers thereof as set forth under section entitled "Subscription and Sale". If 
an active or liquid secondary market develops, it may not continue for the life of the Covered Bonds 
or it may not provide Covered Bondholders with liquidity of investment with the result that a 
Covered Bondholder may not be able to find a buyer to buy its Covered Bonds readily or at prices 
that will enable the Covered Bondholder to realise a desired yield. Illiquidity may have a severely 
adverse effect on the market value of Covered Bonds. In addition, Covered Bonds issued under the 
Programme might not be listed on a stock exchange or regulated market and, in these circumstances, 
pricing information may be more difficult to obtain and the liquidity and market prices of such 
Covered Bonds may be adversely affected. In an illiquid market, an investor might not be able to sell 
its Covered Bonds at any time at fair market prices. The possibility to sell the Covered Bonds might 
additionally be restricted by country specific reasons. 
The Covered Bonds may not be a suitable investment for all investors 
Each potential investor in the Covered Bonds must determine the suitability of that investment in 
light of its own circumstances. In particular, each potential investor should: 
(i) 
have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Covered 
Bonds, the merits and risks of investing in the Covered Bonds and the information contained 
or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus or any applicable supplement; 
(ii) 
have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of 
its particular financial situation, an investment in the Covered Bonds and the impact the 
Covered Bonds will have on its overall investment portfolio; 
(iii) 
have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the 
Covered Bonds, including where the currency for principal or interest payments is different 
from the potential investor's currency; 
(iv) 
understand thoroughly the terms of the Covered Bonds and be familiar with the behaviour of 
any relevant indices and financial markets; and 
(v) 
be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for 
economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear 
the applicable risks. 
Some Covered Bonds are complex financial instruments. Sophisticated institutional investors 
generally do not purchase complex financial instruments as stand-alone investments. They purchase 
complex financial instruments as a way to reduce risk or enhance yield with an understood, measured, 
appropriate addition of risk to their overall portfolios. A potential investor should not invest in 
Covered Bonds which are complex financial instruments unless it has the expertise (either alone or 
with a financial adviser) to evaluate how the Covered Bonds will perform under changing conditions, 
the resulting effects on the value of the Covered Bonds and the impact this investment will have on 
the potential investor's overall investment portfolio.

--- Page 71 ---
71 
Legal investment considerations may restrict certain investments 
The investment activities of certain investors are subject to legal investment laws and regulations, or 
review or regulation by certain authorities. Each potential investor should consult its legal advisers to 
determine whether and to what extent (i) Covered Bonds are legal investments for it (ii) Covered 
Bonds can be used as collateral for various types of borrowing and "repurchase" arrangements and (iii) 
other restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of any Covered Bonds. Financial institutions should 
consult their legal advisors or the appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate treatment of 
Covered Bonds under any applicable risk-based capital or similar rules.

--- Page 72 ---
72 
 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME 
This section constitutes an overview of the structure relating to the Programme. The following 
overview does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified in its entirety by, the 
remainder of this Base Prospectus and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any particular 
Tranche of Covered Bonds, the applicable Final Terms. Words and expressions defined elsewhere in 
this Base Prospectus shall have the same meaning in this overview. 
Structure Diagram 
 
 
 
 
Banca Popolare 
dell’Alto Adige 
(Issuer) 
Voba CB S.r.l. 
(Guarantor) 
Covered  
Bondholders 
Asset 
Monitor 
Banca Popolare 
dell’Alto Adige 
(Seller) 
Purchase Price and 
Repayment of 
Subordinated Loan
Transfer of Assets 
and Subordinated 
Loan 
Representative 
of the Covered 
Bondholders 
Covered Bonds (Series)
Proceeds
Guarantee
Oversight

--- Page 73 ---
73 
 
INFORMATION INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
This Base Prospectus should be read and construed in conjunction with the following documents, 
which has been previously published or are published simultaneously with this Base Prospectus and 
which have been or are filed with the CSSF and that shall be incorporated by reference in, and form 
part of, this Base Prospectus: 
(a) 
the English language version of the audited non-consolidated annual financial statements of the 
Issuer as at and for the years ended 31 December 2021, together with the accompanying notes 
and 
auditors' 
report 
(available 
at 
the 
following 
link: 
https://www.volksbank.it/documents/20147/0/Bilancio+Banca+Popolare+VolksBank+03-
22_EN.pdf/cf3ef258-9ccf-2adf-3e91-4ab00f90724c); 
(b) 
the English language version of the audited non-consolidated annual financial statements of the 
Issuer as at and for the years ended 31 December 2022, together with the accompanying notes 
and 
auditors' 
report 
(available 
at 
the 
following 
link: 
https://www.volksbank.it/documents/20147/294152/Financial+report+2022.pdf/d23117b3-
3c9c-6a57-1b30-e5cb8ac191b7); 
(c) 
the English language version of the non-consolidated half-year financial statements of the 
Issuer and the relevant review report as at and for the six months ended on 30 June 2023 
(available 
at 
the 
following 
link: 
https://www.volksbank.it/documents/20147/0/RelazioneFinSem_202306_v11.pdf ); 
(d) 
the English language version of the audited annual financial statements of the Guarantor as at 
and for the year ended 31 December 2022 (available at the following link: 
https://www.volksbank.it/documents/20147/0/VobaCB_Financial_Statements_2022+%282%2
9.pdf/3f7813e3-6292-f5fc-77af-62c2f1613f23);  
(e) 
the English language version of the audited annual financial statements of the Guarantor as at 
and for the year ended 31 December 2021 (available at the following link 
https://www.volksbank.it/documents/20147/0/VobaCB_Financial_Statements_2021.pdf/d47ad
468-d675-222d-466e-f51372c198a3). 
The table below sets out the relevant page references for, inter alia (i) the notes, the balance sheet, 
the income statement and the accounting policies relating to the condensed interim non-consolidated 
financial statements of the Issuer as at and for six months ended 30 June 2023; (ii) the notes, the 
balance sheet, the income statement, the auditor’s report and the accounting policies relating to the 
non-consolidated financial statements of the Issuer for the years ended on and as at 31 December 
2021 and 2022; and (iii) the balance sheet, the income statement, the auditor’s report and the 
accounting policies relating to the audited financial statements of the Guarantor for the years ended 
on and as at 31 December 2021 and 2022. 
The audited non-consolidated financial statements referred to above, together with the audit reports 
thereon, are available both in the original in Italian language and in English language. The English 
language versions represent a direct translation from the Italian language documents. The Issuer and 
the Guarantor are responsible for the English translations of the financial reports incorporated by 
reference in this Base Prospectus as applicable and declare that such is an accurate and not 
misleading translation in all material respects of the Italian language version of the Issuer's and 
Guarantor's financial reports.

--- Page 74 ---
74 
This Base Prospectus and the documents incorporated by reference will also be available on the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange's web site (https://www.luxse.com/).  
Cross-reference List 
The following table shows, inter alia, the information required under Annex 7 of Commission 
Delegated Regulation (EU) No. 980/2019 that can be found in the above-mentioned documents 
incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus. 
Issuer’s Reports and Accounts 
Audited Annual Financial Statements 
 
2022 
2021 
Non-consolidated 
(pdf document page numbers)  
(pdf document page numbers) 
Balance sheet 
115 
125 
Statement of income 
116 
126 
Statement of changes in equity 
118 
128 
Cash flow statement 
119 
129 
Accounting policies and 
explanatory notes 
123 - 161 
133 - 184 
Independent Auditors' report 
105 - 110 
115 - 121 
Unaudited interim condensed financial statement of the Issuer as at and for the six months 
ended on 30 June 2023 
 
30 June 2023 
Non-consolidated 
(pdf document page numbers)  
Balance sheet 
39 
Statement of income 
40 
Statement of changes in equity 
42 
Cash flow statement 
44 
Accounting policies and 
explanatory notes 
45 - 84 
Independent Auditors' report 
113 - 114 
Guarantor’s Reports and Accounts 
Audited annual Financial Statements  
 
2022 
2021 
 
(pdf document page numbers)  
(pdf document page numbers) 
Balance sheet 
2 
2 
Income statement 
3 - 5 
3

--- Page 75 ---
75 
Notes to financial statements 
5 - 26 
5 - 20 
Independent Auditors' report 
27 - 29 
21 - 24 
Pursuant to Article 19(1) of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, the information not listed in the cross-
reference list above are not incorporated by reference and are either not relevant for investors or 
covered elsewhere in this Base Prospectus.  
Any document which is incorporated by reference into any of the documents incorporated in, and 
form part of, the Base Prospectus, shall not constitute a part of the Base Prospectus. For the 
avoidance of doubt, unless specifically incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus, 
information contained on the website does not form part of this Base Prospectus. 
Copies of the documents incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus may be inspected, free of 
charge, at Issuer’s website (https://www.volksbank.it/it/investor-relations). 
SUPPLEMENT TO THE BASE PROSPECTUS 
If at any time the Issuer shall be required to prepare a prospectus supplement pursuant to Article 23 
of the Prospectus Regulation, the Issuer will prepare and make available an appropriate supplement 
to this Base Prospectus which, in respect of any subsequent issue of Covered Bonds to trading on the 
regulated market or on the Professional Segment of the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange, shall constitute a prospectus supplement as required by Article 23 of the Prospectus 
Regulation. 
Without prejudice to its statutory obligations, the Issuer has undertaken, in connection with the 
listing of the Covered Bonds on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, that if there 
shall occur any adverse change in the business or financial position of the Issuer or any change in the 
information set out under “Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds”, that is material in the 
context of issuance of Covered Bonds under the Programme, the Issuer will prepare or procure the 
preparation of a supplement to this Base Prospectus or, as the case may be, publish a new Base 
Prospectus, for use in connection with any subsequent issue by the Issuer of Covered Bonds to be 
admitted to trading on the regulated market or on the Professional Segment of the regulated market 
of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange.

--- Page 76 ---
76 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE COVERED BONDS 
The following is the text of the terms and conditions of the Covered Bonds (the "Conditions" and, each 
of them, a "Condition"). In these Conditions, references to the "holder" of Covered Bonds and to the 
"Covered Bondholders" are to the ultimate owners of the Covered Bonds. The Covered Bonds will be 
held by Monte Titoli (as defined below) on behalf of the Covered Bondholders until redemption and 
cancellation for the account of each relevant Monte Titoli Account Holder. Monte Titoli shall act as 
depository for Clearstream and Euroclear. The Covered Bonds will at all times be in book entry form 
and title to the bonds be evidenced by book entries with Monte Titoli in accordance with (i) the 
provisions of Article 83-bis et seq. of the Financial Law and the relevant implementing regulations and 
(ii) the regulation issued by the Bank of Italy and the Commissione Nazionale per le Società e la Borsa 
on 13 August 2018, as subsequently amended and supplemented. 
The Covered Bondholders are deemed to have notice of and are bound by, and shall have the benefit 
of, inter alia, the terms of the Rules of the Organisation of Covered Bondholders attached to, and 
forming part of, these Conditions. In addition, the applicable Final Terms in relation to any Tranche of 
Covered Bonds may specify issue-specific details not known on the date of approval which shall, to the 
extent so specified or to the extent inconsistent with the Conditions, complete the Conditions for the 
purpose of such Tranche. 
1. 
Introduction 
(a) 
Programme 
Banca Popolare dell’Alto Adige S.p.A. (“BPAA” or the "Issuer") has established a Covered 
Bond Programme (the "Programme") for the issuance of up to Euro 3,000,000,000 in aggregate 
principal amount of European covered bonds (obbligazioni garantite europee) (the "Covered 
Bonds") guaranteed by VOBA CB S.r.l. (the "Guarantor"). Covered Bonds are issued pursuant 
to Law No. 130 of 30 April 1999, as amended and supplemented from time to time (the "Law 
130"), article 129 of the Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 26 June 2013 on prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment firms, 
as amended and supplemented from time to time ("CRR") and the supervisory guidelines of the 
Bank of Italy containing the "Disposizioni di vigilanza per le banche" relating to covered bonds 
(Obbligazioni Bancarie Garantite) set out in Part III, Chapter 3 of the Circolare No. 285 of 17 
December 2013, as replaced, amended and supplemented from time to time (the "BoI 
Regulations"). 
(b) 
Final Terms 
Covered Bonds are issued in series (each a "Series") and each Series may comprise one or more 
tranches (each a "Tranche") of Covered Bonds. Each Tranche is the subject of final terms (the 
"Final Terms") which complete these Conditions. The terms and conditions applicable to any 
particular Tranche of Covered Bonds are these Conditions as completed by the relevant Final 
Terms. In the event of any inconsistency between these Conditions and the relevant Final Terms, 
the relevant Final Terms shall prevail. 
(c) 
Covered Bond Guarantee 
Each Series of Covered Bonds is the subject of a guarantee dated 10 October 2019, as amended 
from time to time (the "Covered Bond Guarantee") entered into by the Guarantor for the 
purpose of guaranteeing the payments due from the Issuer in respect of the Covered Bonds of all 
Series issued under the Programme and to the Other Issuer Creditors. The Covered Bond

--- Page 77 ---
77 
Guarantee will be collateralised by a cover pool constituted by certain assets assigned from time 
to time to the Guarantor pursuant to the Master Transfer Agreement (as defined below) and in 
accordance with the provisions of the Covered Bond Regulations (as defined below). 
(d) 
Programme Agreement and Subscription Agreement 
In respect of each Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds issued under the Programme, the 
Relevant Dealer(s) (as defined below) has or have agreed to subscribe for the Covered Bonds 
and pay the Issuer the issue price specified in the Final Terms for the Covered Bonds on the 
Issue Date under the terms of a programme agreement dated 10 October 2019, as amended and 
restated from time to time (the "Programme Agreement") between the Issuer, the Guarantor, 
the Seller, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders and the dealer(s) named therein (the 
"Dealers"), as supplemented (if applicable) by a subscription agreement entered into between 
the Issuer, the Guarantor and the Relevant Dealer(s) (as defined below) on or around the date of 
the relevant Final Terms (the "Subscription Agreement"). In the Programme Agreement, the 
Dealers have appointed Banca Finanziaria Internazionale S.p.A. as representative of the 
Covered Bondholders (in such capacity, the "Representative of the Covered Bondholders"), 
as described in Condition 12 (Representative of the Covered Bondholders). 
(e) 
Master Definitions Agreement 
In a master definitions agreement dated 10 October 2019, as amended and restated from time to 
time (the "Master Definitions Agreement") between certain of the parties to each of the 
Programme Documents (as defined below), the definitions of certain terms used in the 
Programme Documents have been agreed. 
(f) 
The Covered Bonds 
Except where stated otherwise, all subsequent references in these Conditions to "Covered 
Bonds" are to the Covered Bonds which are the subject of the relevant Final Terms, but all 
references to "each Series of Covered Bonds" are to (i) the Covered Bonds which are the 
subject of the relevant Final Terms and (ii) each other Tranche of Covered Bonds issued under 
the Programme which remains outstanding from time to time. 
(g) 
Rules of the Organisation of the Covered Bondholders 
The Rules of the Organisation of the Covered Bondholders are attached to, and form an integral 
part of, these Conditions. References in these Conditions to the "Rules of the Organisation of 
the Covered Bondholders" include such rules as from time to time modified in accordance 
with the provisions contained therein and any agreement or other document expressed to be 
supplemental thereto. 
(h) 
Summaries 
Certain provisions of these Conditions are summaries of the Programme Documents and are 
subject to their detailed provisions. Covered Bondholders are entitled to the benefit of, are bound 
by and are deemed to have notice of all the provisions of the Programme Documents and the 
Rules of the Organisation of the Covered Bondholders applicable to them. Copies of the 
Programme Documents are available for inspection by the Covered Bondholders during normal 
business hours at the registered office of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders from 
time to time and, where applicable, at the Specified Offices of the Issuer Paying Agent (as 
defined below). 
2. 
Definitions and Interpretation

--- Page 78 ---
78 
(a) 
Definitions 
Unless defined under Condition 1 (Introduction) above, in these Conditions the following 
expressions have the following meanings: 
“Acceleration Notice” means the notice to be delivered by the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders to the Guarantor upon the occurrence of a Guarantor Event of Default. 
"Account Bank" means BNP Paribas, Italian Branch, in its capacity as account bank, or any 
other depositary institution that may be appointed as such pursuant to the Cash Management and 
Agency Agreement. 
"Account Bank Report" means the report to be prepared and delivered by the Account Bank to 
the Guarantor, the Seller, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, the Servicer, the 
Issuer and the Guarantor Calculation Agent, in accordance with the Cash Management and 
Agency Agreement. 
“Account Bank Report Date” means the date falling on the first Business Day of each month. 
"Accounts" means, collectively, the Expense Account, the Collection Account, the Reserve 
Account, the Securities Account, the Guarantor Payments Account, the Collateral Cash Swap 
Account (if any), the Collateral Securities Swap Account (if any), the Liquidity Buffer Account 
(if any), the Liquidity Buffer Securities Account (if any) and any other account opened from 
time to time in connection with the Programme.  
"Additional Business Centre(s)" means the city or cities specified as such in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
"Additional Financial Centre(s)" means the city or cities specified as such in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
"Adjusted Outstanding Principal Balance" has the meaning ascribed to such term in clause 
3.2 (Amortisation Test Aggregate Loan Amount) of the Cover Pool Administration Agreement. 
“Agents” means each of the Account Bank, the Cash Manager, the Guarantor Calculation Agent, 
the Test Calculation Agent, the Issuer Paying Agent, the Guarantor Paying Agent and the 
Corporate Servicer. 
“Amortisation Test” means the test which will be carried out pursuant clause 3 (Amortisation 
Test) of the Cover Pool Administration Agreement in order to ensure, inter alia, that, on each 
Test Calculation Date following the delivery of a Notice to Pay (but prior to the service to the 
Guarantor of an Acceleration Notice), the Amortisation Test Aggregate Loan Amount will be in 
an amount at least equal to the aggregate principal amount of the Covered Bonds as calculated 
on the relevant Test Calculation Date.  
“Amortisation Test Aggregate Loan Amount” has the meaning ascribed to such term in clause 
3.2 (Amortisation Test Aggregate Loan Amount) of the Cover Pool Administration Agreement.  
“Article 74 Event" means, in respect of the Issuer, the issue of a resolution pursuant to Article 
74 of the Banking Law. 
"Article 74 Event Cure Notice" means the notice to be served by the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders to the Issuer, the Guarantor and the Asset Monitor informing that an 
Article 74 Event has been revoked.

--- Page 79 ---
79 
“Asset Coverage Test” has the meaning ascribed to such term in clause 2.2.4 (Asset Coverage 
Test) of the Cover Pool Administration Agreement. 
“Asset Monitor” means BDO Italia S.p.A., acting in its capacity as asset monitor, or any other 
entity that may be appointed as such pursuant to the Asset Monitor Agreement, as amended and 
restated from time to time. 
“Asset Monitor Agreement” means the asset monitor agreement entered into on or about the 
Initial Issue Date between, inter alios, the Asset Monitor and the Issuer, as amended and restated 
from time to time. 
“Available Funds” means, collectively, (a) the Interest Available Funds, (b) the Principal 
Available Funds and (c) the Excess Proceeds provided that the Available Funds do not include 
the Swap Collateral. 
“Banking Law” means Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993, as amended and 
supplemented from time to time. 
"Bankruptcy Law" means Royal Decree No. 267 of 16 March 1942 as amended from time to 
time. 
“Base Interest” means the interest payable by the Guarantor to the Subordinated Loan Provider 
in accordance with the Subordinated Loan Agreement. 
"Base Prospectus" or “Prospectus” means the base prospectus prepared in connection with the 
issue of the Covered Bonds and the establishment and any update of the Programme, as 
supplemented from time to time. 
"Beneficiaries" means the Covered Bondholders and the Other Issuer's Creditors as 
beneficiaries of the Covered Bond Guarantee. 
"BoI Regulations" means the supervisory guidelines of the Bank of Italy containing the 
"Disposizioni di vigilanza per le banche" relating to covered bonds (Obbligazioni Bancarie 
Garantite) set out in Part III, Chapter 3 of the Circolare No. 285 of 17 December 2013, as 
replaced, amended and supplemented from time to time. 
“BPAA Group” means jointly the banks and the other companies belonging from time to time 
to the Banca Popolare dell’Alto Adige S.p.A. banking group registered with the Bank of Italy 
pursuant to Article 64 of the Banking Law. 
“Business Day” means any day on which the real time gross settlement system operated by the 
Eurosystem (T2) (or any successor thereto) is open. 
“Business Day Convention”, in relation to any particular date, has the meaning given in the 
relevant Final Terms and, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, may have different 
meanings in relation to different dates and, in this context, the following expressions shall have 
the following meanings: 
(i) 
"Following Business Day Convention" means that the Relevant Date shall be postponed 
to the first following day that is a Business Day; 
(ii) 
"Modified Following Business Day Convention" or "Modified Business Day 
Convention" means that the Relevant Date shall be postponed to the first following day 
that is a Business Day unless that day falls in the next calendar month in which case that 
date will be the first preceding day that is a Business Day;

--- Page 80 ---
80 
(iii) "Preceding Business Day Convention" means that the Relevant Date shall be brought 
back to the first preceding day that is a Business Day; 
(iv) 
"FRN Convention", "Floating Rate Convention" or "Eurodollar Convention" means 
that each Relevant Date shall be the date which numerically corresponds to the preceding 
such date in the calendar month which is the number of months specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as the Specified Period after the calendar month in which the preceding such 
date occurred provided, however, that: 
(a) if there is no such numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which 
any such date should occur, then such date will be the last day which is a Business 
Day in that calendar month; 
 
(b) if any such date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, then 
such date will be the first following day which is a Business Day unless that day 
falls in the next calendar month, in which case it will be the first preceding day 
which is a Business Day; and 
 
(c) if the preceding such date occurred on the last day in a calendar month which was a 
Business Day, then all subsequent such dates will be the last day which is a Business 
Day in the calendar month which is the specified number of months after the 
calendar month in which the preceding such date occurred; and 
(v) 
"No Adjustment" means that the Relevant Date shall not be adjusted in accordance with 
any Business Day Convention; 
"Calculation Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Calculation Period” means each Collection Period and, after the delivery of a Test 
Performance Report assessing that a breach of Test or the Liquidity Buffer Target Amount or the 
Minimum OC Requirement has occurred, each period beginning on (and including) the first day 
of the month and ending on (and including) the last day of the same calendar month until such 
time the relevant breach of Test or the Liquidity Buffer Target Amount or the Minimum OC 
Requirement has been cured or otherwise remedied in accordance with the Cover Pool 
Administration Agreement. 
"Cash, Management and Agency Agreement" means the cash, management and agency 
agreement, entered into on 10 October 2019 between, inter alios, the Guarantor, the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders, the Issuer Paying Agent, the Cash Manager, the 
Guarantor Paying Agent, the Guarantor Calculation Agent, the Test Calculation Agent and the 
Account Bank, as amended and restated from time to time. 
“Cash Manager” means Banca Popolare dell’Alto Adige S.p.A., acting as cash manager 
pursuant to the Cash Management and Agency Agreement. 
“CB Interest Period” means each period beginning on (and including) a CB Payment Date (or, 
in case of the first CB Interest Period, the Interest Commencement Date) and ending on (but 
excluding) the next CB Payment Date (or, in case of the last CB Interest Period, the Maturity 
Date).  
"CB Payment Date" means any date or dates specified as such in, or determined in accordance 
with the provisions of, the relevant Final Terms and, if a Business Day Convention is specified 
in the relevant Final Terms:

--- Page 81 ---
81 
(i) 
as the same may be adjusted in accordance with the relevant Business Day 
Convention; or 
(ii) 
if the Business Day Convention is the FRN Convention, Floating Rate 
Convention or Eurodollar Convention and an interval of a number of calendar months 
is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being the Specified Period, each of such 
dates as may occur in accordance with the FRN Convention, Floating Rate Convention 
or Eurodollar Convention at such Specified Period of calendar months following the 
Interest Commencement Date (in the case of the first CB Payment Date) or the 
previous CB Payment Date (in any other case). 
"Civil Code" means the Italian civil code, enacted by Royal Decree No. 262 of 16 March 1942. 
"Clearstream" means Clearstream Banking, société anonyme, Luxembourg. 
"Collateral Security" means any security (including any loan mortgage insurance and excluding 
Mortgages) granted to the Seller by any Debtor in order to guarantee or secure the payment 
and/or repayment of any amounts due under the relevant Mortgage Loan Agreement or under the 
Relevant Public Entity Securities Documents. 
"Collection Account" means the Euro denominated account established in the name of the 
Guarantor with the Account Bank, IBAN IT 71 P 03479 01600 000802318400, or such other 
substitute account as may be opened in accordance with the Cash, Management and Agency 
Agreement. 
“Collection Date" means the last calendar day of March, June, September and December of each 
year. 
“Collection Period” means each period from (but excluding) a Collection Date to (and 
including) the following Collection Date or, in respect of the first Collection Period, the period 
from (and including) the Valuation Date of the transfer of the Initial Portfolio to (and including) 
the Collection Date of December 2019. 
"Collections" means all amounts received or recovered by the Servicer in respect of the 
Receivables and/or the Public Entity Securities comprised in the Cover Pool. 
“Commission Delegated Regulation No. 979/2019” means the Commission Delegated 
Regulation (UE) No. 979/2019 of 14 March 2019, implementing the Prospectus Regulation, as 
supplemented and amended from time to time. 
“Commission Delegated Regulation No. 980/2019” means the Commission Delegated 
Regulation (UE) No. 980/2019 of 14 March 2019, implementing the Prospectus Regulation, as 
supplemented and amended from time to time. 
“Conditions” means this terms and conditions of the Covered Bonds and "Condition" means a 
clause of them. 
“CONSOB” means Commissione Nazionale per le Società e la Borsa. 
“Corporate Servicer” means Banca Finanziaria Internazionale S.p.A., acting in its capacity as 
corporate servicer of the Guarantor pursuant to the Corporate Services Agreement.  
“Corporate Services Agreement means the corporate services agreement entered into on 10 
October 2019, between the Guarantor and the Corporate Servicer, pursuant to which the 
Corporate Servicer will provide certain administration services to the Guarantor, as amended and 
restated from time to time.

--- Page 82 ---
82 
“Cover Pool” means the cover pool constituted by, collectively, any Eligible Assets, Integration 
Assets and Liquid Assets held by the Guarantor in accordance with the provisions of the Law 
130, as amended from time to time, and the BoI Regulations and the Article 129 of the CRR. 
“Cover Pool Administration Agreement” means the cover pool administration agreement 
entered into on 10 October 2019 between, inter alios, the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Seller, the 
Guarantor Calculation Agent, the Test Calculation Agent, the Asset Monitor and the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders, as amended and restated from time to time. 
“Covered Bonds” means any and all the covered bonds (obbligazioni bancarie garantite) 
issued or to be issued by the Issuer pursuant to the terms and subject to the conditions of the 
Programme Agreement. 
“Covered Bond Guarantee” means the guarantee issued by the Guarantor for the purpose of 
guaranteeing the payments due by the Issuer to the Covered Bondholders and the Other Issuer’s 
Creditors, in accordance with the provisions of the Law 130, as amended from time to time, and 
the BoI Regulations.  
"Covered Bond Instalment Date" means a date on which a principal instalment is due on a 
Series of Covered Bonds as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Covered Bond Regulations” means Law 130, the MEF Decree (until the Implementation 
Date), the BoI Regulations and Article 129 of CRR and any other applicable provision of CRR, 
as amended from time to time; 
“Covered Bond Swap Counterparty” means any institution which agrees to act as covered 
bond swap counterparty to the Guarantor under any Swap Agreement or other hedging 
agreements, if any, aimed at hedging certain interest rate risks and/or, if applicable, currency 
exposures in relation to the Guarantor’s obligations under the Covered Bonds, that may be 
entered into between the Guarantor and the relevant Covered Bond Swap Counterparty. 
"Covered Bondholders" means the holders from time to time of Covered Bonds, title to which 
is evidenced in the manner described in Condition 3 (Form, Denomination and Title). 
"Credit and Collection Policy" means the procedures for the management, collection and 
recovery of the Receivables attached as Schedule 1 (Procedure di Riscossione) to the Servicing 
Agreement. 
“CRR” means Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 
26 June 2013 on prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment firms, as 
amended and supplemented from time to time. 
“Day Count Fraction” means, in respect of the calculation of an amount for any period of time 
(the “Relevant Period”), such day count fraction as may be specified in these Conditions or the 
relevant Final Terms and: 
(i) 
if "Actual/Actual (ICMA)" is so specified, means: 
A. where the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Regular Period during 
which it falls, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by the 
product of (1) the actual number of days in such Regular Period and (2) the 
number of Regular Periods in any year; and 
B. where the Calculation Period is longer than one Regular Period, the sum of:

--- Page 83 ---
83 
1. the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the Regular Period in 
which it begins divided by the product of (a) the actual number of days in such 
Regular Period and (b) the number of Regular Periods in any year; and 
2. the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next Regular Period 
divided by the product of (a) the actual number of days in such Regular Period and (b) 
the number of Regular Periods in any year; 
(ii) 
if "Actual/Actual (ISDA)" is so specified, means the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of the Calculation Period falls in 
a leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation 
Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of days in that 
portion of the Calculation Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(iii) 
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is so specified, means the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 365; 
(iv) 
if "Actual/360" is so specified, means the actual number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 360; 
(v) 
if "30/360" is so specified, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 
360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
 
 
 
where:  
"Y1" 
is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"Y2" 
is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day 
immediately following the last day included in the Calculation 
Period falls; 
"M1" 
is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first 
day of the Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" 
is the calendar month, expressed as number, in which the day 
immediately following the last day included in the Calculation 
Period falls; 
"D1" 
is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the 
Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which 
case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" 
is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period, unless 
such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in which 
case D2 will be 30; 
(vi) 
if "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is so specified, the number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows:

--- Page 84 ---
84 
 
 
where: 
"Y1" 
is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"Y2" 
is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day 
immediately following the last day included in the Calculation 
Period falls; 
"M1" 
is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first 
day of the Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" 
is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day 
immediately following the last day included in the Calculation 
Period falls; 
"D1" 
is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the 
Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which 
case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" 
is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period, unless 
such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30; and 
(vii) 
if "30E/360 (ISDA)" is so specified, the number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
 
 
where: 
"Y1" 
is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"Y2" 
is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day 
immediately following the last day included in the Calculation 
Period falls; 
"M1" 
is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first 
day of the Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" 
is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day 
immediately following the last day included in the Calculation 
Period falls; 
"D1" 
is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the 
Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February 
or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; 
and

--- Page 85 ---
85 
"D2" 
is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period, unless 
(i) that day is the last day of February but not the Maturity Date 
or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30, 
provided, however, that in each such case the number of days in the Calculation Period is 
calculated from and including the first day of the Calculation Period to but excluding the last 
day of the Calculation Period. 
"Dealer(s)" means Unicredit Bank AG and Erste Group Bank AG and any other entity which 
may be nominated as such by the Issuer upon execution of a letter in the terms or substantially in 
the terms set out in schedule 6 (Form of Dealer Accession Letter) to the Programme Agreement. 
"Debtor" means (i) in relation to the Receivables, any borrower and any other person, other than 
a Mortgagor, who entered into a Mortgage Loan Agreement as principal debtor or guarantor or 
who is liable for the payment or repayment of amounts due in respect of a Mortgage Loan, as a 
consequence, inter alia, of having granted any Collateral Security or having assumed the 
borrower's obligation pursuant to a Mortgage Loan Agreement under an accollo, or otherwise 
and (ii) in relation to the Public Entity Securities, any entity, also different from the issuer of the 
Public Entity Security, who is liable for the payment of amounts due, as principal and interest, in 
respect of the Public Entity Security. 
“Decree 190” (Decreto 190) means the Italian Legislative Decree No. 190 of 5 November 2021, 
transposing Directive (EU) No. 2162/2019 into Italian law. 
"Decree No. 239" means Italian Legislative Decree number 239 of 1 April 1996; 
"Deed of Charge" means the English law deed of charge entered into between the Guarantor 
and the Representative of the Covered Bondholders (acting on behalf of the Covered 
Bondholders and the Other Creditors) in order to charge the rights arising under the Swap 
Agreements, as amended and restated from time to time.  
“Deed of Pledge” means the Italian law deed of pledge entered into on 10 October 2019 
between, inter alios, the Guarantor and the Representative of the Covered Bondholders (acting 
on behalf of the Covered Bondholders and of the Other Creditors), as amended and restated 
and/or extended from time to time. 
“Defaulted Receivable” means a Receivable arising from a Mortgage Loan Agreement included 
in the Cover Pool which has been for at least 180 consecutive days In Arrears, or which has been 
classified as a credito in sofferenza pursuant to the Servicing Agreement. 
“Defaulting Party” has the meaning ascribed to that term in the relevant Swap Agreement. 
“Delinquent Receivable” means any Receivable arising from Mortgage Loan Agreements 
included in the Cover Pool in respect of which there are 1 (one) or more Instalments due and not 
paid by the relevant Debtor for more than 30 days and which has not been classified as 
Defaulted Receivable.  
“Determination Date” has the meaning given to it in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Earliest Maturing Covered Bonds” means, at any time, the Series of Covered Bonds that has 
or have the earliest Maturity Date (if the relevant Series of Covered Bonds is not subject to an 
Extended Maturity Date) or Extended Maturity Date (if the relevant Series of Covered Bonds is 
subject to an Extended Maturity Date) as specified in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 86 ---
86 
“Early Redemption Amount (Tax)” means, in respect of any Series of Covered Bonds, the 
principal amount of such Series or such other amount as may be specified in, or determined in 
accordance with, these Conditions. 
“Early Termination Amount” means, in respect of any Series of Covered Bonds, the principal 
amount of such Series or such other amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance 
with, these Conditions or the relevant Final Terms. 
“Eligible Assets” means the Mortgage Loans. 
“Eligible Deposits” means deposits held with banks having their registered office in Eligible 
States and qualify as Eligible Institution. 
“Eligible Institution” means any bank organised under the laws of any country which is a 
member of the European Union or of the United States (to the extent that United States are a 
country for which a 0% risk weight is applicable in accordance with the Bank of Italy’s 
prudential regulations for banks – standardised approach), (i) whose short-term unsecured, 
unsubordinated and unguaranteed debt obligations are rated at least "F1" by Fitch or (ii) whose 
long-term unsecured, unsubordinated and unguaranteed debt obligations are rated at least “A" by 
Fitch or in case of Account Bank the Deposit Rating (if any) is least “A" by Fitch or any other 
lower rating that do not affect the current rating of the outstanding Covered Bonds, provided 
however that any such bank qualifies for the “credit quality step 1” or the “credit quality step 2” 
pursuant to article 129, let. (c) of the CRR unless (a) it is an entity in the European Union and 
(b) the exposure vis-à-vis such bank have a maturity not exceeding 100 (one-hundred) days, in 
which case it may qualify for the “credit quality step 3” pursuant to Article 129, let. (c) of the 
CRR. 
"Eligible Investment" means any senior (unsubordinated) debt securities or other debt 
instruments (including without limitation, commercial paper, certificate of deposits and bonds) 
which: 
a) 
are denominated in Euro; 
b) 
have a maturity not exceeding the next following Liquidation Date or which are 
repayable on demand at par together with accrued and unpaid interest, without penalty; 
c) 
(except in case of deposits) are in the form of bonds, notes, commercial papers or other 
financial instruments (i) rated at least A and/or F1 by Fitch, or in  the absence of a Fitch 
rating, rated at least at the level equivalent to Fitch’s ‘AA-’ or ‘F1+’ by at least one other 
internationally recognised and regulatory approved rating agency, if the relevant 
maturity is up to the earlier of the next Liquidation Date and 30 calendar days, or (ii) 
rated AA- and/or F1+ by Fitch, if the relevant maturity is up to mature the earlier of the 
next Liquidation Date and 365 calendar days; or in the case of a deposits, to the extent 
that such deposit are held by (i) an Eligible Institution at its branch located in the 
Republic of Italy or in the United Kingdom if the relevant maturity is up to the earlier of 
the next Liquidation Date and 30 calendar days or (ii) any depository institution located 
in the Republic of Italy or in the United Kingdom rated AA- and/or F1+ by Fitch, if the 
relevant maturity is up to mature the earlier of the next Liquidation Date and 365 
calendar days, provided that (i) such Eligible Investment shall not prejudice the rating 
assigned to each Series of Covered Bond and shall provide a fixed principal amount at 
maturity (such amount not being lower than the initially invested amount), (ii) in any 
event such debt securities or other debt instruments do not consist, in whole or in part,

--- Page 87 ---
87 
actually or potentially of credit-linked notes or similar claims nor may any amount 
available to the Guarantor in the context of the Programme otherwise be invested in 
asset-backed securities, irrespective of their subordination, status, or ranking at any time, 
and (iii) the relevant exposure qualifies for the “credit quality step 1” or “credit quality 
step 2” pursuant to article 129, let. (c) of the CRR or, in case of exposure vis-à-vis an 
entity in the European Union which has a maturity not exceeding 100 (one-hundred) 
days, it may qualify for “credit quality step 3” pursuant to Article 129, let. (c) of the 
CRR.  
“Eligible States” means any States belonging to the European Economic Space, Switzerland and 
any other State attracting a zero per cent. risk weight factor under the “Standardised Approach” 
provided for by Directive 2006/48/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 
2006 relating to the taking up and pursuit of the business of credit institutions. 
“EURIBOR” means the Euro-Zone Inter-Bank offered rate for Euro deposits, as determined 
from time to time pursuant to the Programme Documents. 
“Euro”, “€” and “EUR” refer to the single currency of member states of the European Union 
which adopt the single currency introduced in accordance with the treaty establishing the 
European Community. 
“Euroclear” means Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V.. 
“Euro Equivalent” has the meaning ascribed to such term in clause 1.2 (Other Definitions) of 
the Cover Pool Administration Agreement. 
“European Economic Area” means the region comprised of member states of the European 
Union which adopt the Euro in accordance with the Treaty. 
“Excess Proceeds” means the amounts received by the Guarantor as a result of any enforcement 
taken vis-à-vis the Issuer in accordance with Article 7-quaterdecies of Law 130. 
“Excluded Swap Termination Amount” means any termination payment due and payable by 
the Guarantor to a Covered Bond Swap Counterparty, where the Covered Bond Swap 
Counterparty is the Defaulting Party or the sole Affected Party pursuant to the relevant Swap 
Agreement. 
“Expense Required Amount” means Euro 40,000.00. 
"Expenses" means any documented fees, costs, expenses and taxes required to be paid to any 
third party creditors (other than the Covered Bondholders, the Other Issuer’s Creditors and the 
Other Creditors) arising in connection with the Programme, and required to be paid (as 
determined in accordance with the Corporate Services Agreement) in order to preserve the 
existence of the Guarantor or to comply with applicable laws and legislation. 
"Expenses Account" means the Euro denominated account established in the name of the 
Guarantor with the Account Bank, IBAN IT 48 Q 03479 01600 000802318401, or such other 
substitute account as may be opened in accordance with the Cash, Management and Agency 
Agreement. 
"Expiry Date" means the date falling 1 (one) year and 1 (one) day after the date on which all 
Series of Covered Bonds issued in the context of the Programme have been cancelled or 
redeemed in full in accordance with their terms and conditions.

--- Page 88 ---
88 
"Exposure Limit" means the limits provided under Article 129, paragraph 1a (1-bis), let. (a), 
(b), (c) e (d) of CRR, provided that pursuant to Article 129, paragraph 3a (3-bis) of CRR, such 
limits shall not apply to “cessioni di ripristino” pursuant to the Master Loans Purchase 
Agreement for purposes of complying with the Nominal Value Test. 
"Extended Instalment Date" means the date on which a principal instalment in relation to a 
Series of Covered Bonds becomes due and payable pursuant to the extension of the relevant 
Covered Bond Instalment Date as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Extended Maturity Date" means the date on which final redemption payments in relation to a 
specific Series of Covered Bonds becomes due and payable pursuant to the extension of the 
relevant Maturity Date in accordance with the relevant Final Terms. 
"Extension Determination Date" means the date falling 7 Business Days after the expiry of the 
Maturity Date of the relevant Tranche or Series of Covered Bonds. 
"Extraordinary Resolution" has the meaning ascribed to such term in the Rules of 
Organisation of the Covered Bondholders attached to these Conditions. 
“Final Redemption Amount” means, in respect of any Series of Covered Bonds, the principal 
amount of such Series or such other amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance 
with, the relevant Final Terms. 
"Final Terms" means, in relation to any issue of any Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds, the 
relevant terms contained in the applicable Programme Documents and, in case of any Series of 
Covered Bonds to be admitted to listing, the final terms submitted to the appropriate listing 
authority on or before the Issue Date of the applicable Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds. 
“Financial Law” means Legislative Decree number 58 of 24 February 1998 as amended from 
time to time. 
“First CB Payment Date” means the date specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Fixed Coupon Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Fitch" means Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited Sede Secondaria Italiana.  
“GDPR” means Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 
April 2016 on the protection of natural persons with regard to the processing of personal data 
and on the free movement of such data, and repealing Directive 95/46/EC.  
“Guaranteed Amounts” means the amounts due from time to time from the Issuer to (i) the 
Covered Bondholders with respect to each Series of Covered Bonds (excluding any additional 
amounts payable to the Covered Bondholders under Condition 9(a) (Gross-up by the Issuer)) 
and (ii) the Other Issuer Creditors pursuant to the relevant Programme Documents. 
“Guaranteed Obligations” means the Issuer's payments obligations with respect to the 
Guaranteed Amounts. 
“Guarantor" means VOBA CB S.r.l., acting in its capacity as guarantor pursuant to the Covered 
Bond Guarantee. 
“Guarantor Calculation Agent” means Banca Finanziaria Internazionale S.p.A. acting as 
guarantor calculation agent, or any such other entity as may be appointed pursuant to the Cash, 
Management and Agency Agreement;

--- Page 89 ---
89 
“Guarantor Calculation Date” means both prior to and after the delivery of an Acceleration 
Notice, the date falling on the fourth Business Day immediately preceding each Guarantor 
Payment Date. 
“Guarantor Event of Default” has the meaning given to it in Condition 10(d) (Guarantor 
Events of Default).  
"Guarantor Paying Agent" means BNP Paribas, Italian Branch, acting in its capacity as 
guarantor paying agent, or any such other institution as may be appointed pursuant to the Cash 
Management and Agency Agreement. 
“Guarantor Payment Date” means (a) prior to the delivery of an Acceleration Notice, the 27th 
day of each month of January, April, July and October, or if that day is not a Business Day, the 
immediately following Business Day; the first Guarantor Payment Date will fall in January 
2020; and (b) following the delivery of an Acceleration Notice, any day on which any payment 
is required to be made by the Representative of the Covered Bondholders in accordance with the 
Post-Guarantor Event of Default Priority of Payments, the relevant Final Terms and the 
Intercreditor Agreement. 
“Guarantor Payment Period” means any period commencing on (and including) a Guarantor 
Payment Date and ending on (but excluding) the immediately following Guarantor Payment 
Date. 
“Guarantor Payments Account” means the Euro denominated account established in the name 
of the Guarantor and held with the Account Bank, IBAN IT 02 S 03479 01600 000802318403 or 
such other substitute account as may be opened in accordance with the Cash Management and 
Agency Agreement. 
"Implementation Date" means 31 March 2023, it being the date into which the Implementing 
Provisions issued by the Bank of Italy entered into force. 
"Implementing Provisions" means the implementing provisions amending the Bank of Italy 
Regulations issued by the Bank of Italy pursuant to Law 130. 
“In Arrears” means, in respect of any Mortgage Loans, any amount which has become due and 
payable by the relevant obligor or guarantor but has remained unpaid for more than five 
consecutive Business Days. 
“Initial Issue Date” means the date on which the Issuer issued the first Series of Covered 
Bonds. 
“Initial Portfolio” means the portfolio of Initial Receivables purchased by the Guarantor from 
the Seller pursuant to the Master Transfer Agreement. 
“Initial Receivables” means the initial Receivables comprising certain Eligible Assets included 
in the Initial Portfolio. 
"Insolvency Event" means in respect of any company, entity, or corporation that: 
(i) 
such company, entity or corporation has become subject to any applicable bankruptcy, 
liquidation, administration, insolvency, insolvency-like proceedings, composition with 
creditors, insolvent reorganization, turnaround/insolvency tools (strumenti di regolazione 
della crisi e dell’insolvenza) or negotiated settlement procedure (including, without 
limitation, “liquidazione giudiziale”, "liquidazione coatta amministrativa", “piani di 
risanamento”, “accordi di ristrutturazione del debito”, “piano di ristrutturazione soggetto

--- Page 90 ---
90 
ad omologazione”, “composizione negoziata della crisi”, and “concordato semplificato” 
and (other than in respect of the Issuer) "amministrazione straordinaria", each such 
expression bearing the meaning ascribed to it by the laws of the Republic of Italy, and 
including the seeking of liquidation, division, winding-up, reorganisation, dissolution, 
administration) or similar proceedings or the whole or any substantial part of the 
undertaking or assets of such company, entity or corporation are subject to a 
pignoramento or any procedure having a similar effect (other than in the case of the 
Guarantor, any portfolio of assets purchased by the Guarantor for the purposes of further 
programme of issuance of Covered Bonds), unless in the opinion of the Representative of 
the Covered Bondholders (who may in this respect rely on the advice of a legal adviser 
selected by it), such proceedings are being disputed in good faith with a reasonable 
prospect of success; or 
(ii) 
an application for the commencement of any of the proceedings under (i) above is made in 
respect of or by such company or corporation or such proceedings are otherwise initiated 
against such company, entity or corporation and, in the opinion of the Representative of 
the Covered Bondholders (who may in this respect rely on the advice of a legal adviser 
selected by it), the commencement of such proceedings are not being disputed in good 
faith with a reasonable prospect of success; or 
(iii) 
such company, entity or corporation takes any action for a re-adjustment or deferment of 
any of its obligations or makes a general assignment or an arrangement or composition 
with or for the benefit of its creditors (other than, in case of the Guarantor, the creditors 
under the Programme Documents) or is granted by a competent court a moratorium in 
respect of any of its indebtedness or any guarantee of any indebtedness given by it or 
applies for suspension of payments (other than, in respect of the Issuer, the issuance of a 
resolution pursuant to Article 74 of the Banking Law); or 
(iv) 
an order is made or an effective resolution is passed for the winding-up, liquidation or 
dissolution in any form of such company, entity or corporation or any of the events under 
article 2448 of the Italian Civil Code occurs with respect to such company, entity or 
corporation (except in any such case a winding-up or other proceeding for the purposes of 
or pursuant to a solvent amalgamation or reconstruction, the terms of which have been 
previously approved in writing by the Representative of the Covered Bondholders); or 
(v) 
such company, entity or corporation becomes subject to any proceedings equivalent or 
analogous to those above under the law of any jurisdiction in which such company or 
corporation is deemed to carry on business. 
“Insolvency Official” means the official receiver appointed in the context of any insolvency 
procedure which may be opened following the occurrence of an Insolvency Event. 
“Instalment” means with respect to each Mortgage Loan Agreement, each instalment due from 
the relevant Debtor thereunder and which consists of an Interest Instalment and a Principal 
Instalment. 
"Instalment Amount" means the principal amount of a Series of Covered Bonds to be redeemed 
on a Covered Bond Instalment Date as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Instalment Extension Determination Date" means, with respect to any Covered Bond 
Instalment Date, the date falling 2 Business Days after the expiry of seven days from (and 
including) such Covered Bond Instalment Date;

--- Page 91 ---
91 
“Insurance Companies” means the companies with whom the Insurance Policies are held. 
“Insurance Policies” means the insurance policies taken out with the Insurance Companies in 
relation to each Real Estate Asset and each Mortgage Loan. 
"Integration Assets" means: 
(i) 
Eligible Deposits;  
(ii) 
securities issued by banks residing in Eligible States (as defined below) with residual 
maturity not longer than one year, in each case, meeting the requirements set out in the 
definition of Eligible Investments; and 
(iii) 
the Public Entity Securities, 
provided that the assets referred to in items (i), (ii) and (iii) above are qualified as eligible assets 
pursuant to Article 7-novies of Law 130. 
“Intercreditor Agreement” means the intercreditor agreement entered into, on or about the 
Initial Issue Date between the Guarantor and the Other Creditors, as amended and restated from 
time to time. 
“Interest Amount” means, in relation to any Series of Covered Bonds and an CB Interest 
Period, the amount of interest payable in respect of that Series for that CB Interest Period. 
“Interest Available Funds” means, on each Guarantor Payment Date, the aggregate of: 
a) 
any interest collected by the Servicer in respect of the Cover Pool and credited into the 
Collection Account during the Collection Period preceding the relevant Guarantor 
Payment Date;  
b) 
all interest deriving from the Eligible Investments made with reference to the 
immediately preceding Collection Period; 
c) 
all recoveries in the nature of interest and penalties received by the Servicer and credited 
to the Collection Account during the Collection Period preceding the relevant Guarantor 
Payment Date;  
d) 
all amounts of interest accrued (net of any withholding or expenses, if due) and paid on 
the Accounts during the Collection Period preceding the relevant Guarantor Payment 
Date;  
e) 
any amounts other than in respect of principal received under the Swap Agreements 
(other than any Swap Collateral); 
f) any swap termination payments received from a Covered Bond Swap Counterparty under a 
Swap Agreement, provided that, prior to the occurrence of a Guarantor Event of Default, 
such amounts will first be used to pay a Replacement Covered Bond Swap Counterparty 
to enter into a Replacement Swap Agreement, unless a Replacement Swap Agreement 
has already been entered into by or on behalf of the Guarantor;  
g) 
prior to the service of a Notice to Pay on the Guarantor amounts standing to the credit of 
the Reserve Account in excess of the Required Reserve Amount and following the 
service of a Notice to Pay on the Guarantor, any amounts standing to the credit of the 
Reserve Account;

--- Page 92 ---
92 
h) 
any amounts (other than the amounts already allocated under other items of the Interest 
Available Funds or Principal Available Funds) received by the Guarantor from any party 
to the Transaction Documents during the immediately preceding Collection Period; 
i) the interest amount recovered by the Guarantor from the Issuer after the enforcement of the 
Covered Bond Guarantee during the immediately preceding Collection Period. 
“Interest Commencement Date” means in relation to any Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds, 
the Issue Date of such Covered Bonds or such other date as may be specified as the Interest 
Commencement Date in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Interest Coverage Test” has the meaning ascribed to such term in clause 2.2.3 (Interest 
Coverage Test) of the Cover Pool Administration Agreement. 
“Interest Determination Date” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms.  
"Interest Instalment" means the interest component of each Instalment. 
“Investor Report Date” means 2 Business Days after each Guarantor Payment Date. 
“Investors Report” means the report to be prepared and delivered by the Guarantor Calculation 
Agent on or prior to the Investors Report Date, to the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Seller, the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders, the Rating Agency, the Servicer, the Guarantor 
Paying Agent and the Issuer Paying Agent, setting out certain information with respect to the 
Covered Bond and the Cover Pool. 
“ISDA Definitions” means the 2006 ISDA Definitions, as amended and updated as at the date 
of issue of the first Tranche of the Covered Bonds of the relevant Series (as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms) as published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc.. 
"Issue Date" has the meaning ascribed to such term, with respect to each Series of Covered 
Bonds, in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Issuer” means Banca Popolare dell’Alto Adige S.p.A., acting in its capacity as issuer pursuant 
to the Programme Agreement. 
"Issuer Downgrading Event" means the Issuer being downgraded below “BBB”or “F2”by the 
Rating Agency. 
"Issuer Event of Default" has the meaning given to it in Condition 10(a) (Issuer Events of 
Default). 
“Issuer’s Investor Report” means the investor report provided by the Test Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the Cash Management and Agency Agreement. 
“Issuer’s Investor Report Date” means the date which falls six Business Days prior to the 
Guarantor Payment Date falling in January and July of each year, it being understood that the 
first Issuer’s Investors Report Date will be on 20 January 2020. 
"Issuer Paying Agent" means BPAA, acting in its capacity as issuer paying agent, or any such 
other institution as may be appointed pursuant to the Cash Management and Agency Agreement.  
"Joint Arrangers" means Unicredit Bank AG and Banca Finanziaria Internazionale S.p.A..  
“Law 130” means Italian Law No. 130 of 30 April 1999, as amended and supplemented from 
time to time.

--- Page 93 ---
93 
“Liquid Assets” means the assets referred to Article 7-duodecies, paragraph 2, letters (a) and (b) 
of Law 130, provided that such assets meet the requirements to qualify as eligible assets under 
Article 129 of the CRR and Law 130.  
“Liquidation Date” means the fifth Business Days before each Guarantor Payment Date. 
“Liquidity Buffer Account” means the account that may be opened in the name of the 
Guarantor with the Account Bank in accordance with the Cash Management and Agency 
Agreement. 
“Liquidity Buffer Securities Account” means the securities account that may be opened in the 
name of the Guarantor with the Account Bank in accordance with Cash Management and 
Agency Agreement. 
“Liquidity Buffer Target Amount” means the liquidity buffer requirement pursuant to Article 
7-duodecies of Law 130, as set out in the Cover Pool Administration Agreement. 
"LTV" means, with respect to a Mortgage Loan, the Loan-to-Value ratio, determined as the ratio 
between the value of the relevant Mortgage Loan and the value of a Real Estate Asset in 
accordance with the BoI Regulations and any other applicable prudential regulation. 
"Luxembourg Listing Agent" means BNP Paribas, Luxembourg Branch. 
"Mandate Agreement" means the mandate agreement entered into on or about 10 October 2019 
between the Representative of the Covered Bondholders and the Guarantor, as amended and 
restated from time to time. 
"Margin" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Master Transfer Agreement" means the master transfer agreement entered into on 1 October 
2019 between the Guarantor and the Seller, as amended and restated from time to time. 
“Maturity Date” means each date on which final redemption payments for a Series of Covered 
Bonds become due in accordance with the Final Terms but subject to it being extended to the 
Extended Maturity Date. 
“Maximum Redemption Amount” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Member State” means a member State of the European Union. 
“Maximum Rate of Interest” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
"MEF Decree" means the ministerial MEF Decree of 14 December 2006 issued by the Ministry 
of the Economy and Finance, repealed by the Decree190.  
“Minimum OC Requirement” has the meaning ascribed to such term in clause 1.2 (Other 
Definitions) of the Cover Pool Administration Agreement. 
“Minimum Rate of Interest” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Minimum Redemption Amount” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Monte Titoli" means Monte Titoli S.p.A., (commercial name “Euronext Securities Milan”) a 
società per azioni having its registered office at Piazza Affari, 6, 20123 Milan, Italy. 
“Monte Titoli Account Holders” means any authorised financial intermediary institution 
entitled to hold accounts on behalf of its customers with Monte Titoli (as intermediari aderenti) 
in accordance with Article 83-quater of the Financial Law.

--- Page 94 ---
94 
"Monthly Servicer's Report" means the monthly report prepared by the Servicer on each 
Monthly Servicer’s Report Date and containing details on the Collections of the Receivables 
during the relevant Collection Period, prepared in accordance with the Servicing Agreement and 
delivered by the Servicer, inter alios, to the Guarantor and the Asset Monitor. 
"Monthly Servicer's Report Date" means (a) prior to the delivery of an Acceleration Notice, 
the date falling on the 12th calendar day of each month of each year, or if such day is not a 
Business Day, the immediately following Business Day; and (b) following the delivery of an 
Acceleration Notice, such date as may be indicated by the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders. 
“Mortgage Loan" means (i) any residential mortgage loan which has an LTV that does not 
exceed 80 per cent. and for which the hardening period with respect to the perfection of the 
relevant mortgage has elapsed, pursuant to article 2, sub-paragraph 1, of MEF Decree; and (ii) 
from the Implementation Date, any residential mortgage loan that meet the requirements of 
Article 129, paragraph 1, let. (d) of the CRR and Article 7-novies of Law 130. 
“Mortgage Loan Agreement” means any mortgage loan agreement out of which the 
Receivables arise and secured by Mortgage over Real Estate Assets. 
“Mortgages” means the mortgage security interests (ipoteche) created on the Real Estate Assets 
pursuant to Italian law in order to secure claims in respect of the Receivables. 
“Mortgagor” means any person, either a borrower or a third party, who has granted a Mortgage 
in favour of the Seller to secure the payment or repayment of any amounts payable in respect of 
a Mortgage Loan, and/or his/her successor in interest. 
“Negative Carry Factor” means 0.5% or such higher percentage procured by the Issuer on 
behalf of the Guarantor and notified to the Representative of the Covered Bondholders and to the 
Test Calculation Agent. 
“Net Present Value Test” has the meaning ascribed to such term in clause 2.2.2 (Net Present 
Value Test) of the Cover Pool Administration Agreement. 
“Net Present Value of the Cover Pool for Statutory Test” has the meaning ascribed to such 
term in clause 2.4 (Net Present Value Test) of the Cover Pool Administration Agreement. 
"New Portfolio" means any portfolio of Receivables (other than the Initial Portfolio), 
comprising Eligible Assets, Integration Assets and Liquid Assets, as applicable, which may be 
purchased by the Guarantor from the Seller pursuant to the terms and subject to the conditions of 
the Master Transfer Agreement. 
“Nominal Value” has the meaning ascribed to such term in clause 2.3.1 (Nominal Value) of the 
Cover Pool Administration Agreement. 
“Nominal Value Test” has the meaning ascribed to such term in clause 2.2.1 (Nominal Value 
Test) of the Cover Pool Administration Agreement. 
"Notice to Pay" has the meaning ascribed to such term in Condition 10(a) (Issuer Events of 
Default). 
“Obligations” means all the obligations of the Guarantor created by or arising under the 
Programme Documents. 
“Offer Date" means, with respect to each New Portfolio, the date falling 2 (two) Business Days 
prior to each Transfer Date, pursuant to clause 3.1 (Offerta) of the Master Transfer Agreement.

--- Page 95 ---
95 
“Official Gazette of the Republic of Italy" or "Official Gazette" means the Gazzetta Ufficiale 
della Repubblica Italiana. 
“Optional Redemption Amount (Call)” means, in respect of any Series of Covered Bonds, the 
principal amount of such Series or such other amount as may be specified in, or determined in 
accordance with, the Conditions. 
"Optional Redemption Amount (Put)" means, in respect of any Series of Covered Bonds, the 
principal amount of such Series or such other amount as may be specified in, or determined in 
accordance with, the Conditions. 
"Optional Redemption Date (Call)" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms.  
"Optional Redemption Date (Put)" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Organisation of the Covered Bondholders" means the association of the Covered 
Bondholders, organised pursuant to the Rules of the Organisation of the Covered Bondholders; 
"Other Creditors" means the Issuer, the Seller, the Subordinated Loan Provider, the Servicer, 
the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, the Guarantor Calculation Agent, the Test 
Calculation Agent, the Corporate Servicer, the Issuer Paying Agent, the Guarantor Paying 
Agent, the Account Bank, the Asset Monitor, the Covered Bond Swap Counterparty, the 
Portfolio Manager (if any), the Cash Manager and any other creditors which may, from time to 
time, be identified as such in the context of the Programme. 
"Other Issuer Creditors" means any entity - other than the Issuer - acting as Issuer Paying 
Agent, any Covered Bond Swap Counterparty, the Asset Monitor and any other Issuer's creditor 
which may from time to time be identified as such in the context of the Programme. 
"Outstanding Principal" means, on any given date and in relation to any Receivable, the sum 
of all (i) Principal Instalments due but unpaid at such date; and (ii) the Principal Instalments not 
yet due at such date. 
"Outstanding Principal Amount" means, on any date in respect of any Series of Covered 
Bonds or, where applicable, in respect of all Series of Covered Bonds: 
(i) 
the principal amount of such Series or, where applicable, all such Series upon issue; minus 
(ii) 
the aggregate amount of all principal which has been repaid prior to such date in respect 
of such Series or, where applicable, all such Series and, solely for the purposes of Title II 
(Meetings of the Covered Bondholders) of the Rules of the Organisation of Covered 
Bondholders, the principal amount of any Covered Bonds in such Series of (where 
applicable) all such Series held by, or by any Person for the benefit of, the Issuer or the 
Guarantor. 
“Outstanding Principal Balance” means on any date, (i) in relation to a loan or any other asset 
included in the Cover Pool, the aggregate nominal principal amount outstanding of such loan or 
asset at such date, and (ii) in relation to the Covered Bonds, the aggregate nominal principal 
amount outstanding of such Covered Bonds at such date as the case may be. 
"Paying Agents" means the Issuer Paying Agent and the Guarantor Paying Agent. 
"Payments Report" means the report to be prepared and delivered by the Guarantor 
Calculation Agent pursuant to the Cash, Management and Agency Agreement on each 
Guarantor Calculation Date.

--- Page 96 ---
96 
"Person" means any individual, company, corporation, firm, partnership, joint venture, 
association, organisation, state or agency of a state or other entity, whether or not having separate 
legal personality. 
"Place of Payment" means, in respect of any Covered Bondholders, the place at which such 
Covered Bondholder receives payment of interest or principal on the Covered Bonds. 
“Portfolio” means, collectively, the Initial Portfolio and any New Portfolio which has been 
purchased and will be purchased by the Guarantor pursuant to the Master Transfer Agreement. 
“Portfolio Manager” means the entity appointed as such in accordance with clause 5.6 
(Portfolio Manager) of the Cover Pool Administration Agreement. 
"Post-Issuer Event of Default Priority of Payments" means the order of priority pursuant to 
which the Available Funds shall be applied, on each Guarantor Payment Date following the 
delivery of a Notice to Pay, but prior to the delivery of an Acceleration Notice, in accordance 
with the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement. 
“Post-Guarantor Event of Default Priority of Payments” means the order of priority pursuant 
to which the Available Funds shall be applied on each Guarantor Payment Date, following the 
delivery of an Acceleration Notice, in accordance with the Intercreditor Agreement. 
“Potential Set-Off Amount” means (a) if no Issuer Downgrading Event has occurred or is 
outstanding an amount equal to 0 (zero) or (b) if an Issuer Downgrading Event has occurred and 
is outstanding, an amount of the Cover Pool that could potentially be set-off by the relevant 
Debtors against any credit owed by any such Debtor towards the Seller. Such amount will be 
calculated by the Test Calculation Agent (based on the aggregate information provided by the 
Servicer) on a quarterly basis on each Test Calculation Date and/or on each other date on which 
the Asset Coverage Test is to be carried out pursuant to the provisions of the Cover Pool 
Administration Agreement. 
"Pre-Issuer Event of Default Interest Priority of Payments" means the order of priority 
pursuant to which the Interest Available Funds shall be applied on each Guarantor Payment 
Date, prior to the delivery of a Notice to Pay in accordance with the Intercreditor Agreement. 
"Pre-Issuer Event of Default Principal Priority of Payments" means the order of priority 
pursuant to which the Principal Available Funds shall be applied on each Guarantor Payment 
Date, prior to the delivery of a Notice to Pay in accordance with the Intercreditor Agreement. 
"Premium Interest" means the premium payable by the Guarantor to the Seller in accordance 
with the Subordinated Loan Agreement, as determined thereunder. 
"Principal Available Funds" means in respect of any Guarantor Payment Date, the aggregate 
of, without duplication: 
(a) 
all principal amounts collected by the Servicer in respect of the Cover Pool and credited 
to the Collection Account during the Collection Period preceding the relevant Guarantor 
Payment Date;  
(b) 
all other recoveries in the nature of principal collected by the Servicer and credited to the 
Collection Account during the Collection Period preceding the relevant Guarantor 
Payment Date;

--- Page 97 ---
97 
(c) 
all proceeds deriving from the sale, if any, of the Eligible Assets, Integration Assets or 
Liquid Assets during the Collection Period preceding the relevant Guarantor Payment 
Date; 
(d) 
without duplication with other items of this definition, all principal proceeds deriving 
from the liquidation of Eligible Investments during the Collection Period preceding the 
relevant Guarantor Payment Date; 
(e) 
any other principal amounts standing to the credit of the Accounts as of the immediately 
preceding Collection Date; 
(f) 
all amounts in respect of principal (if any) received under any Swap Agreement (other 
than the Swap Collateral);  
(g) 
any amounts to be transferred pursuant to item (vi) of the Pre-Issuer Event of Default 
Interest Priority of Payments; 
(h) 
any amounts (other than the amounts already allocated under other items of the Interest 
Available Funds or the Principal Available Funds) received by the Guarantor from any 
party to the Transaction Documents during the immediately preceding Collection 
Period; 
(i) 
principal amount recovered by the Guarantor from the Issuer after the enforcement of 
the Covered Bond Guarantee during the immediately preceding Collection Period; 
(j) 
any amount paid under the Subordinated Loan and not repaid, standing to the credit of 
the Collection Accounts. 
(k) 
following a Notice to Pay, and before an Acceleration Notice, all principal amounts 
standing to the credit of the Liquidity Buffer Account as at the relevant Guarantor 
Calculation Date.  
“Principal Financial Centre” means, in relation to any currency, the principal financial centre 
for that currency provided, however, that: 
(i) 
in relation to Euro, it means the principal financial centre of such Member State of the 
European Communities as is selected (in the case of a payment) by the payee or (in the 
case of a calculation) by the Guarantor Calculation Agent; and 
(ii) 
in relation to Australian dollars, it means either Sydney or Melbourne and, in relation to 
New Zealand dollars, it means either Wellington or Auckland; in each case as is selected 
(in the case of a payment) by the payee or (in the case of a calculation) by the Guarantor 
Calculation Agent. 
“Principal Instalment” means the principal component of each Instalment. 
“Priority of Payments” means each of the Pre-Issuer Event of Default Interest Priority of 
Payments, the Pre-Issuer Event of Default Principal Priority of Payments, the Post-Issuer Event 
of Default Priority of Payments and the Post-Guarantor Event of Default Priority of Payments. 
“Privacy Code” means the Legislative Decree no. 196 of 30 June 2003 (Codice in materia di 
protezione dei dati personali) as amended and integrated from time to time.

--- Page 98 ---
98 
“Privacy Law” (Normativa sulla Tutela della Riservatezza) means the Privacy Code, the GDPR 
and any other related regulation and/or provision in force from time to time. 
“Programme” means the programme for the issuance of each Series of Covered Bonds 
(obbligazioni bancarie garantite) by the Issuer in accordance with article 7-bis of the Law 130 
as applicable until the Implementation Date or, from the Implementation Date, the article 7-
quinquies and subsequent of Law 130. 
“Programme Agreement” means the programme agreement entered into on 10 October 2019 
between, inter alios, the Guarantor, the Seller, the Issuer, the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders and the Dealers, as amended and restated from time to time. 
“Programme Amount” means €3,000,000,000. 
“Programme Documents” means the Master Transfer Agreement, the Servicing Agreement, the 
Warranty and Indemnity Agreement, the Cash, Management and Agency Agreement, the 
Programme Agreement, each Subscription Agreement, the Cover Pool Administration 
Agreement, the Intercreditor Agreement, the Subordinated Loan Agreement, the Asset Monitor 
Agreement, the Covered Bond Guarantee, the Corporate Services Agreement, the Swap 
Agreements (if any), the Mandate Agreement, the Quotaholders' Agreement, these Conditions, 
each Final Terms, the Deed of Pledge, the Master Definitions Agreement, the Stichting 
Corporate Services Agreement and any other agreement entered into from time to time in 
connection with the Programme. 
"Programme Resolution" has the meaning given in the Rules of the Organisation of Covered 
Bondholders attached to these Conditions. 
"Prospectus Regulation" means EU Regulation 2017/1129, as amended from time to time. 
"Prudential Regulations" means the prudential regulations for banks issued by the Bank of 
Italy on 17 December 2013 with Circular No. 285 “Disposizioni di vigilanza per le banche”, as 
amended and supplemented from time to time, including the BoI Regulations. 
"Public Entities" means any of the authorities or entities set out in article 129, paragraph 1, 
letters (a) and (b) of the CRR. 
"Public Entity Securities" means any securities issued by, or which have benefit of a guarantee 
eligible for credit risk mitigation granted by, Public Entities pursuant to Article 129, paragraph 
1, let. (a) and (b) of the CRR and art. 7-novies of Law 130. 
"Purchase Price" means, in relation to the Initial Portfolio and each New Portfolio transferred 
by the Seller, the consideration paid by the Guarantor to such Seller for the transfer thereof, 
calculated in accordance with the Master Transfer Agreement. 
"Put Option Notice" means a notice of exercise relating to the put option contained in 
Condition 7 (f) (Redemption at the option of the Covered Bondholders), substantially in the form 
set out in schedule 5 to the Cash Management and Agency Agreement, or such other form which 
may, from time to time, be agreed between the Issuer and the Issuer Paying Agent or the 
Guarantor Paying Agent, as the case may be. 
“Put Option Receipt” means a receipt issued by the Issuer Paying Agent or the Guarantor 
Paying Agent, as the case may be, to a depositing Covered Bondholder upon deposit of 
Covered Bonds with the Issuer Paying Agent or the Guarantor Paying Agent, as the case may 
be, by any Covered Bondholder wanting to exercise a right to redeem Covered Bonds at the 
option of the Covered Bondholder.

--- Page 99 ---
99 
“Quotaholders” means each of Stichting Urano and Banca Popolare dell’Alto Adige S.p.A.. 
“Quotaholders' Agreement” means the agreement entered into on 10 October 2019 between 
Banca Popolare dell’Alto Adige S.p.A., Stichting Urano, the Guarantor and the Representative 
of the Covered Bondholders, as amended and restated from time to time. 
"Quota Capital" means the quota capital of the Guarantor, equal to Euro 10,000.00. 
“Quota Capital Account” means the Euro denominated account established in the name of the 
Guarantor with Banca Monte dei Paschi di Siena S.p.A., IBAN IT 72 D 01030 61622 
000001835807 for the deposit of the Quota Capital. 
“Rate of Interest” means the rate or rates (expressed as a percentage per annum) of interest 
payable in respect of the Series of Covered Bonds specified in the relevant Final Terms or 
calculated or determined in accordance with the provisions of these Conditions and/or the 
relevant Final Terms. 
“Real Estate Assets” means the real estate properties which have been mortgaged in order to 
secure the Receivables and each of them a “Real Estate Asset”. 
"Receivables" means each and every right arising under the Mortgage Loans pursuant to the 
Mortgage Loan Agreements, including but not limited to: 
(i) 
all rights in relation to all Outstanding Principal of the Mortgage Loans as at the relevant 
Transfer Date; 
(ii) 
all rights in relation to interest (including default interest) amounts which will accrue on 
the Mortgage Loans as from the relevant Valuation Date; 
(iii) 
all rights in relation to the reimbursement of expenses and in relation to any losses, costs, 
indemnities and damages and any other amount due to the Seller in relation to the 
Mortgage Loans, the Mortgage Loan Agreements and the Integration Assets, including 
penalties and any other amount due to the Seller in the case of prepayments of the 
Mortgage Loans, and to the guarantees and insurances related thereto, including the rights 
in relation to the reimbursement of legal, judicial and other possible expenses incurred in 
connection with the collection and recovery of all amounts due in relation to the Mortgage 
Loans up to and as from the relevant Valuation Date; 
(iv) 
all rights in relation to any amount paid pursuant to any Insurance Policy or guarantee in 
respect of the Mortgage Loans of which the Seller is the beneficiary or is entitled pursuant 
to any liens (vincoli); 
(v) 
all of the above together with the Mortgages and any other security interests (garanzie 
reali o garanzie personali) assignable as a result of the assignment of the Receivables 
(except for the fidejussioni omnibus which have not been granted exclusively in relation to 
or in connection with the Mortgage Loans), including any other guarantee granted in 
favour of the Seller in connection with the Mortgage Loans or the Mortgage Loan 
Agreements and the Receivables. 
“Records” means the records prepared pursuant to clause 10.1 (Duty to maintain Records) of the 
Cash, Management and Agency Agreement. 
“Recoveries” means any amounts received or recovered by the Servicer, in accordance with the 
terms of the Servicing Agreement, in relation to any Defaulted Receivable and any Delinquent 
Receivable.

--- Page 100 ---
100 
"Redemption Amount" means, as appropriate, the Final Redemption Amount, the Early 
Redemption Amount (Tax), the Optional Redemption Amount (Call), the Optional Redemption 
Amount (Put), the Early Termination Amount or such other amount in the nature of a 
redemption amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with the Conditions. 
"Reference Banks" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms or, if none, four major 
banks selected by the Guarantor Calculation Agent in the market that is most closely connected 
with the Reference Rate. 
"Reference Price" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms.  
"Reference Rate" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms.  
"Regular Period" means: 
(i) in the case of Covered Bonds where interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of 
regular payments, each period from and including the Interest Commencement Date to but 
excluding the first CB Payment Date and each successive period from and including one 
CB Payment Date to but excluding the next CB Payment Date; 
(ii) in the case of Covered Bonds where, apart from the first CB Interest Period, interest is 
scheduled to be paid only by means of regular payments, each period from and including a 
Regular Date falling in any year to but excluding the next Regular Date, where "Regular 
Date" means the day and month (but not the year) on which any CB Payment Date falls; 
and 
(iii) in the case of Covered Bonds where, apart from one CB Interest Period other than the first 
CB Interest Period, interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular payments, each 
period from and including a Regular Date falling in any year to but excluding the next 
Regular Date, where "Regular Date" means the day and month (but not the year) on which 
any CB Payment Date falls other than the CB Payment Date falling at the end of the 
irregular CB Interest Period. 
"Relevant Clearing System" means Euroclear and/or Clearstream and/or any other clearing 
system (other than Monte Titoli) specified in the relevant Final Terms as a clearing system 
through which payments under the Covered Bonds may be made; 
"Relevant Date" means, in relation to any payment, whichever is the later of (a) the date on 
which the payment in question first becomes due and (b) if the full amount payable has not been 
received in the Principal Financial Centre of the currency of payment by the Issuer Paying Agent 
or the Guarantor Paying Agent, as the case may be, on or prior to such due date, the date on 
which (the full amount having been so received) notice to that effect has been given to the 
Covered Bondholders. 
"Relevant Dealer(s) " means, in relation to a Series or a Tranche, the Dealer(s) which is/are 
party to any agreement (whether oral or in writing) entered into with the Issuer and the 
Guarantor for the issue by the Issuer and the subscription by such Dealer(s) of such Series or 
Tranche pursuant to the Programme Agreement. 
"Relevant Financial Centre" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Relevant Public Entity Securities Documents” means, where available, the relevant 
prospectuses (or, for Public Entity Securities in respect of which duty to publish a prospectus is 
not provided for, the issue notice published in accordance with the relevant applicable law)

--- Page 101 ---
101 
and/or the terms and conditions of the Securities (or similar documents in accordance with the 
relevant applicable law). 
"Relevant Screen Page" means the page, section or other part of a particular information 
service (including, without limitation, Reuters) specified as the Relevant Screen Page in the 
relevant Final Terms, or such other page, section or other part as may replace it on that 
information service or such other information service, in each case, as may be nominated by the 
Person providing or sponsoring the information appearing there for the purpose of displaying 
rates or prices comparable to the Reference Rate. 
"Relevant Time" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Representative of the Covered Bondholders" means Banca Finanziaria Internazionale S.p.A., 
acting in its capacity as representative of the Covered Bondholders pursuant to the Intercreditor 
Agreement, the Programme Agreement, the Deed of Pledge, the Conditions and the Final Terms 
of each Series of Covered Bonds. 
“Required Reserve Amount” means, on each Guarantor Payment Date, an amount calculated 
by the Guarantor Calculation Agent as being equal to the sum of: 
(i) 
(A) interest accruing in respect of all outstanding Series of Covered Bonds during the 
immediately following Guarantor Payment Period (such that, (a) if Swap Agreements 
are in place for a Series of Covered Bonds, such interest amounts accruing will be the 
higher of the net amount due to the Covered Bond Swap Counterparty or the amount due 
to the Covered Bondholders of such Series, (b) if Swap Agreements are not in place for 
a Series of Covered Bonds, such interest amounts accruing will be the amount due to the 
Covered Bondholders of such Series and (c) if Swap Agreements are in place for a 
portion of a Series of Covered Bonds, such interest amounts accruing will be the sum of 
(i) for the portion of the Series covered by the Swap Agreements, the higher of the net 
amount due to the Covered Bond Swap Counterparty and the amount due to the Covered 
Bondholders of such Series, and (ii) for the remaining portion, the interest amounts 
accruing will be the proportional amount due to the Covered Bondholders of such Series 
in each case as calculated by the Guarantor Calculation Agent on or prior to each 
Guarantor Calculation Date, plus (B) prior to the service of a Notice to Pay, the 
aggregate amount to be paid by the Guarantor on the second Guarantor Payment Date 
following the relevant Guarantor Calculation Date in respect of the items (First) to 
(Third) (each inclusive) of the Pre- Issuer Event of Default Interest Priority of Payments; 
plus  
(ii) 
any additional amount that the Issuer has voluntarily resolved to accumulate as reserve 
in order to create an additional stock to procure that the Statutory Tests are met with 
respect to the Cover Pool. 
“Reserve Account” means the Euro denominated account established in the name of the 
Guarantor with the Account Bank IBAN IT 25 R 03479 01600 000802318402, or such other 
substitute account as may be opened in accordance with the Cash, Management and Agency 
Agreement. 
“Reserve Fund” means means any amounts standing to the credit of the Reserve Account up to 
the Required Reserve Amount.

--- Page 102 ---
102 
“Rules of the Organisation of the Covered Bondholders” or "Rules" means the rules of the 
Organisation of the Covered Bondholders attached as exhibit to the Conditions of the Covered 
Bonds. 
“Secured Creditors” means, collectively, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders (in its 
own capacity and as legal representative of the Covered Bondholders), the Issuer, the Seller, the 
Subordinated Loan Provider, the Servicer, the Guarantor Calculation Agent, the Test Calculation 
Agent, the Corporate Servicer, the Issuer Paying Agent, the Guarantor Paying Agent, the 
Account Bank, the Asset Monitor, the Covered Bond Swap Counterparty, the Portfolio Manager 
(if any), the Cash Manager, together with any other entity acceding to the Intercreditor 
Agreement. 
“Securities Account” means the account which will be opened in the name of the Guarantor 
with the Account Bank, upon purchase by the Guarantor from the Seller of Eligible Assets 
and/or Integration Assets and /or Liquid Assets (other than Liquid Assets deposited on the 
Liquidity Buffer Securities Account represented by bonds, debentures, notes or other financial 
instruments in book entry form in accordance with and subject to the conditions of the Cash, 
Management and Agency Agreement. 
“Securities Act” means the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended and supplemented from 
time to time. 
“Security” means the security created pursuant to the Deed of Pledge and the Deed of Charge.  
“Security Interest” means: 
(a) 
any mortgage, charge, pledge, lien, privilege (privilegio speciale) or other security interest 
securing any obligation of any person; 
(b) 
any arrangement under which money or claims to money, or the benefit of a bank or other 
account may be applied, set off or made subject to a combination of accounts so as to 
effect discharge or any sum owed or payable to any person; or 
(c) 
any other type or preferential arrangement having a similar effect.  
“Seller” means Banca Popolare dell’Alto Adige S.p.A. pursuant to the Master Transfer 
Agreement. 
"Series” or “Series of Covered Bonds" means each series of Covered Bonds issued in the 
context of the Programme. 
“Servicer” means Banca Popolare dell’Alto Adige S.p.A. in its capacity servicer pursuant to the 
Servicing Agreement. 
"Servicer Termination Event" means any of the events set out under clause 8.1 (Casi di revoca 
del mandato del Servicer) of the Servicing Agreement, which allows the Guarantor to terminate 
the Servicer's appointment and appoint a Substitute Servicer pursuant to the Servicing 
Agreement. 
"Servicing Agreement" means the servicing agreement entered into on 1 October 2019 between 
the Guarantor, the Issuer and the Servicer, as amended and restated from time to time. 
"Sole Affected Party" means an Affected Party as defined in the relevant Swap Agreement 
which at the relevant time is the only Affected Party under such Swap Agreement.

--- Page 103 ---
103 
"Specified Currency" means the currency as may be agreed from time to time by the Issuer, the 
relevant Dealer(s), the Issuer Paying Agent or the Guarantor Paying Agent, as the case may be 
and the Representative of the Covered Bondholders (as set out in the applicable Final Terms). 
"Specified Denomination(s) " has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Specified Office" means, with respect to: 
(i) 
the Account Bank and Guarantor Paying Agent, Piazza Lina Bo Bardi 3, Milan,  
(ii) the Cash Manager, Test Calculation Agent and Issuer Paying Agent, Via del Macello, 55, 
Bolzano, Italy, and  
(iii) the Guarantor Calculation Agent and Corporate Servicer, Via V. Alfieri, 1, 31015 
Conegliano (TV), Italy. 
“Specified Period” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Stabilisation Manager" means each Dealer or any other person acting in such capacity in 
accordance with the terms of the Programme Agreement. 
“Statutory Tests” means such tests provided for under article 7-undecies of Law 130 and 
namely: (i) the Nominal Value Test, (ii) the Net Present Value Test and (iii) the Interest 
Coverage Test. 
"Stichting Corporate Services Provider" means Wilmington Trust SP Services (London) 
Limited acting in its capacity as stichting corporate services provider of Stichting Urano 
pursuant to the Stichting Corporate Services Agreement. 
"Stichting Corporate Services Agreement" means the stichting corporate services agreement 
entered into on 10 October 2019, between the Guarantor, the Stichting Corporate Services 
Provider and Stichting Urano, pursuant to which the Stichting Corporate Services Provider will 
provide certain administration services to Stichting Urano, as amended and restated from time to 
time.  
“Stock Exchange” means the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. 
“Subordinated Loan Provider” means the Seller, in its capacity as Subordinated Loan Provider 
pursuant to the Subordinated Loan Agreement. 
“Subordinated Loan Agreement" means the subordinated loan agreement entered into on 1 
October 2019 between the Subordinated Loan Provider and the Guarantor, as amended and 
restated from time to time. 
“Subscription Agreements” means each subscription agreement entered into on or about the 
Issue Date of each Series of Covered Bonds between each Dealer and the Issuer. 
"Substitute Servicer" means the successor to the Servicer which may be appointed by the 
Guarantor, upon the occurrence of a Servicer Termination Event, pursuant to clause 8.4 
(Sostituto del Servicer) of the Servicing Agreement. 
“Subsidiary” has the meaning ascribed to such term it in Article 2359 of the Italian Civil Code. 
“Suspension Period” means the period of time following an Article 74 Event. 
"Swap Agreements" means any swap agreement or other hedging agreements, if any, aimed at 
hedging certain interest rate risks and/or, if applicable, currency exposures in relation to the

--- Page 104 ---
104 
Guarantor’s obligations under the Covered Bonds, that may be entered into between the 
Guarantor and the relevant Covered Bond Swap Counterparty. 
“Swap Basic Term Modification” means any amendment to any of the Programme Documents 
aimed at: (i) altering the Priority of Payments by affecting the position of the Covered Bond 
Swap Counterparty if compared to the position of the Covered Bondholders, (ii) changing a 
payment date under the Swap Agreements; (iii) providing a reduction or cancellation or increase 
in the payments due under the Swap Agreements; (iv) altering the currency for each relevant 
payment under the Swap Agreements; (v) extending the termination date under the Swap 
Agreements and (vi) modifying this definition. 
“Swap Collateral” means the collateral which may be transferred by the Covered Bond Swap 
Counterparty to the Guarantor in support of its obligations under the Swap Agreements. 
“Swap Collateral Accounts” means collectively the Swap Collateral Cash Account, the Swap 
Collateral Securities Account and any swap collateral cash account, any swap collateral 
securities account and any other collateral account that may be opened, in name and on behalf of 
the Guarantor, with an account bank on which each Swap Collateral in the form of cash and/or 
securities and will be posted in accordance with the relevant Swap Agreement. 
“Swap Collateral Cash Account” means the Euro denominated collateral account that may be 
opened in the name of the Guarantor with the Account Bank, or such other substitute account as 
may be opened in accordance with the Cash, Management and Agency Agreement. 
"Swap Collateral Excluded Amounts" means, at any time, cash and/or securities equivalent of 
the same type, nominal value and description as the Swap Collateral which is to be transferred 
back by the Guarantor to the Covered Bond Swap Counterparty from time to time in accordance 
with the terms of the Swap Agreements. 
"Swap Collateral Securities Account" means the Euro denominated account that may be 
opened in the name of the Guarantor with the Account Bank, or such other substitute account as 
may be opened in accordance with the Cash, Management and Agency Agreement. 
"T2" means the real time gross settlement system operated by the Eurosystem (T2) combining 
the functionalities of a Real Time Gross Settlement (RTGS) system with those of a Central 
Liquidity Management (CLM) system and which was launched on 20 March 2023. 
“T2 Settlement Day” means any day on which the real time gross settlement system operated 
by the Eurosystem is open. 
“Tax” means any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of 
whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by the Republic of Italy or any 
political subdivision thereof or any authority thereof or therein. 
“Term Loan” means the term loan to be granted by the Subordinated Loan Provider pursuant to 
the terms of clause 2 (Il Finanziamento Subordinato) of the Subordinated Loan Agreement. 
“Test Calculation Agent” means Banca Popolare dell’Alto Adige S.p.A., acting as test 
calculation agent for the Tests, the Liquidity Buffer Target Amount, the Exposure Limit and the 
Minimum OC Requirement or any other institution that, from time to time, may be appointed as 
such pursuant to the Cash Management and Agency Agreement. 
"Test Calculation Date" means both prior to and after the delivery of an Acceleration Notice, 
the date falling on the fifth Business Day immediately preceding each Guarantor Payment Date.

--- Page 105 ---
105 
"Test Grace Period" means the period starting from the Test Calculation Date on which the 
breach of a test is notified by the Test Calculation Agent and ending on the immediately 
following Test Calculation Date. 
"Tests" or "Test" means, collectively, the Statutory Tests, the Asset Coverage Test and the 
Amortisation Test. 
“Trade Date” means the date on which the issue of the relevant Series of Covered Bonds is 
priced. 
“Tranche” means the tranche of Covered Bonds issued under the Programme to which each 
Final Terms relates, each such tranche forming part of a Series. 
“Transfer Agreement” means any subsequent transfer agreement for the purchase of each New 
Portfolio entered into in accordance with the terms of the relevant Master Transfer Agreement. 
“Transfer Date” means: (a) with respect to the Initial Portfolio, 1 October 2019; and (b) with 
respect to the New Portfolios, the date designated by the Seller in the relevant Transfer Notice. 
“Transfer Notice” means, in respect to each New Portfolio, such transfer notice which will be 
sent by the Seller and addressed to the Guarantor in the form set out in the Master Transfer 
Agreement. 
“Treaty” means the treaty establishing the European Community. 
“Valuation Date” means, with reference to the Initial Portfolio, 1 September 2019, and with 
reference to the New Portfolios, the date designated as such in the relevant Transfer Notice. 
“Warranty and Indemnity Agreement” means each warranty and indemnity agreement 
entered into on 1 October 2019 between the Seller and the Guarantor, as amended and restated 
from time to time. 
(a) 
Interpretation  
In these Conditions: 
(i) 
any reference to principal shall be deemed to include the Redemption Amount, any 
additional amounts in respect of principal which may be payable under Condition 9 
(Taxation), any premium payable in respect of a Series of Covered Bonds and any 
other amount in the nature of principal payable pursuant to these Conditions; 
(ii) 
any reference to interest shall be deemed to include any additional amounts in respect 
of interest which may be payable under Condition 9 (Taxation) and any other amount 
in the nature of interest payable pursuant to these Conditions; 
(iii) 
if an expression is stated in Condition 2(a) (Definitions) to have the meaning given in 
the relevant Final Terms, but the relevant Final Terms gives no such meaning or 
specifies that such expression is "not applicable" then such expression is not applicable 
to the Covered Bonds; 
(iv) 
any reference to a Programme Document shall be construed as a reference to such 
Transaction Document, as amended and/or supplemented up to and including the 
Issue Date of the relevant Covered Bonds; 
(v) 
any reference to a party to a Programme Document (other than the Issuer and the 
Guarantor) shall, where the context permits, include any Person who, in accordance 
with the terms of such Programme Document, becomes a party thereto subsequent to

--- Page 106 ---
106 
the date thereof, whether by appointment as a successor to an existing party or by 
appointment or otherwise as an additional party to such document and whether in 
respect of the Programme generally or in respect of a single Tranche only; and 
(vi) 
any reference in any legislation (whether primary legislation or regulations or other 
subsidiary legislation made pursuant to primary legislation) shall be construed as a 
reference to such legislation as the same may have been, or may from time to time be, 
amended or re-enacted. 
3. 
Form, Denomination and Title 
The Covered Bonds are in the Specified Denomination(s), which may include a minimum 
denomination of Euro 100,000 (or, where Specified Currency is a currency other than Euro, the 
equivalent amount in such Specified Currency) and higher integral multiples of a smaller 
amount, in each case as specified in the relevant Final Terms. The Covered Bonds will be 
issued and will be held in bearer form and in dematerialised form (emesse in forma 
dematerializzata) and will be wholly and exclusively deposited with Monte Titoli in accordance 
with Article 83-bis of the Financial Law, through the authorised institutions listed in Article 83-
quater of such legislative decree. The Covered Bonds will at all times be evidenced by, and title 
thereto will be transferable by means of, book entries in accordance with (i) the provisions of 
Article 83-bis et seq. of the Financial Law and the relevant implementing regulations and (ii) 
the regulation issued by the Bank of Italy and the CONSOB on 13 August 2018, as 
subsequently amended and supplemented. The Covered Bonds will be held by Monte Titoli on 
behalf of the Covered Bondholders until redemption or cancellation thereof for the account of 
the relevant Monte Titoli Account Holder. Monte Titoli Account Holder will be act as 
depository for Clearstream and Euroclear. No physical documents of title will be issued in 
respect of the Covered Bonds. The rights and powers of the Covered Bondholders may only be 
exercised in accordance with these Conditions and the Rules of the Organisation of the Covered 
Bondholders. 
4. 
Status and Guarantee 
(a) 
Status of the Covered Bonds 
The Covered Bonds constitute direct, unconditional, unsecured and unsubordinated obligations 
of the Issuer and will rank pari passu without preference among themselves and (save for any 
applicable statutory provisions) at least equally with all other present and future unsecured and 
unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer from time to time outstanding. In the event of a 
compulsory winding-up (liquidazione coatta amministrativa) of the Issuer, any funds realised 
and payable to the Covered Bondholders will be collected by the Guarantor on their behalf. 
(b) 
Status of the Covered Bond Guarantee 
The payment of Guaranteed Amounts in respect of each Series of Covered Bonds when due for 
payment will be unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by the Guarantor in the Covered 
Bond Guarantee. 
(c) 
Priority of Payments 
Amounts due from the Issuer pursuant to these Conditions or from the Guarantor pursuant to 
the Covered Bond Guarantee shall be paid in accordance with the Priority of Payments, as set 
out in the Intercreditor Agreement. 
5. 
Fixed Rate Provisions

--- Page 107 ---
107 
(a) 
Application 
This Condition 5 is applicable to the Covered Bonds only if the Fixed Rate Provisions are 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
(b) 
Accrual of interest 
The Covered Bonds bear interest on their Outstanding Principal Balance from (and including) 
the Interest Commencement Date at the Rate of Interest payable in arrears on each CB 
Payment Date, subject as provided in Condition 8 (Payments) up to (and excluding) the 
Maturity Date or, as the case may be, the Extended Maturity Date. Each Covered Bond will 
cease to bear interest from the due date for final redemption unless payment of the Redemption 
Amount is improperly withheld or refused, in which case it will continue to bear interest in 
accordance with this Condition 5 (both before and after judgment) until whichever is the 
earlier of (i) the day on which all sums due in respect of such Covered Bond up to that day are 
received by or on behalf of the relevant Covered Bondholder and (ii) the day which is 7 
(seven) days after the Issuer Paying Agent or the Guarantor Paying Agent, as the case may be, 
has notified the Covered Bondholders that it has received all sums due in respect of the 
Covered Bonds up to such seventh day (except to the extent that there is any subsequent 
default in payment). 
(c) 
Fixed Coupon Amount 
The amount of interest payable in respect of each Covered Bond for any CB Interest Period 
shall be the relevant Fixed Coupon Amount and, if the Covered Bonds are in more than one 
Specified Denomination, shall be the relevant Fixed Coupon Amount in respect of the relevant 
Specified Denomination. 
(d) 
Calculation of interest amount 
The amount of interest payable in respect of each Covered Bond for any period for which a 
Fixed Coupon Amount is not specified shall be calculated by applying the Rate of Interest to 
the Calculation Amount, multiplying the product by the relevant Day Count Fraction, rounding 
the resulting figure to the nearest sub unit of the Specified Currency (half a sub unit being 
rounded upwards) and multiplying such rounded figure by a fraction equal to the Specified 
Denomination of such Covered Bond divided by the Calculation Amount. For this purpose a 
"sub-unit" means, in the case of any currency other than Euro, the lowest amount of such 
currency that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, in the case of 
Euro, means one cent. 
6. 
Floating Rate Provisions 
(a) 
Application 
This Condition 6 is applicable to the Covered Bonds only if the Floating Rate Provisions are 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
(b) 
Accrual of interest 
The Covered Bonds bear interest on their Outstanding Principal Balance from the Interest 
Commencement Date at the Rate of Interest payable in arrears on each CB Payment Date, 
subject as provided in Condition 8 (Payments). Each Covered Bond will cease to bear interest 
from the due date for final redemption unless payment of the Redemption Amount is 
improperly withheld or refused, in which case it will continue to bear interest in accordance 
with this Condition (both before and after judgment) until whichever is the earlier of (i) the

--- Page 108 ---
108 
day on which all sums due in respect of such Covered Bond up to that day are received by or 
on behalf of the relevant Covered Bondholder and (ii) the day which is 7 (seven) days after the 
Issuer Paying Agent or the Guarantor Paying Agent, as the case may be, has notified the 
Covered Bondholders that it has received all sums due in respect of the Covered Bonds up to 
such seventh day (except to the extent that there is any subsequent default in payment). 
(c) 
Screen Rate Determination 
If Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in which 
the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined, the Rate of Interest applicable to the Covered 
Bonds for each CB Interest Period will be determined by the Calculation Agent on the 
following basis: 
(i) 
if the Reference Rate is a composite quotation or customarily supplied by one entity, 
the Calculation Agent will determine the Reference Rate which appears on the Relevant 
Screen Page as of the Relevant Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date; 
(ii) 
in any other case, the Calculation Agent will determine the arithmetic mean of the 
Reference Rates which appear on the Relevant Screen Page as of the Relevant Time on 
the relevant Interest Determination Date; 
(iii) 
if, in the case of (i) above, such rate does not appear on that page or, in the case of (ii) 
above, fewer than two such rates appear on that page or if, in either case, the Relevant 
Screen Page is unavailable, the Calculation Agent will: 
(A) 
request the principal Relevant Financial Centre office of each of the Reference 
Banks to provide a quotation of the Reference Rate at approximately the 
Relevant Time on the Interest Determination Date to prime banks in the 
Relevant Financial Centre interbank market in an amount that is representative 
for a single transaction in that market at that time; and 
(B) 
determine the arithmetic mean of such quotations; and 
(iv) 
if fewer than two such quotations are provided as requested, the Calculation Agent will 
determine the arithmetic mean of the rates (being the nearest to the Reference Rate, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent) quoted by major banks in the Principal Financial 
Centre of the Specified Currency, selected by the Calculation Agent, at approximately 
11.00 a.m. (local time in the Principal Financial Centre of the Specified Currency) on 
the first day of the relevant CB Interest Period for loans in the Specified Currency to 
leading European banks for a period equal to the relevant CB Interest Period and in an 
amount that is representative for a single transaction in that market at that time, 
and the Rate of Interest for such CB Interest Period shall be the sum of the Margin and the rate 
or (as the case may be) the arithmetic mean so determined; provided, however, that if the 
Calculation Agent is unable to determine a rate or (as the case may be) an arithmetic mean in 
accordance with the above provisions in relation to any CB Interest Period, the Rate of Interest 
applicable to the Covered Bonds during such CB Interest Period will be the sum of the Margin 
and the rate or (as the case may be) the arithmetic mean last determined in relation to the 
Covered Bonds in respect of a preceding CB Interest Period. 
(d) 
ISDA Determination 
If ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in which the 
Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined, the Rate of Interest applicable to the Covered Bonds

--- Page 109 ---
109 
for each CB Interest Period will be the sum of the Margin and the relevant ISDA Rate where 
"ISDA Rate" in relation to any CB Interest Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate (as 
defined in the ISDA Definitions) that would be determined by the Calculation Agent under an 
interest rate swap transaction if the Calculation Agent were acting as Calculation Agent for that 
interest rate swap transaction under the terms of an agreement incorporating the ISDA 
Definitions and under which: 
(i) 
the Floating Rate Option (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms; 
(ii) 
the Designated Maturity (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is a period specified in 
the relevant Final Terms; and 
(iii) 
the relevant Reset Date (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is the day specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
(e) 
Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest 
If any Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, then the Rate of Interest shall in no event be greater than the maximum or be less than 
the minimum so specified. 
(f) 
Calculation of Interest Amount 
The Issuer Paying Agent or the Guarantor Paying Agent, as the case may be, will, as soon as 
practicable after the time at which the Rate of Interest is to be determined in relation to each 
CB Interest Period, calculate the Interest Amount payable in respect of each Covered Bond 
for such CB Interest Period. The Interest Amount will be calculated by applying the Rate of 
Interest for such CB Interest Period to the Calculation Amount, multiplying the product by 
the relevant Day Count Fraction, rounding the resulting figure to the nearest sub unit of the 
Specified Currency (half a sub unit being rounded upwards) and multiplying such rounded 
figure by a fraction equal to the Specified Denomination of the relevant Covered Bond 
divided by the Calculation Amount. For this purpose a "sub unit" means, in the case of any 
Specified Currency other than Euro, the lowest amount of such Specified Currency that is 
available as legal tender in the country of such Specified Currency and, in the case of Euro, 
means one cent. 
(g) 
Calculation of other amounts 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies that any other amount is to be calculated by the Issuer 
Paying Agent or the Guarantor Paying Agent, as the case may be, then the Issuer Paying Agent 
or the Guarantor Paying Agent will, as soon as practicable after the time or times at which any 
such amount is to be determined, calculate the relevant amount. The relevant amount will be 
calculated by the Issuer Paying Agent or the Guarantor Paying Agent in the manner specified in 
the relevant Final Terms. 
(h) 
Publication 
The Issuer Paying Agent or the Guarantor Paying Agent will cause each Rate of Interest and 
Interest Amount determined by it, together with the relevant CB Payment Date, and any other 
amount(s) required to be determined by it together with any relevant payment date(s) to be 
notified to the Issuer and the Calculation Agent, as the case may be, and each competent 
authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system (if any) by which the Covered Bonds have 
then been admitted to listing, trading and/ or quotation as soon as practicable after such

--- Page 110 ---
110 
determination but (in the case of each Rate of Interest, Interest Amount and CB Payment Date) 
in any event not later than the first day of the relevant CB Interest Period. Notice thereof shall 
also promptly be given to the Covered Bondholders. The Issuer Paying Agent or the Guarantor 
Paying Agent, as the case may be, will be entitled to recalculate any Interest Amount (on the 
basis of the foregoing provisions) without notice in the event of an extension or shortening of 
the relevant CB Interest Period. If the Calculation Amount is less than the minimum Specified 
Denomination, the Issuer Paying Agent or the Guarantor Paying Agent shall not be obliged to 
publish each Interest Amount but instead may publish only the Calculation Amount and the 
Interest Amount in respect of a Covered Bond having the minimum Specified Denomination. 
(i) 
Certificates to be final 
All notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, calculations, quotations and decisions 
given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of this Condition by the Issuer Paying 
Agent or the Guarantor Paying Agent will (in the absence of manifest error, wilful default or 
gross negligence) be binding on the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Servicer, the Guarantor 
Calculation Agent, the Corporate Servicer, the Covered Bondholders and (subject as aforesaid) 
no liability to any such Person will attach to the Issuer Paying Agent or the Guarantor Paying 
Agent in connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions 
for such purposes. 
(j) 
Benchmark Replacement 
In addition, notwithstanding the provisions above in this Condition 6 (Floating Rate 
Provisions), if the Issuer or the Calculation Agent determines that the relevant Reference Rate 
specified in the relevant Final Terms has ceased to be published on the Relevant Screen Page as 
a result of such benchmark ceasing to be calculated or administered when any Rate of Interest 
(or the relevant component part thereof) remains to be determined by such Reference Rate, then 
the following provisions shall apply: 
(i) 
the Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours to appoint, as soon as reasonably practicable, 
an Independent Adviser to determine (acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner as an expert and in consultation with the Issuer), no later than 5 
Business Days prior to the relevant Interest Determination Date relating to the next 
succeeding CB Interest Period (the “Relevant Interest Determination Date”), a 
Successor Rate (as defined below) or, alternatively, if there is no Successor Rate, an 
Alternative Reference Rate (as defined below) for purposes of determining the Rate of 
Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) applicable to the Covered Bonds; 
(ii) 
if the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser, or the Independent Adviser 
appointed by it fails to determine a Successor Rate or an Alternative Reference Rate 
prior to the Relevant Interest Determination Date, the Issuer (acting in good faith and in 
a commercially reasonable manner) may determine a Successor Rate or, if there is no 
Successor Rate, an Alternative Reference Rate; 
(iii) 
if a Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) is 
determined in accordance with the preceding provisions, such Successor Rate or, failing 
which, an Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) shall be the Reference Rate for 
each of the future CB Interest Periods (subject to the subsequent operation of, and to 
adjustment as provided in, this Condition 6(j) (Benchmark Replacement)); provided, 
however, that if sub-paragraph (ii) applies and the Issuer is unable to or does not 
determine a Successor Rate or an Alternative Reference Rate prior to the relevant CB

--- Page 111 ---
111 
Payment Date, the Rate of Interest applicable to the next succeeding CB Interest Period 
(as applicable) shall be equal to the Rate of Interest last determined in relation to the 
Covered Bonds in respect of the preceding CB Interest Period (or alternatively, if there 
has not been a first CB Payment Date, the rate of interest shall be the Rate of Interest 
specified in the relevant Final Terms) (subject, where applicable, to substituting the 
Margin that applied to such preceding CB Interest Period for the Margin that is to be 
applied to the relevant CB Interest Period); for the avoidance of doubt, the provision in 
this sub-paragraph (iii) shall apply to the relevant CB Interest Period only and any 
subsequent CB Interest Periods are subject to the subsequent operation of, and to 
adjustment as provided in, this Condition 6(j) (Benchmark Replacement)); 
(iv) 
if the Independent Adviser or the Issuer determines a Successor Rate or, failing which, 
an Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) in accordance with the above provisions, 
the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable), may also specify changes to these 
Conditions and, including but not limited to, the definition of Day Count Fraction, 
Relevant Screen Page, Business Day Convention, Business Days, Interest 
Determination Date and/or the definition of Reference Rate applicable to the Covered 
Bonds, and the method for determining the fallback rate in relation to the Covered 
Bonds, in order to follow market practice in relation to the Successor Rate or the 
Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable). If the Independent Adviser (in consultation 
with the Issuer) or the Issuer (as applicable), determines that an Adjustment Spread is 
required to be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Reference Rate (as 
applicable) and determines the quantum of, or a formula or methodology for 
determining, such Adjustment Spread, then such Adjustment Spread shall be applied to 
the Successor Rate or the Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable). If the Independent 
Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) is unable to determine the quantum of, or a formula 
or methodology for determining, such Adjustment Spread, then such Successor Rate or 
Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) will apply without an Adjustment Spread. 
Covered Bondholder consent shall not be required in connection with effecting the 
Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) or such other changes; and 
(v) 
the Issuer shall promptly, following the determination of any Successor Rate or 
Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable), give notice thereof to the Agents and the 
Covered Bondholders, which shall specify the effective date(s) for such Successor Rate 
or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) and any consequential changes made to 
the Conditions. 
For the purposes of this Condition 6(j) (Benchmark Replacement):  
“Adjustment Spread” means a spread (which may be positive or negative) or formula or 
methodology for calculating a spread, which the Independent Adviser (in consultation with 
the Issuer) or the Issuer (as applicable), determines is required to be applied to the Successor 
Rate or the Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) in order to reduce or eliminate, to the 
extent reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as 
applicable) to Covered Bondholders as a result of the replacement of the Reference Rate with 
the Successor Rate or the Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) and is the spread, 
formula or methodology which: 
(i) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended in relation to the replacement 
of the Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body; or

--- Page 112 ---
112 
(ii) 
in the case of a Successor Rate for which no such recommendation has been made or in 
the case of an Alternative Reference Rate, the Independent Adviser (in consultation 
with the Issuer) or the Issuer (as applicable) determines is recognised or acknowledged 
as being in customary market usage in international covered bonds transactions which 
reference the Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced by the Successor Rate 
or the Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable); or 
(iii) if no such customary market usage is recognised or acknowledged, the Independent 
Adviser (in consultation with the Issuer) or the Issuer in its discretion (as applicable), 
determines (acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) to be 
appropriate; 
“Alternative Reference Rate” means the rate that the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as 
applicable) determines has replaced the relevant Reference Rate in customary market usage in 
the international bond markets for the purposes of determining rates of interest in respect of 
bonds denominated in the Specified Currency and of a comparable duration to the relevant CB 
Interest Period, or, if the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) determines that 
there is no such rate, such other rate as the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) 
determines in its discretion (acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) is 
most comparable to the relevant Reference Rate;  
“Independent Adviser” means an independent financial institution of international repute or 
other independent financial adviser experienced in the international bond markets, in each 
case appointed by the Issuer at its own expense; 
“Relevant Nominating Body” means, in respect of a reference rate: 
(i) 
the central bank for the currency to which the reference rate relates, or any central 
bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the 
administrator of the reference rate; or  
(ii) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or 
constituted at the request of (a) the central bank for the currency to which the 
reference rate relates, (b) any central bank or other supervisory authority which is 
responsible for supervising the administrator of the reference rate, (c) a group of the 
aforementioned central banks or other supervisory authorities; and  
“Successor Rate” means the rate that the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) 
determines is a successor to or replacement of the Reference Rate which is formally 
recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body. 
(k) 
Benchmark Replacement Modifications 
Notwithstanding the provisions of Title II (Meetings of the Covered Bondholders) of the Rules 
of the Organisation of Covered Bondholders, but subject as provided in the next following 
paragraph, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall be obliged, without any 
consent or sanction of the Covered Bondholders or any of the Issuer Secured Creditors, to 
concur with the Issuer in making any modification to these Conditions or any other Transaction 
Document to which it is a party or in relation to which it holds security or entering into any 
new, supplemental or additional documents that the Issuer certifies to the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders is considered by the Issuer necessary or advisable for the purpose of 
changing the Reference Rate to a Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate in accordance 
with Condition 6(j) (such certification being a “Benchmark Rate Modification Certificate”).

--- Page 113 ---
113 
When implementing any modification pursuant to this Condition 6(k) (Benchmark Replacement 
Modifications), (i) the Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall not consider the 
interests of the Covered Bondholders, any other Issuer Secured Creditor or any other person 
and shall act and rely solely and without further investigation, on any Benchmark Rate 
Modification Certificate and shall not be liable to the Covered Bondholders, any other Issuer 
Secured Creditor or any other person for so acting or relying, irrespective of whether any such 
modification is or may be materially prejudicial to the interests of any such person; and (ii) the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall not be obliged to agree to any modification 
which, in the sole opinion of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders would have the 
effect of (A) exposing the Representative of the Covered Bondholders to any liability against 
which it has not been indemnified and/or secured and/or pre-funded to its satisfaction or (B) 
increasing the obligations or duties, or decreasing the rights or protection, of the Representative 
of the Covered Bondholders in the Programme Documents and/or these Conditions. 
7. 
Redemption and Purchase 
(a) 
Scheduled redemption 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled in accordance with the Conditions and 
the relevant Final Terms, the Covered Bonds will be redeemed at their Final Redemption 
Amount on the Maturity Date, subject as provided in this Condition 7 (Redemption and 
Purchase) and Condition 8 (Payments). 
(b) 
Extension of maturity 
If an Extended Maturity Date is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms for a Series 
of Covered Bonds and the Issuer has failed to pay the Final Redemption Amount on the 
Maturity Date specified in the relevant Final Terms and the Guarantor or the Calculation Agent 
on its behalf determines that the Guarantor has insufficient moneys available under the relevant 
Priority of Payments to pay the Guaranteed Amounts corresponding to the Final Redemption 
Amount in full in respect of the relevant Series of Covered Bonds on the date falling on the 
Extension Determination Date, then (subject as provided below), payment of the unpaid amount 
by the Guarantor under the Covered Bond Guarantee shall be deferred until the Extended 
Maturity Date provided that any amount representing the Final Redemption Amount due and 
remaining unpaid after the Extension Determination Date may be paid by the Guarantor on any 
CB Payment Date thereafter up to (and including) the relevant Extended Maturity Date (a 
“Maturity Extension”). 
The Issuer shall confirm to the Issuer Paying Agent or the Guarantor Paying Agent, as the case 
may be, as soon as reasonably practicable and in any event at least four Business Days prior to 
the Maturity Date as to whether payment will or will not be made in full of the Final 
Redemption Amount in respect of the Covered Bonds on that Maturity Date. Any failure by the 
Issuer to notify the Issuer Paying Agent or the Guarantor Paying Agent, as the case may be, 
shall not affect the validity or effectiveness of the extension. 
The Guarantor or the Guarantor Paying Agent, as the case may be shall notify the relevant 
holders of the Covered Bonds (in accordance with Condition 17 (Notices), any relevant 
Covered Bond Swap Counterparty and the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, as the 
case may be, as soon as reasonably practicable and in any event at least three Business Days 
prior to the Maturity Date of any inability of the Guarantor to pay in full the Guaranteed 
Amounts corresponding to the Final Redemption Amount in respect of the Covered Bonds 
pursuant to the Covered Bond Guarantee. Any failure by the Guarantor to notify such parties

--- Page 114 ---
114 
shall not affect the validity or effectiveness of the extension nor give rise to any rights in any 
such party. 
In the circumstances outlined above, the Guarantor shall apply the moneys (if any) available 
(after paying or providing for payment of higher ranking or pari passu amounts in accordance 
with the relevant Priority of Payments) pro rata in partial payment of an amount equal to the 
Final Redemption Amount in respect of the Covered Bonds and shall pay Guaranteed Amounts 
constituting interest in respect of each such Covered Bond on such date. The obligation of the 
Guarantor to pay any amounts in respect of the balance of the Final Redemption Amount not so 
paid shall be deferred as described above. 
Interest will continue to accrue on any unpaid amount and be payable on each CB Payment 
Date during such extended period up to (and including) the Extended Maturity Date or, if 
earlier, the CB Payment Date on which the Final Redemption Amount is paid in full. 
In the event of extension of maturity pursuant to this Condition 7(b), the extension of the 
Maturity Date shall not affect the ranking or the sequencing of the Covered Bonds in case of 
liquidazione coatta amministrativa or resolution (risoluzione) of the Issuer. 
In accordance with the provisions of article 7-terdecies, paragraph 5, of the 130 Law and the 
BoI Regulations, the Issuer shall notify the Bank of Italy in case an Extended Maturity Date has 
become applicable in respect of a Series of Covered Bonds further to the occurrence of the 
Maturity Extension, within 10 (ten) calendar days from the occurrence thereof. 
(c) 
Redemption for tax reasons 
The Covered Bonds may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but not in part: 
(i) 
at any time (if the Floating Rate Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
being not applicable); or 
(ii) on any CB Payment Date (if the Floating Rate Provisions are specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as being applicable), 
on giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' notice to the Covered Bondholders (which 
notice shall be irrevocable), at their Early Redemption Amount (Tax), together with interest 
accrued (if any) to the date fixed for redemption, if: 
(A) the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay additional amounts as provided or referred to 
in Condition 9 (Taxation) as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws or 
regulations of Italy or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having 
power to tax, or any change in the application or official interpretation of such laws or 
regulations (including a holding by a court of competent jurisdiction), which change or 
amendment becomes effective on or after the date of issue of the first Tranche of the 
Covered Bonds; and  
(B) such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures available to it, 
provided, however, that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than: 
1. 
where the Covered Bonds may be redeemed at any time, 90 days prior to the earliest date 
on which the Issuer would be obliged to pay such additional amounts if a payment in 
respect of the Covered Bonds were then due; or 
2. 
where the Covered Bonds may be redeemed only on an CB Payment Date, 60 days prior 
to the CB Payment Date occurring immediately before the earliest date on which the

--- Page 115 ---
115 
Issuer would be obliged to pay such additional amounts if a payment in respect of the 
Covered Bonds were then due. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this paragraph, the Issuer shall 
deliver to the Issuer Paying Agent or the Guarantor Paying Agent, as the case may be, with a 
copy to the Luxembourg Listing Agent and the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, (A) 
a certificate signed by two directors of the Issuer stating that the Issuer is entitled to effect such 
redemption and setting forth a statement of facts showing that the conditions precedent to the 
right of the Issuer so to redeem have occurred of and (B) an opinion of independent legal 
advisers of recognised standing to the effect that the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay 
such additional amounts as a result of such change or amendment. Upon the expiry of any such 
notice as is referred to in this Condition 7(c), the Issuer shall be bound to redeem the Covered 
Bonds in accordance with this Condition 7(c). 
(d) 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer 
If the Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, the Covered 
Bonds may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole or, if so specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, in part on any Optional Redemption Date (Call) at the relevant Optional 
Redemption Amount (Call) on the Issuer's giving not less than 15 nor more than 30 days' notice 
to the Covered Bondholders (which notice shall be irrevocable and shall oblige the Issuer to 
redeem the Covered Bonds on the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Call) at the Optional 
Redemption Amount (Call) plus accrued interest (if any) to such date). 
(e) 
Partial redemption and instalment redemption 
If the Covered Bonds are to be redeemed in part only on any date in accordance with Condition 
7(d) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer) or if they are redeemed in instalments pursuant to 
the relevant Final Terms and the Conditions, the Covered Bonds to be redeemed in part shall be 
redeemed in the principal amount specified by the Issuer and the Covered Bonds will be so 
redeemed in accordance with the rules and procedures of Monte Titoli and/or any other Relevant 
Clearing System (to be reflected in the records of such clearing systems as a pool factor or a 
reduction in principal amount, at their discretion), subject to compliance with applicable law, the 
rules of each competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system (if any) by which the 
Covered Bonds have then been admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation. The notice to 
Covered Bondholders referred to in Condition 7(d) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer) shall 
specify the proportion of the Covered Bonds so to be redeemed. If any Maximum Redemption 
Amount or Minimum Redemption Amount is specified in the relevant Final Terms, then the 
Optional Redemption Amount (Call) shall in no event be greater than the maximum or be less 
than the minimum so specified. 
(f) 
Redemption at the option of Covered Bondholders 
If the Put Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, the Issuer 
shall, at the option of any Covered Bondholder redeem such Covered Bonds held by it on 
the Optional Redemption Date (Put) specified in the relevant Put Option Notice at the 
relevant Optional Redemption Amount (Put) together with interest (if any) accrued to such 
date. In order to exercise the option contained in this Condition 7(f), the Covered Bondholder 
must, not less than 15 nor more than 30 days before the relevant Optional Redemption Date 
(Put), deposit with the Issuer Paying Agent or the Guarantor Paying Agent, as the case may be, 
a duly completed Put Option Notice (which notice shall be irrevocable) in the form obtainable 
from the Issuer Paying Agent or the Guarantor Paying Agent, as the case may be. The Issuer

--- Page 116 ---
116 
Paying Agent or the Guarantor Paying Agent, as the case may be, shall deliver a duly 
completed Put Option Receipt to the depositing Covered Bondholder. Once deposited in 
accordance with this Condition 7(f), no duly completed Put Option Notice, may be withdrawn; 
provided, however, that if, prior to the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Put), any Covered 
Bonds become immediately due and payable or, upon due presentation of any such Covered 
Bonds on the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Put), payment of the redemption moneys is 
improperly withheld or refused, the Issuer Paying Agent or the Guarantor Paying Agent, as the 
case may be, shall mail notification thereof to the Covered Bondholder at such address as may 
have been given by such Covered Bondholder in the relevant Put Option Notice and shall hold 
such Covered Bond against surrender of the relevant Put Option Receipt. For so long as any 
outstanding Covered Bonds are held by the Issuer Paying Agent or the Guarantor Paying 
Agent, as the case may be in accordance with this Condition 7(f), the Covered Bondholder and 
not the Issuer Paying Agent or the Guarantor Paying Agent, as the case may be, shall be 
deemed to be the holder of such Covered Bonds for all purposes. 
(g) 
No other redemption 
The Issuer shall not be entitled to redeem the Covered Bonds otherwise than as provided in this 
Condition 7 and as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(h) 
Purchase 
The Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries (other than the Guarantor) may at any time purchase 
Covered Bonds in the open market or otherwise and at any price and any Covered Bonds so 
purchased may be held or resold or may be surrendered in accordance with Condition 7(i) 
(Cancellation). The Guarantor shall not purchase any Covered Bonds at any time. 
(i) 
Cancellation 
All Covered Bonds so redeemed or purchased by the Issuer or any such Subsidiary and 
subsequently surrendered for cancellation shall be cancelled and may not be reissued or resold. 
(j) 
Extension of principal instalments 
If an Extended Instalment Date is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms for a Series 
of Covered Bonds whose principal is payable in instalments and the Issuer has failed to pay an 
Instalment Amount on the applicable Covered Bond Instalment Date specified in the relevant 
Final Terms and the Guarantor or the Calculation Agent on its behalf determines that the 
Guarantor has insufficient moneys available under the relevant Priority of Payments to pay the 
Guaranteed Amounts corresponding to such Instalment Amount in full on the applicable 
Instalment Extension Determination Date, then (subject as provided below), payment by the 
Guarantor under the Covered Bond Guarantee of each of (a) such Instalment Amount and (b) all 
subsequently due and payable Instalment Amounts shall be deferred until the Extended 
Instalment Date provided that no Instalment Amount may be deferred to a date falling after the 
Maturity Date for the relevant Series. 
The Issuer shall confirm to the Issuer Paying Agent or the Guarantor Paying Agent, as the case 
may be, as soon as reasonably practicable and in any event at least four Business Days prior to 
the applicable Covered Bond Instalment Date as to whether payment will or will not be made in 
full of the relevant Instalment Amount on its Covered Bond Instalment Date. Any failure by the 
Issuer to notify the Issuer Paying Agent or the Guarantor Paying Agent, as the case may be, shall 
not affect the validity or effectiveness of the extension.

--- Page 117 ---
117 
The Guarantor or the Calculation Agent on its behalf, shall notify the relevant holders of the 
Covered Bonds (in accordance with Condition 17 (Notices), any relevant Covered Bond Swap 
Counterparty, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders and the Issuer Paying Agent or the 
Guarantor Paying Agent, as the case may be, as soon as reasonably practicable and in any event 
at least three Business Days prior to a Covered Bond Instalment Date of any inability of the 
Guarantor to pay in full the Guaranteed Amounts corresponding to the relevant Instalment 
Amount pursuant to the Covered Bond Guarantee. Any failure by the Guarantor to notify such 
parties shall not affect the validity or effectiveness of the extension nor give rise to any rights in 
any such party. 
In the circumstances outlined above, the Guarantor shall on each CB Payment Date following 
the applicable Instalment Extension Determination Date until the applicable Extended 
Instalment Date, pursuant to the Covered Bond Guarantee, apply the moneys (if any) available 
(after paying or providing for payment of higher ranking or pari passu amounts in accordance 
with the relevant Priority of Payments) pro rata towards payment of an amount equal to the 
relevant Instalment Amount together with interest accrued thereon up to (and including) such 
date. 
Interest will continue to accrue on any unpaid amount during such extended period and shall be 
payable on each CB Payment Date from the relevant Covered Bond Instalment Date until the 
Extended Instalment Date or, if earlier, the date on which the deferred Instalment Amount is 
paid in full. 
Failure by the Issuer to pay the Instalment Amount on its Covered Bond Instalment Date will 
(subject to any applicable grace period) be an Issuer Event of Default. Failure by the Guarantor 
to pay the deferred Instalment Amount on the related Extended Instalment Date will (subject to 
any applicable grace period) be a Guarantor Event of Default. 
Each Instalment Amount may be deferred when due no more than once. At such time, each 
subsequent but not yet due Instalment Amount will also be deferred, so it is possible that an 
Instalment Amount may be deferred more than once but it may never be deferred to a date 
falling after the Extended Maturity Date for the relevant Series. 
(k) 
Redemption due to illegality 
The Covered Bonds of all Series or Tranche may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in 
whole, but not in part, at any time, on giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' notice to 
the Representative of the Covered Bondholders and Issuer Paying Agent or the Guarantor 
Paying Agent, as the case may be, and, in accordance with Condition 17 (Notices), all Covered 
Bondholders (which notice shall be irrevocable), if the Issuer satisfies the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders immediately before the giving of such notice that it has, or will, before the 
next CB Payment Date of any Covered Bond of any Series or Tranche, become unlawful for the 
Issuer to make any payments under the Covered Bonds as a result of any change in, or 
amendment to, the applicable laws or regulations or any change in the application or official 
interpretation of such laws or regulations, which change or amendment has become or will 
become effective before the next such CB Payment Date. 
8. 
Payments 
(a) 
Payments through clearing systems 
Payment of interest and repayment of principal in respect of the Covered Bonds will be credited, 
in accordance with the instructions of Monte Titoli, by the Issuer Paying Agent or the Guarantor

--- Page 118 ---
118 
Paying Agent, as the case may be, on behalf of the Issuer or the Guarantor (as the case may be) 
to the accounts of those banks and authorised brokers whose accounts with Monte Titoli are 
credited with those Covered Bonds and thereafter credited by such banks and authorised brokers 
from such aforementioned accounts to the accounts of the beneficial owners of those Covered 
Bonds or through the Relevant Clearing Systems to the accounts with the Relevant Clearing 
Systems of the beneficial owners of those Covered Bonds, in accordance with the rules and 
procedures of Monte Titoli and of the Relevant Clearing Systems, as the case may be. 
(b) 
Payments subject to fiscal laws 
All payments in respect of the Covered Bonds are subject in all cases to any applicable fiscal or 
other laws and regulations in the place of payment, but without prejudice to the provisions of 
Condition 9 (Taxation). No commissions or expenses shall be charged to Covered Bondholders 
in respect of such payments. 
(c) 
Payments on business days 
If the due date for payment of any amount in respect of any Covered Bond is not a Payment 
Business Day in the Place of Payment, the Covered Bondholder shall not be entitled to payment 
in such place of the amount due until the next succeeding Payment Business Day in such place 
and shall not be entitled to any further interest or other payment in respect of any such delay. 
9. 
Taxation 
(a) 
Gross up by Issuer 
All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Covered Bonds by or on behalf of the 
Issuer shall be made free and clear of, and without withholding or deduction for or on account 
of, any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature 
imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed (i) by or on behalf of the Republic of Italy or 
any political subdivision therein or any authority therein or thereof having power to tax, or (ii) 
pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 
1986 (the “Code”) or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code 
and any regulations or agreements thereunder or official interpretations thereof (“FATCA”) 
unless the withholding or deduction of such taxes, duties, assessments, or governmental charges 
is required by law (including pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the 
Code or otherwise imposed pursuant to FATCA). In that event, the Issuer shall pay such 
additional amounts as will result in receipt by the Covered Bondholders after such withholding 
or deduction of such amounts as would have been received by them had no such withholding or 
deduction been required, except that no such additional amounts shall be payable in respect of 
any Covered Bond: 
(i) 
in relation to any payment or deduction of any interest or principal on account of imposta 
sostitutiva pursuant to Decree No. 239, as amended from time to time with respect to any 
Covered Bonds and in all circumstances in which the procedures set forth in Decree No. 
239 have not been met or complied with except where such procedures have not been met 
or complied with due to the actions or omissions of the Issuer or its agents; or 
(ii) where such withholding or deduction is required pursuant to Law Decree No. 512 of 30 
September 1983, as amended or supplemented from time to time; or 
(iii) in the event of payment to a non-Italian resident legal entity or a non-Italian resident 
individual, to the extent that interest or any other amount is paid to a non-Italian resident

--- Page 119 ---
119 
legal entity or a non-Italian resident individual which is resident in a country which does 
not allow for a satisfactory exchange of information with the Italian authorities; or 
(iv) where the Covered Bondholder would have been able to lawfully avoid (but has not so 
avoided) such deduction or withholding by complying, or procuring that any third party 
complies, with any statutory requirements; or 
(v) 
held by or on behalf of a Covered Bondholder which is liable to such taxes, duties, 
assessments or governmental charges in respect of such Covered Bonds by reason of its 
having some connection with the jurisdiction by which such taxes, duties, assessments or 
charges have been imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed other than the mere 
holding of the Covered Bonds; or 
(vi) held by or on behalf of a Covered Bondholder who is entitled to avoid such withholding 
or deduction in respect of such Covered Bonds by making a declaration or any other 
statement to the relevant tax authority, including, but not limited to, a declaration of 
residence or non/residence or other similar claim for exemption; or 
(vii) where such withholding is required by FATCA. 
(b) 
Taxing jurisdiction 
If the Issuer becomes subject at any time to any taxing jurisdiction other than the Republic of 
Italy, references in these Conditions to the Republic of Italy shall be construed as references to 
the Republic of Italy and/or such other jurisdiction. For the purposes of this paragraph (b), the 
Issuer will not be considered to become subject to the taxing jurisdiction of the United States 
should the Issuer be required to withhold amounts in respect any withholding tax imposed by 
the United States on any payments the Issuer makes. 
(c) 
No Gross-up by the Guarantor 
If withholding of, or deduction of any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or charges of 
whatever nature is imposed by or on behalf of Italy, any authority therein or thereof having 
power to tax, the Guarantor will make the required withholding or deduction of such taxes, 
duties, assessments or charges for the account of the Covered Bondholders, as the case may be, 
and shall not be obliged to pay any additional amounts to the Covered Bondholders. 
10. 
Events of Default 
(a) 
Issuer Events of Default 
If any of the following events (each, an "Issuer Event of Default") occurs and is continuing: 
(i) 
Non payment: failure by the Issuer to pay any amount of interest and/or principal due and 
payable on the Covered Bonds of any Series or Tranche at their relevant Guarantor 
Payment Date and such breach is not remedied within the next 15 Business Days, in case 
of amounts of interest, or 20 Business Days (other than in case of non payment at the 
Maturity Date), in case of amounts of principal, as the case may be; or 
(ii) Breach of other obligation: breach by the Issuer of any material obligations under or in 
respect of the Covered Bonds (of any Series or Tranche outstanding) or any of the 
Transaction Documents to which it is a party (other than any obligation for the payment 
of principal or interest on the Covered Bonds and/or any obligation to ensure compliance 
of the Cover Pool with the Statutory Tests), (except where, in the sole opinion of the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders, such default is not capable of remedy in

--- Page 120 ---
120 
which case no notice will be required), and such failure remains unremedied for 30 days 
after the Representative of the Covered Bondholders has given written notice thereof to 
the Issuer, certifying that such failure is, in its opinion, materially prejudicial to the 
interests of the Covered Bondholders and specifying whether or not such failure is 
capable of remedy; or  
(iii) Cross Default: any of the events described in paragraphs (i) to (ii) above occurs in respect 
of any other Series of Covered Bonds; or 
(iv) Insolvency: an Insolvency Event of the Issuer (other than, for the avoidance of doubt, 
resolution (risoluzione) and “misure di intervento precoce”) has occurred; or 
(v) 
Article 74: an Article 74 Event has occurred (as defined below); or 
(vi) Cessation of business: the Issuer ceases to carry on its primary business (because of the 
loss of its banking license or otherwise); or 
(vii) Breach of Tests: if, following the delivery of a Breach of Test Notice, the Statutory Tests 
and the Asset Coverage Test are not met at, or prior to, the next Test Calculation Date 
unless the Representative of the Covered Bondholders or the Meeting of the Organisation 
of the Covered Bondholders resolves otherwise, 
then the Representative of the Covered Bondholders may, at its sole discretion, or shall, if so 
directed by an Extraordinary Resolution, serve a written notice (the “Notice to Pay”) on the 
Issuer and the Guarantor declaring that an Issuer Event of Default has occurred (specifying, in 
case of an Article 74 Event that the Issuer Event of Default may be temporary). 
(b) 
Effect of a Notice to Pay: 
Upon service of a Notice to Pay upon the Issuer and the Guarantor: 
(a) 
each Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds will accelerate against the Issuer and 
they will rank pari passu amongst themselves against the Issuer, provided that  
(A) 
such events shall not trigger an acceleration against the Guarantor, and 
(B) 
in accordance with Article 7-quaterdecies, Paragraph 3, of Law 130 and 
pursuant to the relevant provisions of the Transaction Documents, the 
Guarantor shall be solely responsible for the exercise of the rights of the 
Covered Bondholders vis-à-vis the Issuer; 
(b) 
the Guarantor will pay any amounts due under the Covered Bonds in accordance 
with the provisions of the Covered Bond Guarantee; 
(c) 
the Statutory Tests  and the verification of the Liquidity Buffer Target Amount 
shall continue to be applied and the Amortisation Test and the Minimum OC 
Requirement shall be also applied; 
(d) 
the Guarantor shall (only if necessary in order to timely effect any payments due 
under the Covered Bonds) direct the Servicer to sell assets included in the Cover Pool 
Receivables in accordance with the provisions of the Cover Pool Administration 
Agreement; 
(e) 
no further payments to the Seller under the Subordinated Loan Agreement shall 
be effected until all Covered Bonds are fully repaid or an amount equal to the Required 
Redemption Amount for each Series of Covered Bonds outstanding has been 
accumulated;

--- Page 121 ---
121 
(f) 
no further Eligible Assets and/or Integration Assets and/or Liquid Assets shall be 
transferred from the Seller to the Guarantor pursuant to Clause 2.3.2 and 2.3.3 of the 
Master Transfer Agreement; 
(g) 
no further Covered Bonds will be issued, 
provided that, in case of Article 74 Event, the effects listed in items from (a) to (c) above will 
only apply during the Suspension Period. Accordingly (A) the Guarantor, in accordance with 
Law 130, shall be responsible for the payments of the amounts due and payable under the 
Covered Bonds during the Suspension Period and (B) at the end of the Suspension Period, the 
Issuer shall be again responsible for meeting the payment obligations under the Covered 
Bonds. The Suspension Period shall end upon delivery by the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders of an Article 74 Event Cure Notice.  
(c) 
Issuer cross-default 
Neither an event of default in respect of any other indebtedness of the Issuer (including other 
debt securities of the Issuer) nor acceleration of such indebtedness will of itself give rise to 
an Issuer Event of Default. In addition, an Issuer Event of Default will not automatically give 
rise to a Guarantor Event of Default, provided however that, where a Guarantor Event of 
Default occurs and the Representative of the Covered Bondholders serves an Acceleration 
Notice upon the Guarantor, such Acceleration Notice will accelerate each Series of 
outstanding Covered Bonds issued under the Programme. 
(d) 
Guarantor Events of Default 
Following an Issuer Event of Default and the service of a Notice to Pay, if any of the following 
events (each, a "Guarantor Event of Default") occurs and is continuing: 
(i) 
Non-payment: failure by the Guarantor to pay any interest and/or principal due and 
payable under the Covered Bond Guarantee and such breach is not remedied within the 
next following 15 Business Days, in case of amounts of interests, or 20 Business Days, 
in case of amounts of principal, as the case may be, , it being understood that, for the 
avoidance of doubt, with reference to the failure by the Guarantor to pay any principal 
due at the Maturity Date, no Guarantor Event of Default shall occur should an 
Extended Maturity Date have been specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms; 
or 
(ii) 
Breach of Amortisation Test: breach of the Amortisation Test on any Test Calculation 
Date (provided that, in case of an Issuer Event of Default consisting in an Article 74 
Event, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders has not delivered an Article 74 
Event Cure Notice); or 
(iii) 
Breach of other obligation: breach by the Guarantor of any material obligations under 
or in respect of the Covered Bonds (of any Series or Tranche outstanding) or any of 
the Transaction Documents to which it is a party (other than any obligation for the 
payment of principal or interest on the Covered Bonds and/or any obligation to ensure 
compliance of the Cover Pool with the Tests), (except where, in the sole opinion of the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders, such default is not capable of remedy in 
which case no notice will be required), and such failure remains unremedied for 30 
days after the Representative of the Covered Bondholders has given written notice 
thereof to the Issuer, certifying that such failure is, in its opinion, materially prejudicial

--- Page 122 ---
122 
to the interests of the Covered Bondholders and specifying whether or not such failure 
is capable of remedy; or 
(iv) 
Insolvency: an Insolvency Event occurs with respect to the Guarantor; or 
(v) 
Invalidity of the Covered Bond Guarantee: the Covered Bond Guarantee is not in full 
force and effect or it is claimed by the Guarantor not to be in full force and effect, 
then the Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall serve a notice on the Guarantor (the 
“Acceleration Notice”) that a Guarantor Event of Default has occurred, unless an 
Extraordinary Resolution is passed resolving otherwise. 
(e) 
Effect of an Acceleration Notice: 
Upon service of an Acceleration Notice upon the Guarantor: 
(i) 
Acceleration of Covered Bonds: the Covered Bonds shall become immediately 
due and payable at their Early Termination Amount together, if appropriate, 
with any accrued interest and will rank pari passu among themselves in 
accordance with Post-Guarantor Event of Default Priority of Payments; 
(ii) 
Covered Bond Guarantee: subject to and in accordance with the terms of the 
Covered Bond Guarantee, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, on 
behalf of the Covered Bondholders, shall have a claim against the Guarantor for 
an amount equal to the Early Redemption Amount, together with accrued 
interest and any other amount due under the Covered Bonds (other than 
additional amounts payable under Condition 9(a) (Gross up)) in accordance 
with the Priority of Payments; 
(iii) 
Disposal of assets: the Guarantor shall immediately sell all assets included in 
the Cover Pool in accordance with the provisions of the Cover Pool 
Administration Agreement; and 
(iv) 
Enforcement: the Representative of the Covered Bondholders may, at its 
discretion and without further notice subject to having been indemnified and/or 
secured to its satisfaction, take such steps and/or institute such proceedings 
against the Issuer or the Guarantor (as the case may be) as it may think fit to 
enforce such payments, but it shall not be bound to take any such proceedings or 
steps unless requested or authorised by a Programme Resolution of the Covered 
Bondholders; 
(v) 
No further purchase: no further Eligible Assets, Integration Assets and/or 
Liquid Assets shall be transferred from the Seller to the Guarantor pursuant to 
the Master Transfer Agreement. 
(f) 
Guarantor cross-default 
Where a Guarantor Event of Default occurs, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders 
will serve on the Guarantor an Acceleration Notice, thereby accelerating the Covered Bond 
Guarantee in respect of each Series of outstanding Covered Bonds issued under the Programme. 
However, an Issuer Event of Default will not automatically give rise to a Guarantor Event of 
Default. 
(g) 
Certificates to be final

--- Page 123 ---
123 
All notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, calculations, quotations and decisions 
given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of this Condition 10 by the Representative 
of the Covered Bondholders shall (in the absence of fraud (frode), gross negligence (colpa 
grave) or wilful default (dolo)) be binding on the Issuer, the Guarantor and all Covered 
Bondholders and (in such absence as aforesaid) no liability to the Covered Bondholders, the 
Issuer or the Guarantor shall attach to the Representative of the Covered Bondholders in 
connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions 
hereunder. 
11. 
Prescription 
Claims for payment under the Covered Bonds shall become void unless made within ten years 
(in respect of principal) or five years (in respect of interest) from the due date thereof. 
12. 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders 
(a) 
Organisation of the Covered Bondholders: 
The Organisation of the Covered Bondholders shall be established upon, and by virtue of, the 
issuance of the first Series of Covered Bonds under the Programme and shall remain in force 
and in effect until repayment in full or cancellation of the Covered Bonds of any Series. 
Pursuant to the Rules of the Organisation of the Covered Bondholders, for as long as the 
Covered Bonds are outstanding, there shall at all times be a Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders. The appointment of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders as legal 
representative of the Organisation of the Covered Bondholders is made by the Covered 
Bondholders subject to and in accordance with the Rules of the Organisation of the Covered 
Bondholders. 
(b) 
Initial appointment 
In the Programme Agreement, the Relevant Dealer(s) has or have appointed the Representative 
of the Covered Bondholders to perform the activities described in the Programme Agreement, 
in these Conditions (including the Rules of the Organisation of Covered Bondholders), in the 
Intercreditor Agreement, in the Mandate Agreement and in the other Programme Documents, 
and the Representative of the Covered Bondholders has accepted such appointment for the 
period commencing on the Issue Date of the first Series of Covered Bonds and ending (subject 
to early termination of its appointment) on the date on which all of the Covered Bonds have 
been cancelled or redeemed in accordance with these Conditions and the relevant Final Terms. 
(c) 
Acknowledgment by Covered Bondholders 
Each Covered Bondholder, by reason of holding Covered Bonds: 
(i) 
recognises the Representative of the Covered Bondholders as its representative and (to 
the fullest extent permitted by law) agrees to be bound by any agreement entered into 
from time to time by the Representative of the Covered Bondholders in such capacity 
as if such Covered Bondholder were a signatory thereto; and 
(ii) 
acknowledges and accepts that the Relevant Dealer(s) shall not be liable in respect of 
any loss, liability, claim, expenses or damage suffered or incurred by any of the 
Covered Bondholders as a result of the performance by the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders of its duties or the exercise of any of its rights under the 
Programme Documents. 
14. 
Agents

--- Page 124 ---
124 
In acting under the Cash Management and Agency Agreement and in connection with the 
Covered Bonds, the Issuer Paying Agent or the Guarantor Paying Agent, as the case may be, 
acts solely as an agent of the Issuer and, following service of a Notice to Pay or an Acceleration 
Notice, as an agent of the Guarantor and does not assume any obligations towards or 
relationship of agency or trust for or with any of the Covered Bondholders. 
The Issuer Paying Agent or the Guarantor Paying Agent, as the case may be, and its initial 
Specified Offices are set out in these Conditions. The Calculation Agent (if not the Issuer 
Paying Agent or the Guarantor Paying Agent, as the case may be or) is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms. The Issuer and the Guarantor reserve the right at any time to vary or terminate the 
appointment of the Issuer Paying Agent or the Guarantor Paying Agent, as the case may be, and 
to appoint a successor Issuer Paying Agent or the Guarantor Paying Agent, as the case may be, 
or the Calculation Agent, provided, however, that: 
(i) 
the Issuer and the Guarantor shall at all times maintain an Issuer Paying Agent or a 
Guarantor Paying Agent, as the case may be; and 
(ii) 
if a Calculation Agent is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer and the 
Guarantor shall at all times maintain a Calculation Agent; and 
(iii) 
if and for so long as the Covered Bonds are admitted to listing, trading and/or 
quotation by any competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system which 
requires the appointment of a paying agent in any particular place, the Issuer and the 
Guarantor shall maintain a paying agent having its specified office in the place 
required by such competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system. 
Notice of any change in the Issuer Paying Agent or the Guarantor Paying Agent, as the case 
may be or in its Specified Offices shall promptly be given to the Covered Bondholders. 
15. 
Further Issues 
The Issuer may from time to time, without the consent of the Covered Bondholders, create and 
issue further Covered Bonds having the same terms and conditions as the Covered Bonds in all 
respects (or in all respects except for the first payment of interest) so as to form a single series 
with the Covered Bonds. 
16. 
Limited Recourse and Non Petition 
(a) 
Limited Recourse 
The obligations of the Guarantor under the Covered Bond Guarantee constitute direct and 
unconditional, unsubordinated and limited recourse obligations of the Guarantor, collateralised 
by the Cover Pool as provided under the Covered Bond Regulations. The recourse of the 
Covered Bondholders to the Guarantor under the Covered Bond Guarantee will be limited to 
the assets comprised in the Cover Pool subject to, and in accordance with, the relevant Priority 
of Payments pursuant to which specified payments will be made to other parties prior to 
payments to the Covered Bondholders. 
(b) 
Non Petition 
Only the Representative of the Covered Bondholders may pursue the remedies available under 
the general law or under the Programme Documents to obtain payment of the Guaranteed 
Amounts or enforce the Covered Bond Guarantee and/or the Security and no Covered 
Bondholder shall be entitled to proceed directly against the Guarantor to obtain payment of the

--- Page 125 ---
125 
Guaranteed Amounts or to enforce the Covered Bond Guarantee and/or the Security. In 
particular: 
(i) 
no Covered Bondholder (nor any person on its behalf) is entitled, otherwise than as 
permitted by the Programme Documents, to direct the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders to enforce the Covered Bond Guarantee and/or the Security or (except for 
the Representative of the Covered Bondholders) take any proceedings against the 
Guarantor to enforce the Covered Bond Guarantee and/or the Security; 
(ii) 
no Covered Bondholder (nor any person on its behalf, other than the Representative of 
the Covered Bondholders, where appropriate) shall, save as expressly permitted by the 
Programme Documents, have the right to take or join any person in taking any steps 
against the Guarantor for the purpose of obtaining payment of any amount due from 
the Guarantor; 
(iii) 
at least until the date falling one year and one day after the date on which all Series of 
Covered Bonds issued in the context of the Programme have been cancelled or 
redeemed in full in accordance with their Final Terms together with any payments 
payable in priority or pari passu thereto, no Covered Bondholder (nor any person on 
its behalf, other than the Representative of the Covered Bondholders) shall initiate or 
join any person in initiating an Insolvency Event in relation to the Guarantor; and 
(iv) 
no Covered Bondholder shall be entitled to take or join in the taking of any corporate 
action, legal proceedings or other procedure or step which would result in the Priorities 
of Payments not being complied with. 
17. 
Notices 
(a) 
Notices given through Monte Titoli 
Any notice regarding the Covered Bonds, as long as the Covered Bonds are held through 
Monte Titoli, shall be deemed to have been duly given if given through the systems of Monte 
Titoli. 
(b) 
Notices through Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
Any notice regarding the Covered Bonds, as long as the Covered Bonds are admitted to trading 
on the regulated market or on the Professional Segment of the regulated market of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange and the rules of such exchange so require, shall be deemed to 
have been duly given if published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
(www.luxse.com). Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given on the date of such 
publication or, if published more than once or on different dates, on the first date on which 
publication in made in accordance with the rules and regulation of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange. 
(c) 
Other publication 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall be at liberty to sanction any other 
method of giving notice to Covered Bondholders if, in its sole opinion, such other method is 
reasonable having regard to market practice then prevailing and to the rules of the competent 
authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system by which the Covered Bonds are then 
admitted to trading and provided that notice of such other method is given to the holders of the 
Covered Bonds in such manner as the Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall 
require.

--- Page 126 ---
126 
18. 
Rounding 
For the purposes of any calculations referred to in these Conditions (unless otherwise specified 
in these Conditions or the relevant Final Terms), (a) all percentages resulting from such 
calculations will be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a 
percentage point (with 0.000005 per cent. being rounded up to 0.00001 per cent.), (b) all 
United States dollar amounts used in or resulting from such calculations will be rounded to the 
nearest cent (with one half cent being rounded up), (c) all Japanese Yen amounts used in or 
resulting from such calculations will be rounded downwards to the next lower whole Japanese 
Yen amount, and (d) all amounts denominated in any other currency used in or resulting from 
such calculations will be rounded to the nearest two decimal places in such currency, with 
0.005 being rounded upwards. 
19. 
Governing Law and Jurisdiction 
(a) 
Governing law 
These Covered Bonds and any non-contractual obligations arising out of, or in connection, 
thereof are governed by Italian law. All other Programme Documents and any non-contractual 
obligations arising out of, or in connection, thereof are governed by Italian law, save for the 
Swap Agreements, which are governed by English law. 
(b) 
Jurisdiction 
The courts of Milan have exclusive competence for the resolution of any dispute that may arise 
in relation to the Covered Bonds or their validity, interpretation or performance. 
(c) 
Relevant legislation 
Anything not expressly provided for in these Conditions will be governed by the provisions of 
the Covered Bond Regulations and, if applicable, Article 58 of the Banking Law.

--- Page 127 ---
127 
 
RULES OF THE ORGANISATION OF THE COVERED BONDHOLDERS 
TITLE I 
GENERAL PROVISIONS 
1. 
GENERAL 
1.1. 
The Organisation of the Covered Bondholders in respect of all Covered Bonds of whatever 
Series issued under the Programme by Banca Popolare dell’Alto Adige S.p.A. is created 
concurrently with the issue and subscription of the Covered Bonds of the first Series to be issued 
and is governed by these Rules of the Organisation of the Covered Bondholders ("Rules"). 
1.2. 
These Rules shall remain in force and effect until full repayment or cancellation of all the 
Covered Bonds of whatever Series. 
1.3. 
The contents of these Rules are deemed to be an integral part of the Terms and Conditions of the 
Covered Bonds (the "Conditions") of each Series issued by the Issuer. 
2. 
DEFINITIONS AND INTERPRETATION 
2.1. 
Definitions 
In these Rules, the terms below shall have the following meanings: 
"Block Voting Instruction" means, in relation to a Meeting, a document issued by the Issuer 
Paying Agent or the Guarantor Paying Agent, as the case may be: 
(a) 
certifying that specified Covered Bonds are held to the order of the Issuer Paying Agent 
or the Guarantor Paying Agent, as the case may be, or under its control or have been 
blocked in an account with a clearing system and will not be released until a the earlier 
of: 
(i) 
a specified date which falls after the conclusion of the Meeting; and 
(ii) 
the surrender to the Issuer Paying Agent or the Guarantor Paying Agent, as the 
case may be, which is to be issued not less than 48 hours before the time fixed for 
the Meeting (or, if the meeting has been adjourned, the time fixed for its 
resumption), of confirmation that the Covered Bonds are Blocked Covered Bonds 
and notification of the release thereof by the Issuer Paying Agent or the 
Guarantor Paying Agent, as the case may be, to the Issuer and Representative of 
the Covered Bondholders certifying that the Holder of the relevant Blocked 
Covered Bonds or a duly authorised person on its behalf has notified the Issuer 
Paying Agent or the Guarantor Paying Agent, as the case may be, that the votes 
attributable to such Covered Bonds are to be cast in a particular way on each 
resolution to be put to the Meeting and that during the period of 48 hours before 
the time fixed for the Meeting such instructions may not be amended or revoked; 
(b) 
listing the aggregate principal amount of such specified Blocked Covered Bonds, 
distinguishing between those amounts in respect of which instructions have been given 
to vote for, and against, each resolution; and 
(c) 
authorising a named individual to vote in accordance with such instructions; 
"Blocked Covered Bonds" means Covered Bonds which have been blocked in an account with 
a clearing system or otherwise are held to the order of or under the control of the Issuer Paying

--- Page 128 ---
128 
Agent or the Guarantor Paying Agent, as the case may be, for the purpose of obtaining from the 
Issuer Paying Agent or the Guarantor Paying Agent, as the case may be, a Block Voting 
Instruction or a Voting Certificate on terms that they will not be released until after the 
conclusion of the Meeting in respect of which the Block Voting Instruction or Voting 
Certificate is required; 
"Chairman" means, in relation to any Meeting, the person who takes the chair in accordance 
with Article 8 (Chairman of the Meeting) of the Rules of the Organisation of the Covered 
Bondholders; 
"Cover Pool" has the meaning given to it in the Master Definitions Agreement.  
"Event of Default" means an Issuer Event of Default or a Guarantor Event of Default; 
"Extraordinary Resolution" means a resolution passed at a Meeting, duly convened and held 
in accordance with the provisions contained in these Rules by a majority of not less than three 
quarters of the votes cast. 
"Holder" or "holder" means in respect of Covered Bonds, the ultimate owner of such 
Covered Bonds. 
"Liabilities" means losses, liabilities, inconvenience, costs, expenses, damages, claims, actions 
or demands. 
"Meeting" means a meeting of Covered Bondholders (whether originally convened or resumed 
following an adjournment.) 
"Monte Titoli Account Holder" means any authorised financial intermediary institution 
entitled to hold accounts on behalf of its customers with Monte Titoli (as intermediari aderenti) 
in accordance with Article 83-quarter of the Financial Law. 
"Ordinary Resolution" means any resolution passed at a Meeting, duly convened and held in 
accordance with the provisions contained in these Rules by a majority of more than 50 per cent. 
of the votes cast. 
"Programme Resolution" means an Extraordinary Resolution passed at a single meeting of the 
Covered Bondholders of all Series, duly convened and held in accordance with the provisions 
contained in these Rules to direct the Representative of the Covered Bondholders to take action: 
(i) pursuant to Condition 10(d)(iii) (Guarantor Event of Default – Breach of other obligation), 
or (ii) pursuant to Condition 10(e)(iv) (Effect of an Acceleration Notice – Enforcement) or (iii) 
to appoint or remove the Representative of the Covered Bondholders pursuant to Article 26 
(Appointment, Removal and Remuneration) of the Rules of the Organisation of the Covered 
Bondholders; or (iv) to direct the Representative of the Covered Bondholders to take other 
action stipulated in the Conditions or the Programme Documents as requiring a Programme 
Resolution. 
"Proxy" means a person appointed to vote under a Voting Certificate as a proxy or a person 
appointed to vote under a Block Voting Instruction, in each case other than: 
(a) 
any person whose appointment has been revoked and in relation to whom the Issuer 
Paying Agent or the Guarantor Paying Agent, as the case may be, or, in the case of a 
proxy appointed under a Voting Certificate, the Issuer has been notified in writing of 
such revocation by the time which is 48 hours before the time fixed for the relevant 
Meeting; and

--- Page 129 ---
129 
(b) 
any person appointed to vote at a Meeting which has been adjourned for want of a 
quorum and who has not been reappointed to vote at the Meeting when it is resumed; 
"Resolutions" means the Ordinary Resolutions, the Extraordinary Resolutions and the 
Programme Resolutions, collectively; 
"Swap Rate" means, in relation to a Covered Bond or Series of Covered Bonds, the exchange 
rate specified in any Swap Agreement relating to such Covered Bond or Series of Covered 
Bonds or, if there is no exchange rate specified or if the Swap Agreement has terminated, the 
applicable spot rate; 
"Transaction Party" means any person who is a party to a Programme Document; 
"Voter" means, in relation to a Meeting, the Holder or a Proxy named in a Voting Certificate, 
the bearer of a Voting Certificate issued by the Issuer Paying Agent or the Guarantor Paying 
Agent, as the case may be, or a Proxy named in a Block Voting Instruction; 
"Voting Certificate" means, in relation to any Meeting: 
(a) 
a certificate issued by a Monte Titoli Account Holder in accordance with the regulation 
issued by the Bank of Italy and the CONSOB on 13 August 2018, as subsequently 
amended and supplemented; or 
(b) 
a certificate issued by the Issuer Paying Agent or the Guarantor Paying Agent, as the 
case may be, stating: 
(i) 
that Blocked Covered Bonds will not be released until the earlier of: 
(A) 
a specified date which falls after the conclusion of the Meeting; and 
(B) 
the surrender of such certificate to the Issuer Paying Agent or the 
Guarantor Paying Agent, as the case may be; and 
(ii) the bearer of the certificate is entitled to attend and vote at such Meeting in 
respect of such Blocked Covered Bonds; 
"Written Resolution" means a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of one or more 
persons being or representing the holders of at least 75 per cent of the Outstanding Principal 
Amount of the Covered Bonds for the time being outstanding, the holders of which at any 
relevant time are entitled to participate in a Meeting in accordance with the provisions of these 
Rules, whether contained in one document or several documents in the same form, each signed 
by or on behalf of one or more of such Covered Bondholders; 
"24 hours" means a period of 24 hours including all or part of a day on which banks are open 
for business both in the place where any relevant Meeting is to be held and the places where the 
Issuer Paying Agent has its Specified Office; and 
"48 hours" means two consecutive periods of 24 hours. 
Unless otherwise provided in these Rules, or unless the context requires otherwise, words and 
expressions used in these Rules shall have the meanings and the construction ascribed to them 
in the Conditions to which these Rules are attached. 
2.2. 
Interpretation  
In these Rules:

--- Page 130 ---
130 
2.2.1. any reference herein to an "Article" shall, except where expressly provided to the 
contrary, be a reference to an article of these Rules of the Organisation of the Covered 
Bondholders; 
2.2.2. a "successor" of any party shall be construed so as to include an assignee or successor 
in title of such party and any person who under the laws of the jurisdiction of 
incorporation or domicile of such party has assumed the rights and obligations of such 
party under any Programme Document or to which, under such laws, such rights and 
obligations have been transferred; and 
2.2.3. any reference to any Transaction Party shall be construed so as to include its and any 
subsequent successors and transferees in accordance with their respective interests. 
2.3. 
Separate Series 
Subject to the provisions of the next sentence, the Covered Bonds of each Series shall form a 
separate Series of Covered Bonds and accordingly, unless for any purpose the Representative of 
the Covered Bondholders in its absolute discretion shall otherwise determine, the provisions of 
this sentence and of Articles 3 (Purpose of the Organisation) to 24 (Meetings and Separate 
Series) and Articles 28 (Duties and Powers of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders) 
to 36 (Powers to Act on behalf of the Guarantor) shall apply mutatis mutandis separately and 
independently to the Covered Bonds of each Series. However, for the purposes of this Clause 
2.3: 
2.3.1. Articles 26 (Appointment, Removal and Resignation) and 27 (Resignation of the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders); and 
2.3.2. insofar as they relate to a Programme Resolution, Articles 3 (Purpose of the 
Organisation) to 24 (Meetings and Separate Series) and 28 (Duties and Powers of the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders) to 36 (Powers to Act on behalf of the 
Guarantor),  
the Covered Bonds shall be deemed to constitute a single Series and the provisions of such 
Articles shall apply to all the Covered Bonds together as if they constituted a single Series and, 
in such Articles, the expressions "Covered Bonds" and "Covered Bondholders" shall be 
construed accordingly. 
3. 
PURPOSE OF THE ORGANISATION 
3.1. 
Each Covered Bondholder, whatever Series of the Covered Bonds he holds, is a member of the 
Organisation of the Covered Bondholders. 
3.2. 
The purpose of the Organisation of the Covered Bondholders is to co-ordinate the exercise of the 
rights of the Covered Bondholders and, more generally, to take any action necessary or desirable 
to protect the interest of the Covered Bondholders. 
TITLE II 
MEETINGS OF THE COVERED BONDHOLDERS 
4. 
VOTING CERTIFICATES AND BLOCK VOTING INSTRUCTIONS 
4.1. 
A Covered Bondholder may obtain a Voting Certificate in respect of a Meeting by requesting its 
Monte Titoli Account Holder to issue a certificate in accordance with the regulation issued by 
the Bank of Italy and the CONSOB on 13 August 2018, as subsequently amended and 
supplemented; or

--- Page 131 ---
131 
4.2. 
A Covered Bondholder may also obtain a Voting Certificate from the Issuer Paying Agent or the 
Guarantor Paying Agent, as the case may be, or require the Issuer Paying Agent or the Guarantor 
Paying Agent, as the case may be to issue a Block Voting Instruction by arranging for Covered 
Bonds to be (to the satisfaction of the Issuer Paying Agent or the Guarantor Paying Agent, as the 
case may be) held to its order or under its control or blocked in an account in a clearing system 
(other than Monte Titoli) not later than 48 hours before the time fixed for the relevant Meeting. 
4.3. 
A Voting Certificate or Block Voting Instruction issued pursuant to this Article 4 shall be valid 
until the release of the Blocked Covered Bonds to which it relates. 
4.4. 
So long as a Voting Certificate or Block Voting Instruction is valid, the person named therein as 
Holder or Proxy (in the case of a Voting Certificate issued by a Monte Titoli Account Holder), 
the bearer thereof (in the case of a Voting Certificate issued by the Issuer Paying Agent or the 
Guarantor Paying Agent, as the case may be), and any Proxy named therein (in the case of a 
Block Voting Instruction issued by the Issuer Paying Agent or the Guarantor Paying Agent, as 
the case may be) shall be deemed to be the Holder of the Covered Bonds to which it relates for 
all purposes in connection with the Meeting to which such Voting Certificate or Block Voting 
Instruction relates. 
4.5. 
A Voting Certificate and a Block Voting Instruction cannot be outstanding simultaneously in 
respect of the same Covered Bonds. 
4.6. 
References to the blocking or release of Covered Bonds shall be construed in accordance with 
the usual practices (including blocking the relevant account) of any Relevant Clearing System. 
5. 
VALIDITY OF BLOCK VOTING INSTRUCTIONS AND VOTING CERTIFICATE 
A Block Voting Instruction or a Voting Certificate shall be valid for the purpose of the 
relevant Meeting only if it is deposited at the Specified Offices of the Issuer Paying Agent, or 
the Guarantor Paying Agent, as the case may be, or at any other place approved by the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders, at least 24 hours before the time fixed for the 
relevant Meeting. If a Block Voting Instruction or a Voting Certificate is not deposited before 
such deadline, it shall not be valid. If the Representative of the Covered Bondholders so 
requires, a notarised (or otherwise acceptable) copy of each Block Voting Instruction and 
satisfactory evidence of the identity of each Proxy named in a Block Voting Instruction or of 
each Holder or Proxy named in a Voting Certificate shall be produced at the Meeting but the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall not be obliged to investigate the validity of 
a Block Voting Instruction or a Voting Certificate or the identity of any Proxy or any holder 
of the Covered Bonds named in a Voting Certificate or a Block Voting Instruction. 
6. 
CONVENING A MEETING 
6.1. 
Convening a Meeting 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders, the Guarantor or the Issuer may and (in 
relation to a meeting for the passing of a Programme Resolution) the Issuer shall upon a 
requisition in writing, signed by the holders of not less than five per cent. of the Outstanding 
Principal Amount of the Covered Bonds for the time being outstanding, convene a meeting of 
the Covered Bondholders and if the Issuer makes default for a period of seven days in 
convening such a meeting upon requisition by the Covered Bondholders the same may be 
convened by the Representative of the Covered Bondholders or the holder proposing the 
requisition. The Representative of the Covered Bondholders may convene a single meeting of 
the holders of Covered Bonds of more than one Series if in the opinion of the Representative of

--- Page 132 ---
132 
the Covered Bondholders there is no conflict between the holders of the Covered Bonds of the 
relevant Series, or separate meetings if in its opinion there is a conflict of interest among the 
holders of the Covered Bonds of the relevant Series, in which event the provisions of this 
Schedule shall apply thereto mutatis mutandis. 
6.2. 
Meetings convened by Issuer 
Whenever the Issuer is about to convene a Meeting, it shall immediately give notice in writing 
to the Representative of the Covered Bondholders specifying the proposed day, time and place 
of the Meeting, and the items to be included in the agenda. 
6.3. 
Time and place of Meetings 
Every Meeting will be held on a date and at a time and place selected or approved by the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders. 
Meetings may be held in case Voters are located in different places and are connected via 
audio-conference or video-conference, provided that: 
a) the Chairman can ascertain and verify the identity and legitimacy of those Voters, 
monitor the Meeting, acknowledge and announce to those Voters the outcome of the 
voting process; 
b) the person drawing up the minutes can clearly hear the meeting events being the 
subject-matter of the minutes; 
c) each Voter attending via audio-conference or video-conference can follow and 
intervene in the discussions and vote the items on the agenda in real time; 
d) the notice of the Meeting expressly states, where applicable, how Voters may obtain the 
information necessary to attend the relevant Meeting via audio-conference and/or 
videoconference equipment. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Meeting is deemed to take place where the Chairman and the 
person drawing up the minutes will be. 
7. 
NOTICE 
7.1. 
Notice of Meeting 
At least 21 days' notice (exclusive of the day notice is delivered and of the day on which the 
relevant Meeting is to be held), specifying the day, time and place of the Meeting, must be 
given to the relevant Covered Bondholders and the Issuer Paying Agent or the Guarantor 
Paying Agent, as the case may be, with a copy to the Issuer and the Guarantor, where the 
Meeting is convened by the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, or with a copy to the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders and the Guarantor, where the Meeting is 
convened by the Issuer. 
7.2. 
Content of notice 
The notice shall set out the full text of any resolution to be proposed at the Meeting unless the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders agrees that the notice shall instead specify the nature 
of the resolution without including the full text and shall state that Voting Certificates for the 
purpose of such Meeting may be obtained from a Monte Titoli Account Holder in accordance 
with the regulation issued by the Bank of Italy and the CONSOB on 13 August 2018, as 
subsequently amended and supplemented, and that for the purpose of obtaining Voting 
Certificates from the Issuer Paying Agent or the Guarantor Paying Agent, as the case may be, or 
appointing Proxies under a Voting Certificate or a Block Voting Instruction, Covered

--- Page 133 ---
133 
Bondholders must (to the satisfaction of the Issuer Paying Agent or the Guarantor Paying Agent, 
as the case may be) be held to the order of or placed under the control of the Issuer Paying Agent 
or the Guarantor Paying Agent, as the case may be, or blocked in an account with a clearing 
system not later than 48 hours before the relevant Meeting. 
7.3. 
Validity notwithstanding lack of notice 
A Meeting is valid notwithstanding that the formalities required by this Article 7 are not 
complied with if the Holders of the Covered Bonds constituting all the Outstanding Principal 
Amount of the Covered Bonds, the Holders of which are entitled to attend and vote are 
represented at such Meeting and the Issuer and the Representative of the Covered Bondholders 
are present. 
8. 
CHAIRMAN OF THE MEETING 
8.1. 
Appointment of Chairman 
An individual (who may, but need not be, a Covered Bondholder), nominated by the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders may take the chair at any Meeting, but if: 
8.1.1. 
the Representative of the Covered Bondholders fails to make a nomination; or 
8.1.2. 
the individual nominated declines to act or is not present within 15 minutes after the 
time fixed for the Meeting, 
the Meeting shall be chaired by the person elected by the majority of the Voters present, failing 
which, the Issuer shall appoint a Chairman. The Chairman of an adjourned Meeting need not be 
the same person as was Chairman at the original Meeting. 
8.2. 
Duties of Chairman 
The Chairman ascertains that the Meeting has been duly convened and validly constituted, 
manages the business of the Meeting, monitors the fairness of proceedings, leads and moderates 
the debate, and determines the mode of voting. 
8.3. 
Assistance to Chairman 
The Chairman may be assisted by outside experts or technical consultants, specifically invited 
to assist in any given matter, and may appoint one or more-vote counters, who are not required 
to be Covered Bondholders. 
9. 
QUORUM 
9.1. 
The quorum at any Meeting will be: 
9.1.1. in the case of an Ordinary Resolution, two or more persons holding or representing at 
least one third of the Outstanding Principal Amount of the Covered Bonds for the 
time being outstanding, the holders of which are entitled to attended and vote or, at an 
adjourned Meeting, two or more persons being or representing Covered Bondholders 
entitled to attend and vote, whatever the Outstanding Principal Amount of the 
Covered Bonds so held or represented; or 
9.1.2. in the case of an Extraordinary Resolution or a Programme Resolution (subject as 
provided below), two or more persons holding or representing at least 50 per cent. of 
the Outstanding Principal Amount of the Covered Bonds for the time being 
outstanding, the holders of which are entitled to attend and vote or, at an adjourned 
Meeting, two or more persons being or representing Covered Bondholders entitled to

--- Page 134 ---
134 
attend and vote, whatever the Outstanding Principal Amount of the Covered Bonds so 
held or represented; or 
9.1.3. at any meeting the business of which includes any of the following matters (other than 
in relation to a Programme Resolution) (each of which shall, subject only to Article 
31.5 (Obligation to act) and Article 32.4 (Obligation to exercise powers), only be 
capable of being effected after having been approved by Extraordinary Resolution) 
namely: 
(a) 
reduction or cancellation of the amount payable or, where applicable, 
modification of the method of calculating the amount payable or modification of 
the date of payment or, where applicable, modification of the method of 
calculating the date of payment in respect of any principal or interest in respect 
of the Covered Bonds; 
(b) 
alteration of the currency in which payments under the Covered Bonds are to be 
made; 
(c) 
alteration of the majority required to pass an Extraordinary Resolution; 
(d) 
any amendment to the Covered Bond Guarantee or the Deeds of Pledge (except 
in a manner determined by the Representative of the Covered Bondholders not 
to be materially prejudicial to the interests of the Covered Bondholders of any 
Series); 
(e) 
the sanctioning of any such scheme or proposal to effect the exchange, 
conversion or substitution of the Covered Bonds for, or the conversion of such 
Covered Bonds into, shares, bonds or other obligations or securities of the Issuer 
or the Guarantor or any other person or body corporate, formed or to be formed; 
and 
(f) 
alteration of this Article 9.1.3; 
(each a "Series Reserved Matter"), the quorum shall be two or more persons being or 
representing holders of not less than two-thirds of the aggregate Outstanding Principal 
Amount of the Covered Bonds of such Series for the time being outstanding or, at any 
adjourned meeting, two or more persons being or representing not less than one-third 
of the aggregate Outstanding Principal Amount of the Covered Bonds of such Series 
for the time being outstanding, provided that, if in respect of any Covered Bonds the 
Issuer Paying Agent or the Guarantor Paying Agent, as the case may be has received 
evidence that 90 (ninety) per cent. of the Outstanding Principal Amount of Covered 
Bonds then outstanding is held by a single Holder and the Voting Certificate or Block 
Voting Instruction so states, then a single Voter appointed in relation thereto or being 
the Holder of the Covered Bonds thereby represented shall be deemed to be two 
Voters for the purpose of forming a quorum. 
10. 
ADJOURNMENT FOR WANT OF QUORUM 
10.1. If a quorum is not present for the transaction of any particular business within 15 minutes after 
the time fixed for any Meeting, then, without prejudice to the transaction of the business (if any) 
for which a quorum is present: 
10.1.1. if such Meeting was convened upon the requisition of Covered Bondholders, the 
Meeting shall be dissolved; and

--- Page 135 ---
135 
10.1.2. in any other case, the Meeting shall be adjourned (i) until such date (which shall be not 
less than 14 days and not more than 42 days later) and to such place as the Chairman 
determines or (ii) on the date and at the place indicated in the notice convening the 
Meeting (if such notice sets out the date and place of any adjourned Meeting); 
provided that, in any case: 
(a) 
a Meeting may be adjourned more than once for want of a quorum; and 
(b) 
the Meeting shall be dissolved if the Issuer and the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders together so decide. 
10.2. If within 15 minutes (or such longer period not exceeding 30 minutes as the Chairman may 
decide) after the time appointed for any adjourned meeting a quorum is not present for the 
transaction of any particular business, then, subject and without prejudice to the transaction of 
the business (if any) for which a quorum is present, the Chairman may either (with the approval 
of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders) dissolve such meeting or adjourn the same 
for such period, being not less than 13 clear days (but without any maximum number of clear 
days), and to such place as may be appointed by the Chairman either at or subsequent to such 
adjourned meeting and approved by the Representative of the Covered Bondholders. 
11. 
ADJOURNED MEETING 
Except as provided in Article 10 (Adjournment for Want of Quorum), the Chairman may, with 
the prior consent of any Meeting, and shall if so directed by any Meeting, adjourn such Meeting 
to another time and place. No business shall be transacted at any adjourned meeting except 
business which might have been transacted at the Meeting from which the adjournment took 
place. 
12. 
NOTICE FOLLOWING ADJOURNMENT  
12.1. Notice required 
Article 7 (Notice) shall apply to any Meeting which is to be resumed after adjournment for lack 
of a quorum except that: 
12.1.1. 10 days' notice (exclusive of the day on which the notice is delivered and of the day on 
which the Meeting is to be resumed) shall be sufficient; and 
12.1.2. the notice shall specifically set out the quorum requirements which will apply when the 
Meeting resumes. 
12.2. Notice not required 
Except in the case of a Meeting to consider an Extraordinary Resolution, it shall not be 
necessary to give notice of resumption of any Meeting adjourned for reasons other than those 
described in Article 10 (Adjournment for Want of Quorum).  
13. 
PARTICIPATION 
The following categories of persons may attend and speak at a Meeting: 
(i) 
Voters; 
(ii) 
the directors and the auditors of the Issuer and the Guarantor; 
(iii) 
representatives of the Issuer, the Guarantor and the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders; 
(iv) 
financial advisers to the Issuer, the Guarantor and the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders;

--- Page 136 ---
136 
(v) 
legal advisers to the Issuer, the Guarantor and the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders; and 
(vi) 
any other person authorised by virtue of a resolution of such Meeting or by the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders. 
14. 
VOTING BY SHOW OF HANDS 
14.1. Every question submitted to a Meeting shall be decided in the first instance by a vote by 
a show of hands. 
14.2. Unless a poll is validly demanded before or at the time that the result is declared, the 
Chairman's declaration that on a show of hands a resolution has been passed or passed by 
a particular majority or rejected, or rejected by a particular majority, shall be conclusive 
without proof of the number of votes cast for, or against, the resolution. 
15. 
VOTING BY POLL  
15.1. Demand for a poll 
A demand for a poll shall be valid if it is made by the Chairman, the Issuer, the Guarantor, 
the Representative of the Covered Bondholders or any one or more-Voters, whatever the 
Outstanding Principal Amount of the Covered Bonds held or represented by such Voter(s). A 
poll may be taken immediately or after such adjournment as is decided by the Chairman, but 
any poll demanded on the election of a Chairman or on any question of adjournment shall be 
taken immediately. A valid demand for a poll shall not prevent the continuation of the 
relevant Meeting for any other business. The result of a poll shall be deemed to be the 
resolution of the Meeting at which the poll was demanded. 
15.2. The Chairman and a poll 
The Chairman sets the conditions for the voting, including for counting and calculating the 
votes, and may set a time limit by which all votes must be cast. Any vote which is not cast in 
compliance with the terms specified by the Chairman shall be null and void. After voting ends, 
the votes shall be counted and, after the counting, the Chairman shall announce to the Meeting 
the outcome of the vote. 
16. 
VOTES 
16.1. Voting 
Each Voter shall have: 
16.1.1. on a show of hands, one vote; and 
16.1.2. on a poll every Voter who is present shall have one vote in respect of each Euro 1,000 
or such other amount as the Representative of the Covered Bondholders may in its 
absolute discretion stipulate (or, in the case of meetings of holders of Covered Bonds 
denominated in another currency, such amount in such other currency as the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders in its absolute discretion may stipulate) in 
the Outstanding Principal Amount of the Covered Bonds it holds or represents. 
16.2. Block Voting Instruction 
Unless the terms of any Block Voting Instruction or Voting Certificate state otherwise in the 
case of a Proxy, a Voter shall not be obliged to exercise all the votes to which such Voter is 
entitled or to cast all the votes he exercises the same way.

--- Page 137 ---
137 
16.3. Voting tie 
In the case of a voting tie, the relevant Resolution shall be deemed to have been rejected. 
17. 
VOTING BY PROXY  
17.1. Validity 
Any vote by a Proxy in accordance with the relevant Block Voting Instruction or Voting 
Certificate appointing a Proxy shall be valid even if such Block Voting Instruction or Voting 
Certificate or any instruction pursuant to which it has been given had been amended or 
revoked provided that none of the Issuer, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders or 
the Chairman has been notified in writing of such amendment or revocation at least 24 hours 
prior to the time set for the relevant Meeting. 
17.2. Adjournment 
Unless revoked, the appointment of a Proxy under a Block Voting Instruction or a Voting 
Certificate in relation to a Meeting shall remain in force in relation to any resumption of such 
Meeting following an adjournment save that no such appointment of a Proxy in relation to a 
meeting originally convened which has been adjourned for want of a quorum shall remain in 
force in relation to such meeting when it is resumed. Any person appointed to vote at such 
Meeting must be re-appointed under a Block Voting Instruction or Voting Certificate to vote at 
the Meeting when it is resumed. 
18. 
RESOLUTIONS  
18.1. Ordinary Resolutions 
Subject to Article 18.2 (Extraordinary Resolutions), a Meeting shall have the following powers 
exercisable by Ordinary Resolution, to: 
18.1.1. grant any authority, order or sanction which, under the provisions of these Rules or of 
the Conditions, is required to be the subject of an Ordinary Resolution or required to be 
the subject of a resolution or determined by a Meeting and not required to be the 
subject of an Extraordinary Resolution; and 
18.1.2. to authorise the Representative of the Covered Bondholders or any other person to 
execute all documents and do all things necessary to give effect to any Ordinary 
Resolution. 
18.2. Extraordinary Resolutions 
A Meeting, in addition to any powers assigned to it in the Conditions, shall have power 
exercisable by Extraordinary Resolution to: 
18.2.1. sanction any compromise or arrangement proposed to be made between the Issuer, the 
Guarantor, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, the Covered Bondholders 
or any of them; 
18.2.2. approve any modification, abrogation, variation or compromise in respect of (a) the 
rights of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, the Issuer, the Guarantor, the 
Covered Bondholders or any of them, whether such rights arise under the Programme 
Documents or otherwise, and (b) these Rules, the Conditions or of any Programme 
Document or any arrangement in respect of the obligations of the Issuer under or in

--- Page 138 ---
138 
respect of the Covered Bonds, which, in any such case, shall be proposed by the Issuer, 
the Representative of the Covered Bondholders and/or any other party thereto; 
18.2.3. assent to any modification of the provisions of these Rules or the Programme 
Documents which shall be proposed by the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Representative of 
the Covered Bondholders or of any Covered Bondholder; 
18.2.4. direct the Representative of the Covered Bondholders to issue a Notice to Pay as a 
result of an Event of Default pursuant to Condition 10(a) (Issuer Event of Default) or 
an Acceleration Notice as a result of a Guarantor Event of Default pursuant to 
Condition 10(d) (Guarantor Events of Default); 
18.2.5. discharge or exonerate, whether retrospectively or otherwise, the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders from any Liability in relation to any act or omission for which 
the Representative of the Covered Bondholders has or may become liable pursuant or 
in relation to these Rules, the Conditions or any other Programme Document; 
18.2.6. waive any breach or authorise any proposed breach by the Issuer, the Guarantor or (if 
relevant) any other Transaction Party of its obligations under or in respect of these 
Rules, the Covered Bonds or any other Programme Document or any act or omission 
which might otherwise constitute an Event of Default; 
18.2.7. grant any authority, order or sanction which, under the provisions of these Rules or of 
the Conditions, must be granted by an Extraordinary Resolution; 
18.2.8. authorise and ratify the actions of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders in 
compliance with these Rules, the Intercreditor Agreement and any other Programme 
Document; 
18.2.9. to appoint any persons (whether Covered Bondholders or not) as a committee to 
represent the interests of the Covered Bondholders and to confer on any such 
committee any powers which the Covered Bondholders could themselves exercise by 
Extraordinary Resolution; and 
18.2.10. authorise the Representative of the Covered Bondholders or any other person to 
execute all documents and do all things necessary to give effect to any Extraordinary 
Resolution. 
18.3. Programme Resolutions 
A Meeting shall have power exercisable by a Programme Resolution to direct the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders to take action (i) pursuant to Condition 10(d)(iii) 
(Guarantor Event of Default – Breach of other obligation) or (ii) pursuant to Condition 
10(e)(iv) (Effect of an Acceleration Notice – Enforcement) or (iii) to appoint or remove the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders pursuant to Article 26 (Appointment, Removal and 
Remuneration) or (iv) to take any other action required by the Conditions or any Programme 
Documents to be taken by Programme Resolution. 
18.4. Other Series of Covered Bonds 
No Ordinary Resolution or Extraordinary Resolution other than a Programme Resolution that is 
passed by the Holders of one Series of Covered Bonds shall be effective in respect of another 
Series of Covered Bonds unless it is sanctioned by an Ordinary Resolution or Extraordinary 
Resolution (as the case may be) of the Holders of Covered Bonds then outstanding of that other 
Series.

--- Page 139 ---
139 
19. 
EFFECT OF RESOLUTIONS  
19.1. Binding nature 
Subject to Article 18.4 (Other Series of Covered Bonds), any resolution passed at a Meeting of 
the Covered Bondholders of any Series duly convened and held in accordance with these Rules 
shall be binding upon all Covered Bondholders of any such Series, whether or not present at 
such Meeting and or not voting. A Programme Resolution passed at any Meeting of the holders 
of the Covered Bonds of all Series shall be binding on all holders of the Covered Bonds of all 
Series, whether or not present at the meeting. 
19.2. Notice of voting results 
Notice of the results of every vote on a resolution duly considered by Covered Bondholders 
shall be published (at the cost of the Issuer) in accordance with the Conditions and given to 
the Issuer Paying Agent or the Guarantor Paying Agent, as the case may be (with a copy to 
the Issuer, the Guarantor and the Representative of the Covered Bondholders within 14 days 
of the conclusion of each Meeting). 
20. 
CHALLENGE TO RESOLUTIONS 
Any absent or dissenting Covered Bondholder has the right to challenge Resolutions which are 
not passed in compliance with the provisions of these Rules. 
21. 
MINUTES 
Minutes shall be made of all resolutions and proceedings of each Meeting and entered in books 
provided by the Issuer for that purpose. The Minutes shall be signed by the Chairman and shall 
be prima facie evidence of the proceedings therein recorded. Unless and until the contrary is 
proved, every Meeting in respect of which minutes have been signed by the Chairman shall be 
regarded as having been duly convened and held and all resolutions passed or proceedings 
transacted shall be regarded as having been duly passed and transacted. 
22. 
WRITTEN RESOLUTION 
A Written Resolution shall take effect as if it were an Extraordinary Resolution or, in 
respect of matters required to be determined by Ordinary Resolution, as if it were an Ordinary 
Resolution. 
23. 
INDIVIDUAL ACTIONS AND REMEDIES 
Each Covered Bondholder has accepted and is bound by the provisions of Condition 16 
(Limited Recourse and Non Petition) and, accordingly, if any Covered Bondholder is 
considering bringing individual actions or using other individual remedies to enforce 
his/her/its rights under the Covered Bond Guarantee (hereinafter, a "Claiming Covered 
Bondholder"), then such Claiming Covered Bondholder intending to enforce his/her/its 
rights under the Covered Bonds will notify the Representative of the Covered Bondholders of 
his/her/its intention. The Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall inform the other 
Covered Bondholders in accordance with Condition 17 (Notices) of such prospective 
individual actions and remedies and invite them to raise, in writing, any objection that they 
may have by a specific date not more than 30 days after the date of the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders' notification and not less than 10 days after such notification. If 
Covered Bondholders representing 5 per cent. or more of the aggregate Outstanding Principal 
Amount of the Covered Bonds then outstanding object to such prospective individual actions 
and remedies, then the Claiming Covered Bondholder will be prevented from taking any

--- Page 140 ---
140 
individual action or remedy (without prejudice to the fact that, after a reasonable period of 
time, the same matter may be resubmitted to the Representative of the Covered Bondholders 
pursuant to the terms of this Article 23). 
24. 
MEETINGS AND SEPARATE SERIES  
24.1. Choice of Meeting 
If and whenever the Issuer shall have issued and have outstanding Covered Bonds of more than 
one Series the foregoing provisions of this Schedule shall have effect subject to the following 
modifications: 
24.1.1. a resolution which in the opinion of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders 
affects the Covered Bonds of only one Series shall be deemed to have been duly 
passed if passed at a separate meeting of the holders of the Covered Bonds of that 
Series; 
24.1.2. a resolution which in the opinion of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders 
affects the Covered Bonds of more than one Series but does not give rise to a conflict 
of interest between the holders of Covered Bonds of any of the Series so affected shall 
be deemed to have been duly passed if passed at a single meeting of the holders of the 
Covered Bonds of all the Series so affected; 
24.1.3. a resolution which in the opinion of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders 
affects the Covered Bonds of more than one Series and gives or may give rise to a 
conflict of interest between the holders of the Covered Bonds of one Series or group of 
Series so affected and the holders of the Covered Bonds of another Series or group of 
Series so affected shall be deemed to have been duly passed only if passed at separate 
meetings of the holders of the Covered Bonds of each Series or group of Series so 
affected; 
24.1.4. a Programme Resolution shall be deemed to have been duly passed only if passed at a 
single meeting of the Covered Bondholders of all Series; and 
24.1.5. to all such meetings all the preceding provisions of these Rules shall mutatis mutandis 
apply as though references therein to Covered Bonds and Covered Bondholders were 
references to the Covered Bonds of the Series or group of Series in question or to the 
holders of such Covered Bonds, as the case may be. 
24.2. Denominations other than Euro 
If the Issuer has issued and has outstanding Covered Bonds which are not denominated in Euro 
in the case of any Meeting or request in writing or Written Resolution of holders of Covered 
Bonds of more than one currency (whether in respect of the meeting or any adjourned such 
Meeting or any poll resulting therefrom or any such request or Written Resolution) the 
Outstanding Principal Amount of such Covered Bonds shall be the equivalent in Euro at the 
relevant Swap Rate. In such circumstances, on any poll each person present shall have one vote 
for each Euro 1.00 (or such other Euro amount as the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders may in its absolute discretion stipulate) of the Outstanding Principal Amount of 
the Covered Bonds (converted as above) which he holds or represents. 
25. 
FURTHER REGULATIONS 
Subject to all other provisions contained in these Rules, the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders may, without the consent of the Issuer, prescribe such further regulations

--- Page 141 ---
141 
regarding the holding of Meetings and attendance and voting at them and/or the provisions of a 
Written Resolution as the Representative of the Covered Bondholders in its sole discretion may 
decide. 
TITLE III 
THE REPRESENTATIVE OF THE COVERED BONDHOLDERS 
26. 
APPOINTMENT, REMOVAL AND REMUNERATION  
26.1. Appointment 
The appointment of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders takes place by Programme 
Resolution in accordance with the provisions of this Article 26, except for the appointment of 
the first Representative of the Covered Bondholders which will be Banca Finanziaria 
Internazionale S.p.A.. 
26.2. Identity of Representative of the Covered Bondholders  
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall be: 
26.2.1. a bank incorporated in any jurisdiction of the European Union or a bank incorporated 
in any other jurisdiction acting through an Italian branch; or 
26.2.2. a company or financial institution enrolled with the register held by the Bank of Italy 
pursuant to Article 106 of Italian Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1993; or 
26.2.3. any other entity which is not prohibited from acting in the capacity of Representative 
of the Covered Bondholders pursuant to the law. 
The directors and auditors of the Issuer and those who fall within the conditions set out in 
Article 2399 of the Italian Civil Code cannot be appointed as Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders and, if appointed as such, they shall be automatically removed. 
26.3. Duration of appointment 
Unless the Representative of the Covered Bondholders is removed by Programme Resolution of 
the Covered Bondholders pursuant to Article 18.3 (Programme Resolution) or resigns pursuant 
to Article 27 (Resignation of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders), it shall remain in 
office until full repayment or cancellation of all the Covered Bonds. 
26.4. After termination 
In the event of a termination of the appointment of the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders for any reason whatsoever, such representative shall remain in office until the 
substitute Representative of the Covered Bondholders, which shall be an entity specified in 
Article 26.2 (Identity of Representative of the Covered Bondholders), accepts its appointment, 
and the powers and authority of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders whose 
appointment has been terminated shall, pending the acceptance of its appointment by the 
substitute, be limited to those necessary to perform the essential functions required in 
connection with the Covered Bonds. 
26.5. Remuneration 
The Issuer, failing which the Guarantor, shall pay to the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders an annual fee for its services as Representative of the Covered Bondholders from 
the Issue Date, as agreed either in the initial agreement(s) for the issue of and subscription for 
the Covered Bonds or in a separate fee letter. Such fees shall accrue from day-to-day and shall

--- Page 142 ---
142 
be payable in accordance with the priority of payments set out in the Intercreditor Agreement 
up to (and including) the date when all the Covered Bonds of whatever Series shall have been 
repaid in full or cancelled in accordance with the Conditions. 
27. 
RESIGNATION OF THE REPRESENTATIVE OF THE COVERED BONDHOLDERS 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders may resign at any time by giving at least three 
calendar months' written notice to the Issuer and the Guarantor, without needing to provide 
any specific reason for the resignation and without being responsible for any costs incurred as 
a result of such resignation. The resignation of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders 
shall not become effective until a new Representative of the Covered Bondholders has been 
appointed in accordance with Article 26.1 (Appointment) and such new Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders has accepted its appointment, provided that if Covered Bondholders fail 
to select a new Representative of the Covered Bondholders within three months of written 
notice of resignation delivered by the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders may appoint a successor which is a qualifying 
entity pursuant to Article 26.2 (Identity of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders). 
28. 
DUTIES AND POWERS OF THE REPRESENTATIVE OF THE COVERED 
BONDHOLDERS 
28.1. Representative of the Covered Bondholders as legal representative 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders is the legal representative of the Organisation 
of the Covered Bondholders and has the power to exercise the rights conferred on it by the 
Programme Documents in order to protect the interests of the Covered Bondholders. 
28.2. Meetings and resolutions 
Unless any Resolution provides to the contrary, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders 
is responsible for implementing all resolutions of the Covered Bondholders. The Representative 
of the Covered Bondholders has the right to convene and attend Meetings (together with its 
advisers) to propose any course of action which it considers from time to time necessary or 
desirable. 
28.3. Delegation 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders may in the exercise of the powers, discretions 
and authorities vested in it by these Rules and the Programme Documents: 
28.3.1. act by responsible officers or a responsible officer for the time being of the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders; 
28.3.2. whenever it considers it expedient and in the interest of the Covered Bondholders, 
whether by power of attorney or otherwise, delegate to any person or persons or 
fluctuating body of persons some, but not all, of the powers, discretions or authorities 
vested in it as aforesaid. 
Any such delegation pursuant to Article 28.3.1 may be made upon such conditions and subject 
to such regulations (including power to sub-delegate) as the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders may think fit in the interest of the Covered Bondholders. The Representative of 
the Covered Bondholders shall not be bound to supervise the acts or proceedings of such 
delegate or sub-delegate and shall not in any way or to any extent be responsible for any loss 
incurred by reason of any misconduct, omission or default on the part of such delegate or sub-
delegate, provided that the Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall use all reasonable

--- Page 143 ---
143 
care in the appointment of any such delegate and shall be responsible for the instructions given 
by it to such delegate. The Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall, as soon as 
reasonably practicable, give notice to the Issuer and the Guarantor of the appointment of any 
delegate and any renewal, extension and termination of such appointment, and shall procure 
that any delegate shall give notice to the Issuer and the Guarantor of the appointment of any 
sub-delegate as soon as reasonably practicable. 
28.4. Judicial proceedings 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders is authorised to represent the Organisation of 
the Covered Bondholders in any judicial proceedings including any Insolvency Event in respect 
of the Issuer and/or the Guarantor. 
28.5. Consents given by Representative of Covered Bondholders 
Any consent or approval given by the Representative of the Covered Bondholders under these 
Rules and any other Programme Document may be given on such terms and subject to such 
conditions (if any) as the Representative of the Covered Bondholders deems appropriate and, 
notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in the Rules or in the Programme 
Documents, such consent or approval may be given retrospectively. 
28.6. Discretions 
Save as expressly otherwise provided herein, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders 
shall have absolute discretion as to the exercise or non-exercise of any right, power and 
discretion vested in the Representative of the Covered Bondholders by these Rules or by 
operation of law. The Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall not be responsible for 
any loss, costs, damages, expenses or other liabilities that may result from the exercise or non-
exercise thereof except insofar as the same are incurred as a result of its gross negligence (colpa 
grave) or wilful misconduct (dolo). 
28.7. Obtaining instructions 
In connection with matters in respect of which the Representative of the Covered Bondholders 
is entitled to exercise its discretion hereunder, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders 
has the right (but not the obligation) to convene a Meeting or Meetings in order to obtain the 
Covered Bondholders' instructions as to how it should act. Prior to undertaking any action, the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall be entitled to request that the Covered 
Bondholders indemnify it and/or provide it with security as specified in Article 29.2 (Specific 
Limitations). 
28.8. Remedy 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders may in its sole discretion determine whether 
or not a default in the performance by the Issuer or the Guarantor of any obligation under the 
provisions of these Rules, the Covered Bonds or any other Programme Documents may be 
remedied, and if the Representative of the Covered Bondholders certifies that any such default 
is, in its opinion, not capable of being remedied, such certificate shall be conclusive and 
binding upon the Issuer, the Covered Bondholders, the other creditors of the Guarantor and 
any other party to the Programme Documents. 
29. 
EXONERATION OF THE REPRESENTATIVE OF THE COVERED BONDHOLDERS  
29.1. Limited obligations

--- Page 144 ---
144 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall not assume any obligations or 
responsibilities in addition to those expressly provided herein and in the Programme 
Documents. 
29.2. Specific limitations 
Without limiting the generality of the Article 29.1, the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders: 
29.2.1. shall not be under any obligation to take any steps to ascertain whether an Issuer Event 
of Default or a Guarantor Event of Default or any other event, condition or act, the 
occurrence of which would cause a right or remedy to become exercisable by the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders hereunder or under any other Programme 
Document, has occurred and, until the Representative of the Covered Bondholders has 
actual knowledge or express notice to the contrary, it shall be entitled to assume that no 
Issuer Event of Default or a Guarantor Event of Default or such other event, condition 
or act has occurred; 
29.2.2. shall not be under any obligation to monitor or supervise the observance and 
performance by the Issuer or the Guarantor or any other parties of their obligations 
contained in these Rules, the Programme Documents or the Conditions and, until it 
shall have actual knowledge or express notice to the contrary, the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders shall be entitled to assume that the Issuer or the Guarantor and 
each other party to the Programme Documents are duly observing and performing all 
their respective obligations; 
29.2.3. except as expressly required in these Rules or any Programme Document, shall not be 
under any obligation to give notice to any person of its activities in performance of the 
provisions of these Rules or any other Programme Document; 
29.2.4. shall not be responsible for investigating the legality, validity, effectiveness, adequacy, 
suitability or genuineness of these Rules or of any Programme Document, or of any 
other document or any obligation or rights created or purported to be created hereby or 
thereby or pursuant hereto or thereto or request and/or obtain any legal opinion in 
connection therewith, and (without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing) it shall 
not have any responsibility for or have any duty to make any investigation in respect of 
or in any way be liable whatsoever for: 
(i) 
the nature, status, creditworthiness or solvency of the Issuer or the Guarantor; 
(ii) 
the existence, accuracy or sufficiency of any legal or other opinion, search, 
report, certificate, valuation or investigation delivered or obtained or required to 
be delivered or obtained at any time in connection with the Programme; 
(iii) the suitability, adequacy or sufficiency of any collection procedure operated by 
the Servicer or compliance therewith; 
(iv) 
the failure by the Issuer to obtain or comply with any licence, consent or other 
authorisation in connection with the purchase or administration of the assets 
contained in the Cover Pool; and 
(v) 
any accounts, books, records or files maintained by the Issuer, the Guarantor, the 
Servicer and the Issuer Paying Agent or the Guarantor Paying Agent, as the case 
may be, or any other person in respect of the Cover Pool or the Covered Bonds;

--- Page 145 ---
145 
29.2.5. shall not be responsible for the receipt or application by the Issuer of the proceeds of 
the issue of the Covered Bonds or the distribution of any of such proceeds to the 
persons entitled thereto; 
29.2.6. shall have no responsibility for procuring or maintaining any rating of the Covered 
Bonds by any credit or rating agency or any other person; 
29.2.7. shall not be responsible for investigating any matter which is the subject of any recital, 
statement, warranty, representation or covenant by any party other than the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders contained herein or in any Programme 
Document or any certificate, document or agreement relating thereto or for the 
execution, legality, validity, effectiveness, enforceability or admissibility in evidence 
thereof; 
29.2.8. shall not be liable for any failure, omission or defect in registering or filing or 
procuring registration or filing of or otherwise protecting or perfecting these Rules or 
any Programme Document; 
29.2.9. shall not be bound or concerned to examine or enquire into or be liable for any defect 
or failure in the right or title of the Guarantor in relation to the assets contained in the 
Cover Pool or any part thereof, whether such defect or failure was known to the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders or might have been discovered upon 
examination or enquiry or whether capable of being remedied or not; 
29.2.10. shall not be under any obligation to guarantee or procure the repayment of the 
Mortgage Loans contained in the Cover Pool or any part thereof; 
29.2.11. shall not be responsible for reviewing or investigating any report relating to the Cover 
Pool or any part thereof provided by any person; 
29.2.12. shall not be responsible for or have any Liability with respect to any loss or damage 
arising from the realisation of the Cover Pool or any part thereof; 
29.2.13. shall not be responsible (except as expressly provided in the Conditions) for making or 
verifying any determination or calculation in respect of the Covered Bonds, the Cover 
Pool or any Programme Document; 
29.2.14. shall not be under any obligation to insure the Cover Pool or any part thereof; 
29.2.15. shall, when in these Rules or any Programme Document it is required in connection 
with the exercise of its powers, trusts, authorities or discretions to have regard to the 
interests of the Covered Bondholders, have regard to the overall interests of the 
Covered Bondholders of each Series as a class of persons and shall not be obliged to 
have regard to any interests arising from circumstances particular to individual 
Covered Bondholders whatever their number and, in particular but without limitation, 
shall not have regard to the consequences of such exercise for individual Covered 
Bondholders (whatever their number) resulting from their being for any purpose 
domiciled or resident in, or otherwise connected with, or subject to the jurisdiction of, 
any particular territory or taxing authority; 
29.2.16. shall not, if in connection with the exercise of its powers, trusts, authorities or 
discretions, it is of the opinion that the interest of the holders of the Covered Bonds of 
any one or more Series would be materially prejudiced thereby, exercise such power, 
trust, authority or discretion without the approval of such Covered Bondholders by

--- Page 146 ---
146 
Extraordinary Resolution or by a written resolution of such Covered Bondholders 
holding not less than 50 per cent. of the Outstanding Principal Amount of the Covered 
Bonds of the relevant Series then outstanding; 
29.2.17. shall, as regards at the powers, trusts, authorities and discretions vested in it by the 
Programme Documents, except where expressly provided therein, have regard to the 
interests of both the Covered Bondholders and the other creditors of the Issuer or the 
Guarantor but if, in the opinion of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, 
there is a conflict between their interests the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders will have regard solely to the interest of the Covered Bondholders; 
29.2.18. shall not (unless and to the extent ordered so to do by a court of competent 
jurisdiction) be under any obligation to disclose to any Covered Bondholders, any 
Other Creditor or any other person any confidential, financial, price sensitive or other 
information made available to the Representative of the Covered Bondholders by the 
Issuer, by the Guarantor or any other person in connection with these Rules, the 
Covered Bonds or any other Programme Documents, and none of the Covered 
Bondholders, Other Creditors nor any other person shall be entitled to take any action 
to obtain from the Representative of the Covered Bondholders any such information; 
29.2.19. shall be entitled to assume, for the purposes of exercising any power, authority, duty or 
discretion under or in relation to these Rules that such exercise will not be materially 
prejudicial to the interest of the Covered Bondholders if, along with other factors, it 
has accessed the view of, and, in any case, with prior written notice to, the Rating 
Agency, and has ground to believe that the then current rating of the Covered Bonds 
would not be adversely affected by such exercise. If the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders, in order to properly exercise its rights or fulfil its obligations, deems it 
necessary to obtain the valuation of the Rating Agency regarding how a specific act 
would affect the rating of the Covered Bonds, the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders shall so inform the Issuer and the Guarantor, which will have to obtain 
the valuation at Issuer’s expense on behalf of the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders, unless the Representative of the Covered Bondholders wishes to seek 
and obtain the valuation itself; 
29.2.20. may refrain from taking any action or exercising any right, power, authority or 
discretion vested in it under these Rules or any Programme Document or any other 
agreement relating to the transactions herein or therein contemplated until it has been 
indemnified and/or secured to its satisfaction against any and all actions, proceedings, 
claims and demands which might be brought or made against it and against all 
Liabilities suffered, incurred or sustained by it as a result. Nothing contained in these 
Rules or any of the other Programme Documents shall require the Representative of 
the Covered Bondholders to expend or risk its own funds or otherwise incur any 
financial liability in the performance of its duties or the exercise of any right, power, 
authority or discretion hereunder if it has grounds for believing the repayment of such 
funds or adequate indemnity against, or security for, such risk or liability is not 
reasonably assured; and 
29.2.21. shall not have any liability for any loss, liability, damages claim or expense directly or 
indirectly suffered or incurred by the Issuer, the Guarantor, any Covered Bondholder, 
any Other Creditor or any other person as a result of any determination, any act, matter

--- Page 147 ---
147 
or thing that will not be materially prejudicial to the interests of the Covered 
Bondholders as a whole or the interests of the Covered Bondholders of any Series. 
29.3. Covered Bonds held by Issuer 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders may assume without enquiry that no Covered 
Bonds are, at any given time, held by or for the benefit of the Issuer or the Guarantor. 
29.4. Illegality 
No provision of these Rules shall require the Representative of the Covered Bondholders to do 
anything which may be illegal or contrary to applicable law or regulations or to expend 
moneys or otherwise take risks in the performance of any of its duties, or in the exercise of any 
of its powers or discretion. The Representative of the Covered Bondholders may refrain from 
taking any action which would or might, in its opinion, be contrary to any law of any 
jurisdiction or any regulation or directive of any agency of any state, or if it has reasonable 
grounds to believe that it will not be reimbursed for any funds it expends, or that it will not be 
indemnified against any loss or Liabilities which it may incur as a consequence of such action. 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders may do anything which, in its opinion, is 
necessary to comply with any such law, regulation or directive as aforesaid. 
30. 
RELIANCE ON INFORMATION 
30.1. Advice 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders may act on the advice of a certificate or 
opinion of, or any written information obtained from, any lawyer, accountant, banker, broker, 
credit or rating agency or other expert, whether obtained by the Issuer, the Guarantor, the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders or otherwise, and shall not be liable for any loss 
occasioned by so acting. Any such opinion, advice, certificate or information may be sent or 
obtained by letter, telegram, e-mail or fax transmission and the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders shall not be liable for acting on any opinion, advice, certificate or information 
purporting to be so conveyed although the same contains some error or is not authentic and, in 
circumstances where in the opinion of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders to 
obtain such advice on any other basis is not practicable, notwithstanding any limitation of or 
cap on liability in respect thereof. 
30.2. Certificates of Issuer and/or Guarantor 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders may require, and shall be at liberty to accept as 
sufficient evidence 
30.2.1. as to any fact or matter prima facie within the Issuer's or the Guarantor's knowledge, a 
certificate duly signed by a director of the Issuer or (as the case may be) the Guarantor; 
30.2.2.  that such is the case, a certificate of a director of the Issuer or (as the case may be) the 
Guarantor to the effect that any particular dealing, transaction, step or thing is 
expedient, 
and the Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall not be bound in any such case to call 
for further evidence or be responsible for any loss that may be incurred as a result of acting on 
such certificate unless any of its officers in charge of the administration of these Rules shall 
have actual knowledge or express notice of the untruthfulness of the matters contained in the 
certificate.

--- Page 148 ---
148 
30.3. Resolution or direction of Covered Bondholders 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall not be responsible for acting upon any 
resolution purporting to be a Written Resolution or to have been passed at any Meeting in 
respect whereof minutes have been made and signed or a direction of the requisite percentage 
of Covered Bondholders, even though it may subsequently be found that there was some defect 
in the constitution of the Meeting or the passing of the Written Resolution or the giving of such 
directions or that for any reason the resolution purporting to be a Written Resolution or to have 
been passed at any Meeting or the giving of the direction was not valid or binding upon the 
Covered Bondholders. 
30.4. Certificates of Monte Titoli Account Holders 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders, in order to ascertain ownership of the 
Covered Bonds, may fully rely on the certificates issued by any Monte Titoli Account Holder 
in accordance with the regulation issued by the Bank of Italy and the CONSOB on 13 August 
2018, as subsequently amended and supplemented, which certificates are to be conclusive 
proof of the matters certified therein. 
30.5. Clearing Systems 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall be at liberty to call for and to rely on as 
sufficient evidence of the facts stated therein, a certificate, letter or confirmation certified as 
true and accurate and signed on behalf of such clearing system as the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders considers appropriate, or any form of record made by any clearing 
system, to the effect that at any particular time or throughout any particular period any 
particular person is, or was, or will be, shown its records as entitled to a particular number of 
Covered Bonds. 
30.6. Certificates of Parties to Programme Document 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall have the right to call for or require the 
Issuer or the Guarantor to call for and to rely on written certificates issued by any party (other 
than the Issuer or the Guarantor) to the Intercreditor Agreement or any other Programme 
Document, 
30.6.1.  in respect of every matter and circumstance for which a certificate is expressly 
provided for under the Conditions or any Programme Document; 
30.6.2. as any matter or fact prima facie within the knowledge of such party; or 
30.6.3.  as to such party's opinion with respect to any issue 
and the Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall not be required to seek additional 
evidence in respect of the relevant fact, matter or circumstances and shall not be held 
responsible for any Liabilities incurred as a result of having failed to do so unless any of its 
officers has actual knowledge or express notice of the untruthfulness of the matter contained in 
the certificate. 
30.7. Auditors 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall not be responsible for reviewing or 
investigating any auditors' report or certificate and may rely on the contents of any such 
report or certificate. 
31. 
AMENDMENTS AND MODIFICATIONS

--- Page 149 ---
149 
31.1. Modification 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders may at any time and from time to time and 
without the consent or sanction of the Covered Bondholders of any Series concur with the 
Issuer and/or the Guarantor and any other relevant parties in making any modification (and for 
this purpose the Representative of the Covered Bondholders may disregard whether any such 
modification relates to a Series Reserved Matter) as follows: 
31.1.1. to these Rules, the Conditions and/or the other Programme Documents which, in the 
sole opinion of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, it may be expedient to 
make provided that the Representative of the Covered Bondholders is of the opinion 
that such modification will not be materially prejudicial to the interests of any of the 
Covered Bondholders of any Series; and 
31.1.2. to these Rules, the Conditions and/or the other Programme Documents which is of a 
formal, minor, administrative or technical nature or to comply with mandatory 
provisions of law; and 
31.1.3. to these Rules, the Conditions and/or the other Programme Documents which, in the 
opinion of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, is to correct a manifest 
error or an error established as such to the satisfaction of the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders. 
31.2. Swap Basic Term Modification 
Any modification to the Swap Basic Term Modification must be previously approved in writing 
by the Covered Bond Swap Counterparty. The Covered Bond Swap Counterparty agrees to 
subscribe any other amendment of the Programme Documents to which is party which have 
been agreed with the Representative of the Covered Bondholders in accordance with these 
Rules. 
31.3. Binding Nature 
Any such modification may be made on such terms and subject to such conditions (if any) as 
the Representative of the Covered Bondholders may determine, shall be binding upon the 
Covered Bondholders and, unless the Representative of the Covered Bondholders otherwise 
agrees, shall be notified by the Issuer or the Guarantor (as the case may be) to the Covered 
Bondholders in accordance with Condition 16 (Notices) as soon as practicable thereafter. 
31.4. Establishing an error 
In establishing whether an error has occured as such, the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders may have regard to any evidence on which the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders considers it appropriate to rely and may, but shall not be obliged to, have regard to 
any of the following: 
31.4.1. a certificate from the Joint Arrangers: 
(i) 
stating the intention of the parties to the relevant Programme Document; 
(ii) 
confirming nothing has been said to, or by, investors or any other parties which 
is in any way inconsistent with such stated intention; and 
(iii) 
stating the modification to the relevant Programme Document that is required 
to reflect such intention; and

--- Page 150 ---
150 
31.4.2.  confirmation from the relevant credit rating agencies that, after giving effect to such 
modification, the Covered Bonds shall continue to have the same credit ratings as those 
assigned to them immediately prior to the modification. 
31.5. Obligation to act 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall be bound to concur with the Issuer and 
the Guarantor and any other party in making any modifications to these Rules, the Conditions 
and/or the other Programme Documents if it is so directed by a Programme Resolution and then 
only if it is indemnified and/or secured to its satisfaction against all Liabilities to which it may 
thereby render itself liable or which it may incur by so doing. 
32. 
WAIVER 
32.1. Waiver of Breach 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders may at any time and from time to time without 
the consent or sanction of the Covered Bondholders of any Series and, without prejudice to its 
rights in respect of any subsequent breach, condition, or event but only if, and in so far as, in its 
opinion the interests of the holders of the Covered Bonds of any Series then outstanding shall 
not be materially prejudiced thereby: 
32.1.1.  authorise or waive, any proposed breach or breach by the Issuer or the Guarantor of 
any of the covenants or provisions contained in the Covered Bond Guarantee these 
Rules or the other Programme Documents; or 
32.1.2. determine that any Issuer Event of Default or Guarantor Event of Default shall not be 
treated as such for the purposes of the Programme Documents, without any consent or 
sanction of the Covered Bondholders. 
32.2. Binding Nature 
Any authorisation, or, waiver or determination may be given on such terms and subject to such 
conditions (if any) as the Representative of the Covered Bondholders may determine, shall be 
binding on all Covered Bondholders and, if the Representative of the Covered Bondholders so 
requires, shall be notified to the Covered Bondholders and the Other Creditors by the Issuer or 
the Guarantor, as soon as practicable after it has been given or made in accordance with the 
provisions of the conditions relating to Notices and the relevant Programme Documents. 
32.3. Restriction on powers 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall not exercise any powers conferred upon 
it by this Article 32 (Waiver) in contravention of any express direction by a Programme 
Resolution, but so that no such direction shall affect any authorisation, waiver or 
determination previously given or made. 
32.4. Obligation to exercise powers 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall be bound to waive or authorise any 
breach or proposed breach by the Issuer or the Guarantor of any of the covenants or provisions 
contained in the Guarantee, these Rules or any of the other Programme Documents or 
determine that any Issuer Event of Default or Guarantor Event of Default shall not be treated as 
such if it is so directed by a Programme Resolution and then only if it is indemnified and/or 
secured to its satisfaction against all Liabilities to which it may thereby render itself liable or 
which it may incur by so doing.

--- Page 151 ---
151 
32.5. Notice of waiver 
If the Representative of the Covered Bondholders so requires, the Issuer shall cause any such 
authorisation, waiver or determination to be notified to the Covered Bondholders and the Other 
Creditors, as soon as practicable after it has been given or made in accordance with Condition 
17 (Notices). 
33. 
INDEMNITY 
Pursuant to the Programme Agreement, each Subscription Agreement and other document 
been agreed between the Issuer and the Relevant Dealer(s), the Issuer, failing which the 
Guarantor, has covenanted and undertaken to reimburse, pay or discharge (on a full indemnity 
basis) upon demand, to the extent not already reimbursed, paid or discharged by the Covered 
Bondholders, all costs, liabilities, losses, charges, expenses, damages, actions, proceedings, 
claims and demands (including without limitation legal fees and any applicable value added 
tax or similar taxes) properly incurred by or made against the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders or any entity to which the Representative of the Covered Bondholders has 
delegated any power, authority or discretion in relation to the exercise or purported exercise of 
its powers, authorities and discretions and the performance of its duties under and otherwise in 
relation to the preparation and execution of these Rules and the Programme Documents, 
including but not limited to legal and travelling expenses, and any stamp, issue, registration, 
documentary and other taxes or duties paid by the Representative of the Covered Bondholders 
in connection with any action and/or legal proceedings brought or contemplated by the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders pursuant to the Programme Documents against the 
Issuer or the Guarantor, or any other person to enforce any obligation under these Rules, the 
Covered Bonds or the Programme Documents except insofar as the same are incurred as a 
result of fraud (frode), gross negligence (colpa grave) or wilful default (dolo) of the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders. 
34. 
LIABILITY 
Notwithstanding any other provision of these Rules, the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders shall not be liable for any act, matter or thing done or omitted in any way in 
connection with the Programme Documents, the Covered Bonds, the Conditions or the Rules 
except in relation to its own fraud (frode), gross negligence (colpa grave) or wilful default 
(dolo). 
35. 
SECURITY DOCUMENTS  
35.1. The Deed of Pledge 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall have the right to exercise all the rights 
granted by the Guarantor to the Covered Bondholders pursuant to the Deed of Pledge. The 
beneficiaries of the Deed of Pledge are referred to in this Article 35 as the "Secured 
Bondholders". 
35.2. Rights of Representative of the Covered Bondholders 
35.2.1. 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders, acting on behalf of the Secured 
Bondholders, shall be entitled to appoint and entrust the Guarantor to collect, in the 
Secured Bondholders' interest and on their behalf, any amounts deriving from the 
pledged claims and rights, and shall be entitled to give instructions, jointly with the 
Guarantor, to the respective debtors of the pledged claims to make the payments

--- Page 152 ---
152 
related to such claims to any account opened in the name of the Guarantor and 
appropriate for such purpose; 
35.2.2. The Secured Bondholders irrevocably waive any right they may have in relation to 
any amount deriving from time to time from the pledged claims or credited to any 
such account opened in the name of the Guarantor and appropriate of such purpose 
which is not in accordance with the provisions of this Article 35. The Representative 
of the Covered Bondholders shall not be entitled to collect, withdraw or apply, or 
issue instructions for the collection, withdrawal or application of, cash deriving from 
time to time from the pledged claims under the Deed of Pledge except in accordance 
with the provisions of this Article 35 and the Intercreditor Agreement. 
TITLE IV 
THE ORGANISATION OF THE COVERED BONDHOLDERS AFTER SERVICE OF AN 
ACCELERATION NOTICE 
36. 
POWERS TO ACT ON BEHALF OF THE GUARANTOR 
It is hereby acknowledged that, upon service of an Acceleration Notice or, prior to service of an 
Acceleration Notice, following the failure of the Guarantor to exercise any right to which it is 
entitled, pursuant to the Mandate Agreement, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, 
in its capacity as legal representative of the Organisation of the Covered Bondholders, shall be 
entitled (also in the interests of the Other Issuer Creditors) pursuant to Articles 1411 and 1723 
of the Italian Civil Code, to exercise certain rights in relation to the Cover Pool. Therefore, the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders, in its capacity as legal representative of the 
Organisation of the Covered Bondholders, will be authorised, pursuant to the terms of the 
Mandate Agreement, to exercise, in the name and on behalf of the Guarantor and as mandatario 
in rem propriam of the Guarantor, any and all of the Guarantor's rights under certain 
Programme Documents, including the right to give directions and instructions to the relevant 
parties to the relevant Programme Documents. 
TITLE V 
GOVERNING LAW AND JURISDICTION 
37. 
GOVERNING LAW 
These Rules are governed by, and will be construed in accordance with, the laws of the 
Republic of Italy. 
38. 
JURISDICTION 
The Courts of Milan will have jurisdiction to law and determine any suit, action or proceedings 
and to settle any disputes which may arise out of or in connection with these Rules.

--- Page 153 ---
153 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
Set out below is the form of Final Terms which, subject to any necessary amendments, will be 
completed for each Tranche of Covered Bonds issued under the Programme. Text in this section 
appearing in italics does not form part of the Final Terms but denotes directions for completing the 
Final Terms. 
[PRIIPs Regulation / PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS - The Covered 
Bonds are not intended to be offered, sold, or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area (“EEA”). For 
these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in 
point (11) of article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”); or (ii) a customer within 
the meaning of Directive (UE) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client 
as defined in point (10) of article 4(1) of MiFID II or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the 
Prospectus Regulation. Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 
1286/2014 (as amended or superseded the “PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Covered 
Bonds or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and 
therefore offering or selling the Covered Bonds or otherwise making them available to any retail 
investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.] 1 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS –The Covered Bonds are not intended 
to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom (“UK”). For these purposes, a retail investor 
means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of 
Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (as amended, the “EUWA”); (ii) a customer within the meaning of the 
provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the Financial Services and Markets 
Act 2000 (the “FSMA”) to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify 
as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it 
forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document 
required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Covered Bonds or otherwise making 
them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the 
Covered Bonds or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful 
under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.] 2 
[MIFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for 
the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in 
respect of the Covered Bonds has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Covered 
Bonds is eligible counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU 
(as amended, MiFID II) [MiFID II]; and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Covered Bonds to 
eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, 
selling or recommending the Covered Bonds (a distributor) should take into consideration the 
 
1   Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if the Covered Bonds potentially constitute “packaged” products or the 
issuer wishes to prohibit offers to EEA retail investors for any other reason, in which case the selling restriction should be 
specified to be “Applicable” 
2 Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if the Covered Bonds potentially constitute “packaged” products and no 
key information document will be prepared in the UK or the issuer wishes to prohibit offers to UK retail investors for any 
other reason, in which case the selling restriction should be specified to be “Applicable”

--- Page 154 ---
154 
manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible 
for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Covered Bonds (by either adopting 
or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels.] 
[UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE/PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPS ONLY 
TARGET MARKET –Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, 
the target market assessment in respect of the Covered Bonds has led to the conclusion that: (i) the 
target market for the Covered Bonds is only eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook 
Conduct of Business Sourcebook (“COBS”), and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) 
No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 
2018 (“UK MiFIR”); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Covered Bonds to eligible 
counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Covered Bonds (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the 
manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook 
Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance 
Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Covered 
Bonds (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels.] 
Final Terms dated [•]  
Banca Popolare dell’Alto Adige S.p.A. 
(incorporated as a limited liability as a società per azioni under the laws of the Republic of Italy) 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Series or Tranche] [Description] Covered Bonds due 
[Maturity Date] 
Guaranteed by 
VOBA CB S.r.l. 
(incorporated with limited liability under the laws of the Republic of Italy and registered at the 
Companies 'Registry of Treviso-Belluno under registration number 04994460261) 
under the Euro 3,000,000,000 Covered Bond (Obbligazioni Bancarie Garantite) Programme 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the 
“Conditions”) set forth in the base prospectus dated 18 September 2023 [and the supplement[s] to the 
base prospectus dated [•]] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus (the “Base Prospectus”) for 
the purposes of the Regulation 2017/1129 (as amended from time to time the “Prospectus 
Regulation”). This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Covered Bonds described herein for 
the purposes of Article 8.2 (a) of the Prospectus Regulation. These Final Terms contain the final terms 
of the Covered Bonds and must be read in conjunction with such Base Prospectus [as so 
supplemented]. Full information on the Issuer, Guarantor and the offer of the Covered Bonds described 
herein is only available on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus 
[as so supplemented]. The Base Prospectus, [including the supplement[s]] [is/are] available for viewing 
on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com). [This Final Terms will be 
published on website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange at www.luxse.com].

--- Page 155 ---
155 
(Include whichever of the following apply or specify as “Not Applicable” (N/A). Note that the 
numbering should remain as set out below, even if “Not Applicable” is indicated for individual 
paragraphs or sub-paragraphs. Italics denote guidance for completing the Final Terms.) [When 
completing any final terms consideration should be given as to whether such terms or information 
constitute “significant new factors” and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to the Base 
Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.] 
1.
(i) 
Series Number:
[]
(ii) 
Tranche Number:
[]
 
(iii) 
Date on which the Covered 
Bonds will be consolidated and 
form a single Series 
[Not Applicable / The Covered Bonds will be 
consolidated, form a single Series and be 
interchangeable for trading purposes with the 
[Series [●] Tranche [●] Covered Bonds due [●] 
issued on [●], ISIN Code [●]] on the Issue Date]
2.
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[Euro/UK Sterling/Swiss Franc/Japanese Yen/ US 
Dollar/Other]
3.
Aggregate Nominal Amount:
[]
[(i)] 
Series:
[]
[(ii)] 
Tranche:
[]
4.
Issue Price: 
[] % of the aggregate Nominal Amount [plus 
accrued interest from (insert date) (in the case of 
fungible issues only, if applicable)]
5.
(i) 
Specified Denominations: 
[●][plus integral multiples [•]] in excess thereof (as 
referred to under Condition 3) (Include the wording 
in square brackets where the Specified 
Denomination is €100,000 or equivalent plus 
multiples of a lower principal amount.)
(ii) 
Calculation Amount:
[]
6.
(i) 
Issue Date:
[]
 
(ii) 
Interest 
Commencement Date:
[Specify/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
7.
(i) 
Maturity Date: 
[Specify date or (for Floating Rate Covered Bonds) 
Interest Payment Date falling in or nearest to the 
relevant month and year.]
8.
(i) 
Extended Maturity Date: 
[Not applicable / Specify date or (for Floating Rate 
Covered Bonds) Interest Payment Date falling in or 
nearest to the relevant month and year] (as referred 
to in Condition 7(b))
(ii) 
Extended Instalment Date:
[Not Applicable/ Applicable]

--- Page 156 ---
156 
9.
Interest Basis: 
[[]% Fixed Rate] 
 
 
[[] +/- [Margin]% Floating Rate] 
(further particulars specified in [14]/[15]/[16] 
below)
10.
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
[Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Covered Bonds will be redeemed 
on the Maturity Date at 100 % at least of their 
nominal amount]  
[Instalment] 
[The 
Covered 
Bonds 
shall 
be 
redeemed in the Covered Bond Instalment Amounts 
and on the Covered Bond Instalment Dates set out 
in paragraph [●] below.]
11.
Change of Interest  
[●] / [Not Applicable] [Change of interest rate may 
be applicable in case an Extended Maturity Date is 
specified as applicable, as provided for in Condition 
7]
12.
Put/Call Options: 
[Not Applicable] 
[Investor Put (as referred in Condition 7)] 
[Issuer Call (as referred in Condition 7)][(further 
particulars specified in paragraph [17] below)] 
13.
[Date of [Board] approval for issuance 
of Covered Bonds [and Covered Bonds 
Guarantee] [respectively]] obtained: 
[] [and [], respectively] 
(N.B. Only relevant where Board (or similar) 
authorisation is required for the particular tranche 
of Covered Bonds or related Covered Bonds 
Guarantee)
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE
14.
Fixed Rate Provisions 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable 
(as 
referred 
in 
Condition 5)] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)
 
(i) 
Rate(s) of Interest: 
[] % per annum payable in arrear on each CB 
Payment Date
 
(ii) 
CB Payment Date(s): 
[] in each year [adjusted in accordance with [●] 
(specify Business Day Convention and any 
applicable Business Centre(s) for the definition of 
“Business Day”) / [not adjusted]
 
(iii) 
Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)]: 
[] per Calculation Amount

--- Page 157 ---
157 
 
(iv) 
Broken 
Amount(s):
 
[[] per Calculation Amount, payable on the CB 
Payment 
Date 
falling [in/on] 
[]] / [Not 
Applicable] 
 
(v) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)  
Actual/Actual (ISDA)  
Actual/365 (Fixed)  
Actual/360  
30/360  
30E/360 or Eurobond Basis  
30E/360 (ISDA)] 
 
(vi) 
Determination Date 
[[] in each year/ [Not Applicable]] 
(N.B. Only relevant where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual (ICMA)) 
15.
Floating Rate Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable (as referred to it in 
Condition 6)]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Interest Period(s): 
[] 
 
(ii) 
Specified Period: 
[] 
(Specified Period and CB Payment Dates are 
alternatives. A Specified Period, rather than CB 
Payment Dates, will only be relevant if the Business 
Day Convention is the FRN Convention, Floating 
Rate 
Convention 
or 
Eurodollar 
Convention. 
Otherwise, insert “Not Applicable”) 
 
(iii) 
Payment Date(s): 
[] 
(Specified Period and Specified CB Payment Dates 
are alternatives. If the Business Day Convention is 
the FRN Convention, Floating Rate Convention or 
Eurodollar Convention, insert “Not Applicable”) 
 
(iv) 
First CB Payment Date 
[] 
 
(v) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business Day 
Convention/ Modified Following Business Day 
Convention/Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention/FRN Convention]

--- Page 158 ---
158 
 
(vi) 
Manner in which the Rate(s) of 
Interest is/are to be determined:
[Screen Rate Determination / ISDA Determination] 
 
(vii) 
Party responsible for calculating 
the Rate of Interest and Interest 
Amount (if not the Paying 
Agent):
[[Name] shall be the Calculation Agent (no need to 
specify if the Fiscal Agent is to perform this 
function)] 
 
(viii) Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
Reference Rate:
[] month EURIBOR
Reference Banks:
[[]/Not Applicable]
Interest Determination Date(s):
[] 
Relevant Screen Page:
(For example, Reuters EURIBOR 01)
 
Relevant Time: 
(For example, 11.00 a.m. London time/Brussels 
time)
 
Relevant Financial Centre: 
(For example, Euro-zone (where Euro-zone means 
the region comprised of the countries whose lawful 
currency is the euro)
 
(ix) 
ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)
Floating Rate Option:
[]
Designated Maturity:
[]
Reset Date:
[]
(x) 
Margin(s):
[+/-][] % per annum
(xi) 
Minimum Rate of Interest:
[] % per annum
(xii) 
Maximum Rate of Interest:
[] % per annum

--- Page 159 ---
159 
 
(xiii) Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)  
Actual/Actual (ISDA)  
Actual/365 (Fixed)  
Actual/360  
30/360  
30E/360 or Eurobond Basis  
30E/360 (ISDA)]
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION
16.
Call Option 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(as 
referred 
in 
Condition 7)  
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph)
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s):
[]
 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Amount(s) 
of each Covered Bond and 
method, if any, of calculation of 
such amount(s):
[] per Calculation Amount 
(iii) 
(If redeemable in part:
Minimum Redemption Amount:
[] per Calculation Amount
 
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount:
[] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iv) 
Notice period (if other than as 
set out in the Terms and 
Conditions)
[] 
17.
Put Option 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable](as 
referred 
in 
Condition 7)  
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s):
[]
 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Amount(s) 
of each Covered Bond and 
method, if any, of calculation of 
such amount(s):
[] per Calculation Amount 
(iii) 
Notice period:
[]
18.
Final Redemption Amount of each 
Covered Bond
[] per Calculation Amount (as referred in 
Condition 7)

--- Page 160 ---
160 
19.
Early Redemption Amount 
[Not Applicable/[] per Calculation Amount] (as 
referred in Condition 7)
 
Early 
redemption 
amount(s) 
per 
Calculation 
Amount 
payable 
on 
redemption for taxation reasons or on 
acceleration following a Guarantor 
Event of Default:
[] 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE COVERED BONDS
20.
Additional Financial Centre(s):
[Not Applicable/[]]
21.
Details relating to Covered Bonds for 
which 
principal 
is 
repayable 
in 
instalments: amount of each instalment, 
date on which each payment is to be 
made:
[Not Applicable/ The Covered Bonds shall be 
redeemed on each instalment date set out below in 
the instalment amounts set out below] 
 
Covered Bond 
Instalment Date
Covered Bond 
Instalment Amount
[]
[]
[]
[]
Maturity Date 
[All outstanding 
instalment amounts not 
previously redeemed]
 
[Third party information  
(Relevant third party information) has been extracted from (specify source). Each of the Issuer and the 
Guarantor confirms that such information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, 
and is able to ascertain from information published by (specify source), no facts have been omitted 
which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.] 
 
Signed on behalf of Banca Popolare dell’Alto Adige S.p.A. 
By: ________________________ 
Duly authorised 
Signed on behalf of VOBA CB S.r.l. 
By: ________________________ 
Duly authorised

--- Page 161 ---
161 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
 
1.
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING
 
(i) 
Listing: 
[Official 
List 
of 
the 
Luxembourg 
Stock 
Exchange/Other]/[Not applicable]
 
(ii) 
Admission to trading: 
Application [is expected to be/has been] made by 
the Issuer (or on its behalf) for the Covered Bonds 
to be admitted to trading on [the regulated 
market/on the Professional Segment of the 
regulated market] of the [Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange/Other] 
with 
effect 
from 
[•]/[Not 
Applicable].  
(Where documenting a fungible issue, need to 
indicate that original Covered Bonds are already 
admitted to trading)
 
(iii) 
Admission 
to 
Luxembourg 
Green 
Exchange platform:
[Yes/No] 
(iv) 
Regulated market
[Yes/No]
 
(v) 
Professional Segment of 
the regulated market:
[Yes/No] 
 
(vi) 
Estimate 
of 
total 
expenses 
related 
to 
admission to trading: 
[] 
2. 
RATINGS

--- Page 162 ---
162 
 
Ratings: 
[Not Applicable]/[The Covered Bonds to be issued 
[[have been]/[are expected to be]] rated]/[The 
following ratings assigned to the Covered Bonds of 
this type issued under the Programme generally:]  
[Fitch]: []] [Insert brief explanation of the 
meaning of the rating if this has been previously 
published by Fitch] 
[[]:[]][Insert brief explanation of the meaning of 
the rating if this has been previously published by 
rating provider] 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating 
allocated to Covered Bonds of the type being issued 
under the Programme generally or, where the issue 
has been specifically rated, that rating) 
[The credit ratings included or referred to in these 
Final Terms have been issued by Fitch, established 
in the European Union and registered under 
Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 as amended (the 
“EU CRA Regulation”) As such Fitch is included 
in the list of credit ratings agencies published by the 
European Securities and Markets Authority on its 
website 
(at 
http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/Listregistered-
and-certified-CRAs) in accordance with the EU 
CRA Regulation as of the date of these Final 
Terms.]  
[According to Fitch, the rating assigned to the 
Covered Bonds may address: (i) the likelihood of 
full and timely payment to Covered Bondholders of 
all payments of interest on each CB Payment Date; 
and (ii) the likelihood of ultimate payment of 
principal in relation to the Covered Bonds on (a) the 
Maturity Date thereof or (b) if the Covered Bonds 
are subject to an Extended Maturity Date in 
accordance with the applicable Final Terms, the 
Extended Maturity Date thereof. The ratings that 
may be assigned by Fitch incorporate both an 
indication of the probability of default and of the 
recovery given a default of the relevant Covered 
Bonds.] 
(Insert the following where the relevant credit 
rating agency is not established in the EEA) 
[[Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency entity providing rating] is not established in 
the EEA [but the rating it has given to the Covered 
Bonds is endorsed by [insert legal name of credit 
rating agency], which is established in the EEA and 
is included in the list of registered credit rating 
agencies published on the website of the European 
Securities and Markets Authority at http:// 
www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-
agencies/risk as being registered] / [but is certified]

--- Page 163 ---
163 
3. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE 
ISSUE 
 
Save for any fees payable to the [Managers/Dealers], so far as the Issuer is aware, no 
person involved in the issue of the Covered Bonds has an interest material to the offer. 
The [Managers/Dealers] and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future 
engage, in investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may 
perform other services for, the Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary course of business 
– [Amend as appropriate if there are other interests]  
[(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such 
matters described constitute "significant new factors" and consequently trigger the 
need for a supplement to the Base Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus 
Regulation.)] 
4. 
Fixed Rate Covered Bonds only - YIELD 
 
Indication of yield: 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
5. 
Floating Rate Covered Bonds only - HISTORIC INTEREST RATES
 
[Details of historic EURIBOR rates can be obtained from [Reuters]/[]]/ [Not 
Applicable].
6. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION
ISIN Code:
[]
Common Code:
[]
 
CFI 
[[], as set out on the website of the Association of 
National 
Numbering 
Agencies 
(ANNA) 
or 
alternatively sourced from the responsible National 
Numbering Agency that assigned the ISIN] / [Not 
applicable]
 
FISN 
[[], as set out on the website of the Association of 
National 
Numbering 
Agencies 
(ANNA) 
or 
alternatively sourced from the responsible National 
Numbering Agency that assigned the ISIN] / [Not 
applicable] 
 
Any clearing system(s) other 
than Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V. 
and 
Clearstream 
Banking, 
société anonyme and the relevant 
identification number(s):
[Not Applicable/give name(s), address(es) and 
number(s)] 
Delivery:
Delivery [against/free of] payment
 
Names and Specified Offices of 
additional Paying Agent(s) (if 
any):
[]

--- Page 164 ---
164 
Calculation Agent(s) (if any)
[●]
Listing Agent(s) (if any)
[●]
 
Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders (if any)
[●] 
 
[Deemed delivery of clearing 
system notices for the purposes 
of Condition 17 (Notices): 
Any notice delivered to Covered Bondholders 
through the clearing systems will be deemed to 
have been given on the [second] [business] day 
after the day on which it was given to Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg.]
 
Intended to be held in a manner 
which would allow Eurosystem 
eligibility: 
[Yes][No][Not Applicable]  
[Note that the designation “yes” simply means that 
the Covered Bonds are intended upon issue to be 
held in a form which would allow Eurosystem 
eligibility (i.e. issued in dematerialised form 
(emesse in forma dematerializzata) and wholly and 
exclusively deposited with Monte Titoli in 
accordance with article 83-bis of Italian Legislative 
Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998, as amended, 
through the authorised institutions listed in article 
83-quater of such legislative decree) and does not 
necessarily mean that the Covered Bonds will be 
recognized as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra day credit operations by 
the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all 
times during their life. Such recognition will 
depend upon the ECB being satisfied that 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.]
 
[European 
Covered 
Bonds 
(premium):]
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
 
DISTRIBUTION 
7. 
(i) Method of distribution:  
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
 
(ii) If syndicated, names of 
Managers: 
[Not Applicable/give names and business address] 
 
(iii) Stabilising Manager(s) (if 
any):
[Not Applicable/give names and business address] 
8. 
If 
non-syndicated, 
name 
of 
Dealer:
[Not Applicable/give names and business address] 
9. 
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
[Not Applicable/Compliant with Regulation S under 
the U.S. Securities Act of 1933]

--- Page 165 ---
165 
10. 
 
[Date 
of 
[Subscription] 
Agreement] 
or 
of 
other 
contractual 
arrangement 
to 
subscribe the Covered Bonds
[Not Applicable/[]] 
 
11 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA 
Retail Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Covered Bonds clearly do not constitute 
“packaged” products, “Not Applicable” should be 
specified. If the Covered Bonds may constitute 
“packaged” products and no KID will be prepared, 
“Applicable” should be specified.)
12 
Prohibition of Sales to UK 
Retail Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Covered Bonds clearly do not constitute 
“packaged” products, or the Covered Bonds do 
constitute 
“packaged” products 
and 
a 
key 
information document will be prepared in the UK 
“Not Applicable” should be specified. If the 
Covered 
Bonds 
may 
constitute 
“packaged” 
products, “Applicable” should be specified.)
 
PROCEEDS 
11. 
Estimated 
net 
amount 
of 
proceeds: 
[] 
12. 
Use of proceeds: 
[][See [“Use of Proceed”] in Base Prospectus] 
(If use of proceeds is different from what is 
disclosed in the Base Prospectus, include those use 
of proceeds here. If the Covered Bonds are Green 
Covered Bonds describe the relevant projects to 
which the net proceeds of the Tranche of Covered 
Bonds will be applied and refer to relevant bond 
framework.)

--- Page 166 ---
166 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds of the issue of each Series of Covered Bonds will be applied by the Issuer as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, either (a) for general funding purposes, or (b) to finance or 
refinance mortgage loans having the same characteristics as those included in the Cover Pool, or (c) 
to finance or refinance, in whole or in part, eligible green loans meeting at least one of the eligibility 
green criteria (the “Eligible Green Loans”) as described in the relevant Final Terms and/or in the 
Issuer’s Green Bond Framework, as amended and supplemented from time to time (the “Green Bond 
Framework”) such Covered Bonds being referred to as “Green Covered Bonds”). 
In relation to the Green Covered Bonds, the Green Bond Framework is based on the Green Bond 
Principles published by the International Capital Markets Association in its 2021 edition (the “Green 
Bond 
Principles”) 
and 
is 
available 
on 
the 
website 
of 
the 
Issuer 
at 
https://www.volksbank.it/it/banca/sostenibilita. It may be further updated or expanded to reflect 
updates to the Green Bond Principles and evolutions in the activities of the BPAA. Group. The Green 
Bond Framework sets out categories of Eligible Green Projects which have been identified by the 
Issuer as part of priority activity sectors within the context of climate change mitigation. 
The Issuer have appointed Sustainable Fitch to provide second party opinion assessing the alignment 
of the Green Bonds Framework with the Green Bond Principles (the “Second Party Opinion”). 
These 
Second 
Party 
Opinion 
is 
be 
available 
on 
the 
website 
of 
the 
Issuer 
at 
https://www.volksbank.it/it/banca/sostenibilita. 
The Issuer will make available a “Green Bond Allocation Report”, either in a separate report or 
included in other reports, such as the general “Covered Bonds Investors Report” or the annual “Non-
Financial Declaration”, as further described under the Green Bond Framework. 
In addition, an impact report about the expected environmental impact of the eligible assets or cover 
pool will be made available at least on an annual basis, subject to the availability of the relevant data, 
as further described under the Green Bond Framework.

--- Page 167 ---
167 
 
THE ISSUER 
OVERVIEW 
Banca Popolare dell'Alto Adige società per azioni (joint stock company) (the "Issuer" or "Banca 
Popolare dell'Alto Adige") is an Italian commercial bank, incorporated and operating under the laws 
of the Republic of Italy, domiciled in Bolzano which carries out lending and funding transactions and 
offers a wide range of retail and commercial banking and other financial services to customers in Italy 
and abroad. The shares of Banca Popolare dell'Alto Adige are not listed on any regulated market.  
The Issuer provides a wide range of services both to individual and corporate customers, including 
current and savings accounts, call and time deposits, short- and medium- term loans, the handling of 
documentary credit and collection, mutual funds and mortgage credit and advice in relation to 
securities and foreign exchange.  
The Issuer's lending to private clients is concentrated on mortgages and personal loans; corporate 
lending is primarily geared toward small/medium size enterprises located in the north-east regions of 
Italy, in the provinces of Bolzano, Trento, Belluno, Treviso, Venice, Vicenza, Padova, Pordenone and 
Udine.  
In 2019, the Issuer became the parent company of Banca Popolare dell'Alto Adige banking group (the 
"Parent Company" and the "Group", respectively) as a result of the acquisition of the controlling 
interest in Voba CB S.r.l., a special purpose vehicle (SPV), which is a the guarantor for the covered 
bonds to be issued by Banca Popolare dell'Alto Adige under the Programme.  
The Group is subject to the consolidated banking supervision. 
Below is set out a diagram of the organization structure of the Group. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The Issuer is not dependent upon other entities within the Group. The share of Banca Popolare 
dell'Alto Adige is considerably fragmented and owned by approximately 56.000 shareholders. 
INCORPORATION, DURATION AND REGISTERED OFFICE 
The Issuer is incorporated under Italian law as a joint stock company (società per azioni) with limited 
liability based on its issued corporate shares.  
Banca Popolare dell'Alto Adige was established on 30 July 1992 following the merger of Banca 
Popolare di Bolzano (founded in 1902) and Banca Popolare di Bressanone (founded in 1889) 
according to Italian law No. 218/1990 (Legge Amato). In 1995, the Issuer acquired Banca Popolare di 
Merano (operating since 1886). On 1 April 2015, Banca Popolare di Marostica was merged into 
Banca Popolare dell'Alto Adige.  
Banca Popolare dell’Alto Adige S.p.A. 
Voba CB  
S.r.l.

--- Page 168 ---
168 
The duration of Banca Popolare dell'Alto Adige has been established until 31 December 2100, and 
may be extended thereafter.  
The Issuer is registered with the Companies Register of Bolzano (Registro imprese di Bolzano) under 
the number 00129730214. It is also registered on the Register of banks (Albo delle banche) and the 
Register of banking groups (Albo dei gruppi bancari), each held by the Bank of Italy, under the 
number 5856 and with the Italian Banking Association (Associazione Bancaria Italiana) under the 
number 05856.  
Banca Popolare dell'Alto Adige's registered office and principal place of business is located in 
Bolzano, Via del Macello 55, Italy, e-mail treasury@volksbank.it, telephone number +39 0471 996 
330.  
Banca Popolare dell’Alto Adige’s Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): 52990033C5FUEN4LMC06 
Banca Popolare dell’Alto Adige’s website: https://www.volksbank.it. 
OBJECT 
Under its by-laws, the corporate purpose of Banca Popolare dell'Alto Adige is deposit-taking and 
provision of all forms of lending services. To that end, the Company is focused on expanding its 
territorial presence through its branch network.  
The Company may also, in compliance with all laws and regulations applicable from time to time and 
subject to obtaining the required authorisations, provide all banking and financial services (including 
issuing of bonds) and security brokerage and transactions, including activities of mutual benefit, and 
perform all other transactions instrumental to or in any way related to the achievement by the 
Company of its corporate purpose, including transactions that may benefit from the "European 
passport" regime.  
In order to pursue its banking objects, the Company may take up membership with associations and 
consortiums and stipulate agreements both in Italy and abroad.  
SHARE CAPITAL 
As at 31 December 2022, the Issuer's issued and fully paid up share capital amounted to Euro 
201,993,752 divided into 50,498,438 ordinary shares. Shares do not have restrictions or privileges of 
any kind and each share gives to the holder voting rights (one vote per share) and equal rights for the 
payment of dividends and redemption of capital, save for 1,533,352 own shares held by the Issuer 
which do not give voting rights or rights for the payment of dividends.  
The shares are issued in dematerialised form on the central depository system in accordance with the 
laws currently in force.  
The shares of Banca Popolare dell'Alto Adige are not listed on any regulated market. From the start of 
trading on the segment Equity Auction of the Vorvel-MTF (25 September 2017) to the auction of 31 
March 2023 2,507,362 shares of the Issuer for a total value of Euro 23,853,555.00 have been traded. 
Vorvel-MTF (Multilateral Trading Facility recognised by CONSOB), is the market organised and 
managed by Vorvel Sim S.p.A. and is specialised in trading bank shares not listed on the regulated 
market.  
Voting rights and limits 
Each share gives the right to one vote.

--- Page 169 ---
169 
Each party entitled to vote may exercise the voting rights without any limitation to the number of 
shares held.  
The right to attend and vote at the shareholders’ meetings may also be given by shareholders to 
persons who are not shareholders of the Issuer. The by-laws of Banca Popolare dell'Alto Adige 
provide for the possibility to delegate the right to attend and vote at the shareholders’ meeting to a 
proxy appointed by the Board of Directors pursuant to voluntary application of the regulations 
applicable to the listed companies.  
Each proxy may represent up to 200 shareholders.  
Members if the Board of Directors or the Board of Statutory Auditors and employees of Banca 
Popolare dell'Alto Adige or its subsidiary companies may not act with proxy given by shareholders.   
MANAGEMENT 
The management of the Issuer comprises the Board of Directors, the Board of Statutory Auditors and 
the General Manager.  
Board of Directors 
The Board of Directors (Consiglio di amministrazione) of Banca Popolare dell'Alto Adige is 
responsible for strategic supervision and oversight of business management and must ensure that the 
risks to which the Issuer is exposed in its business are properly managed. According to the Issure's by-
laws, the Board of Directors may consist of a minimum of nine and maximum of twelve directors, 
appointed by the shareholders' meeting for a period not longer than three years and may be re-elected.  
The Board of Directors in office at the date of this Base Prospectus is comprised of nine members 
appointed at an ordinary shareholders' meeting of the Issuer held on 1st April 2023 for a term of three 
years expiring on the approval of the financial statements for the year ending 31 December 2025.  
The Board of Directors is vested with ordinary and extraordinary powers regarding the administration 
of Banca Popolare dell'Alto Adige, except for those powers reserved specifically for the shareholders 
of the Issuer by Italian laws and the by-laws of Banca Popolare dell'Alto Adige.  
The table below sets forth the composition of the Issuer's Board of Directors as at the date of this Base 
Prospectus and the main positions held by the members of the Board outside the Issuer.  
 
Name 
Position 
Main positions held outside Banca Popolare 
dell’Alto Adige 
Ladurner Lukas 
Chairman 
Sole Director of LL INTERNATIONAL S.P.A. Sole 
Director of Ladurner Group S.P.A.  
Sole Director of Seehof Vigiljoch Srl  
Chairman Board of Directors of Societa' Agricola 
Lagro S.R.L.  
Chairman BoD of Geobau Srl  
Chairman BoD of Loex S.R.L.  
Chairman BoD of Geo Immo ltd  
Director of Gewerbepark Meran Sued srl  
Director of Al-Invest Srl  
Director of Rem-Tec S.R.L.  
Managing Director of Lg Immobilien S.R.L.  
Managing Director of Lmc Immobilien S.R.L.

--- Page 170 ---
170 
Managing Director of Bautechnik S.R.L.  
Director of subsidiary company Bautechnik Green 
Gmbh 
(Austria) 
Director of subsidiary company Teralab srl 
Padovan Giuseppe 
Deputy-chairman 
Mu.Bre. Costruzioni Srl - Joint control with wife 
Senior partner of Law Firm Studio Plura  
Director of Aquachiara Srl  
Standing auditor of Label IT spa  
Booster srl Under significant influence 
Salvà Lorenzo 
Deputy-chairman 
Senior Partner of Law firm Studio legale Salvà 
Mellarini De Carlo – Merano BZ 
Director of SAGE spa 
Board Director of Merano Tourist 
Gaia S.r.l. Under significant influence 
Marin Margherita 
Non-executive, 
Independent Director 
Senior 
Partner 
of 
Inazienda 
srl 
società 
tra 
professionisti  
Limited partner of Labordent sas di Narduzzo 
Alessandro & C. 
 
Chairman 
Board 
of 
Statutory 
Auditors 
- 
Calzaturificio S.C.A.R.P.A. spa  
Legal director Antea srl in liquidation  
Liquidator of Edilizia Friulana Nord srl - in 
liquidation 
Sorriso Sano Srl Subsidiary 
Peer Johannes 
Executive Director 
Signatory of Individual enterprice of Peer Johannes 
Managing Director/ Director of Obfinim spa 
Chairman Board of Directors/Managing Director of 
Sport Alliance International spa 
Director/Procurator of Sportler spa 
Director of Meran Centrum Parking AG 
Managing Director of Lunar Sport srl 
Director of Dot Wear srl 
Managing Director of Bergzeit Outdoor GmbH 
(Germany) 
Procurator of Bergzeit GmbH (Germany) 
Procurator of Peak GmbH (Germany)  
Gasser Christina 
Non-executive, 
Independent Director 
Joint Control of Stuefer&Gasser 
Metrangolo 
Alessandro 
Non-executive, 
Independent Director 
Procurator of Blue SGR Spa 
Tauber Margit 
 Executive Director 
Deputy Chairman BoD of Südtiroler Kinderdof 
cooperative society Onlus  
Deputy Chairman BoD of Thermo-system ltd 
Marini Federico  
Non-executive, 
Independent Director 
Managing Director of ICOS spa  
Sole director of ICOS Deutschland GmbH (Germany)

--- Page 171 ---
171 
Managing 
Director 
of 
Brainworks 
Computer-
Technologie GmbH (Germany) 
 
The business address of each member of the Board of Directors is at the Issuer’s registered office in 
via del Macello 55, I-39100 Bolzano, Italy.  
General Manager 
Pursuant to the by-laws of the Issuer, the General Manager, as the head of the operating structure, 
oversees the implementation of the resolutions adopted by the Board of Directors, conducts day-to-
day operations and affairs of the Issuer and exercises any other powers conferred on him by the Board 
of Directors.  
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the General Manager of the Issuer is Mr. Alberto Naef, who 
joined the Company in 2020. His business address is at the registered office of the Issuer in via del 
Macello 55, I-39100, Bolzano, Italy.  
Board of Statutory Auditors 
Under Italian law, the shareholders must appoint a Board of Statutory Auditors (Collegio sindacale), 
to be composed of three standing auditors and two alternate auditors. The Board of Statutory Auditors 
in charge as at the date of this Base Prospectus was appointed at the ordinary and extraordinary 
shareholders' meeting of the Issuer held on 30 March 2022 for a term of three years, ending on the 
date of the shareholders´ meeting called to approve the Issuer´s financial statements for the year 
ending 31 December 2024.  
The Board of Statutory Auditors is responsible for overseeing the management of the Issuer and 
verifying compliance of the Issuer with applicable Italian laws and Banca Popolare dell'Alto Adige's 
by-laws. It is also responsible for ensuring that Banca Popolare dell'Alto Adige's organization, internal 
auditing and accounting system are adequate and reliable. The Board of Statutory Auditors is required 
to meet at least on a quarterly basis and is required by law to attend the Board of Directors' meetings 
and the shareholders' meetings.  
The table below sets forth the composition of the Issuer's Board of Statutory Auditors as at the date of 
this Base Prospectus and the main positions held by the Standing members of the Board outside the 
Issuer. 
Name 
Position 
Main positions held outsite Banca Popolare dell'Alto 
Adige 
Hesse Georg 
Chairman 
Chairman Board of Statutory Auditors of Roefix Spa 
Statutory Auditor of Botzen Invest Euregio Finance AG 
Statutory Auditor of Eisackwerk Rio Pusteria Srl 
Auditor of Foppa Srl 
Auditor of Haas I&S Srl  
Sole Statutory Auditor of Infominds Spa 
Auditor of Molino Merano srl 
Statutory Auditor of Roner spa 
Auditor of Haas Srl Sole 
Statutory Auditor of Central Parking Spa 
Chairman Board of Statutory Auditors of Stiftung der

--- Page 172 ---
172 
Name 
Position 
Main positions held outsite Banca Popolare dell'Alto 
Adige 
Bienenkorb 
Auditor of Mondo Lievito Madre srl 
Statutory Auditor of Infocloud spa 
Limited partner of Pelletteria Hesse Sas Di Barbara Hesse 
& Co. 
Senior Partner of Hesse & Partner 
General Partner of Risberg Kg des Georg Hesse 
Sole Director of Saelen S.R.L 
Cazzulani Rosella 
Standing Auditor 
Statutory Auditor of Coima SGR  
Rigo Sabrina  
Standing Auditor 
Director of Crowe Bompani spa  
Crowe Bompani Academy spa  
Chairman Board of Statutory Auditors of Laica spa  
Standing auditor of Rachael srl  
Standing auditor of Ritmo spa  
Auditor of F.V.L. srl 
Dapoz Nadia 
 
Alternate Auditor 
 
Consultant of Certified public accountants firm Studio 
Hager & Partner – Bolzano BZ, Milano MI, Roma RM 
Lorenzon Emilio 
Alternate Auditor 
Partner of Certified public accountants firm Studio 
Sozietatet Pichler - Dejori - Comploj - Partner - Bolzano 
BZ 
The business address of the members of the Board of Statutory Auditors is at the Issuer´s registered 
office in via del Macello 55, I-39100 Bolzano, Italy. 
Conflicts of interest 
Transactions with related parties are governed by the CONSOB (Commissione Nazionale per le 
Società e la Borsa) Regulation No. 17221 dated 12 March 2010 (as amended by the CONSOB's 
Decisions No. 17389 of 23 June 2010, No. 19925 of 22 March 2017 and No. 19974 of 17 April 2017) 
("CONSOB Regulation 17221") and the Bank of Italy's Provisions dated 12 December 2011 ("Bank 
of Italy Provisions") on a new oversight framework on risk and conflicts of interest with related 
parties. The regulatory provisions provide that any transactions, whether or not made for payment, a 
bank enters into with a related party (as defined by CONSOB in accordance with IAS 24) or with any 
associated party (which, according to the Bank of Italy, includes related parties and parties having 
connection to related parties) should be:  
 
identified;  
 
monitored in accordance with specific indices and the Bank of Italy's prudent ratios;  
 
where appropriate, subject to a special decision-making process, and  
 
notified in compliance with requirements under transparency and accounting rules.  
The special conditions of  procedure, transparency and quantity established by the Bank of Italy are 
applicable to related parties transactions and aim to create a system of oversight for transactions with

--- Page 173 ---
173 
related parties that can potentially influence the decision-making process when granting financing  and 
when conducting financial negotiations concerning the Issuer which may potentially cause damage to 
the stability of a bank's capital at the expense of the deposit holders and its shareholders. Under the 
regulatory framework, company representatives are listed among the parties that could influence the 
bank's operations. Furthermore, the conflict of interest could also arise in the situations where the 
Issuer has a significant exposure to one party or when the Issuer holds a substantial interest in any 
given company.  
The regulatory framework requires the banks to adopt appropriate procedures designed to ensure the 
oversight of transactions with related or associated parties in accordance with their connection with 
the bank's decision-makers and their relations with each other.  
By the resolutions of 25 October 2010 and most recently of 19 May 2023, as amended, the Board of 
Directors of the Issuer adopted the procedures necessary to ensure compliance with Article 2391-bis 
of the Italian Civil Code, the CONSOB Regulation 17221 and the Bank of Italy Provisions. As of 1 
January 2011, any transactions, services or obligations which are or may be deemed risky, regardless 
of whether such transactions, services or obligations are entered into or performed for payment or a 
company directly or indirectly controlled by Banca Popolare dell'Alto Adige, with related parties or 
associated parties will have to be monitored and will be subject to a special decision making and 
reporting procedure. When the related or associated parties’ transactions are deemed to be substantial 
in light of the regulatory provisions, such transactions must be accounted for in relation to the relevant 
related party and a connection between the related party and associated parties must be assessed.  
As of 1 January 2012, any financing granted to related parties and parties having connection to related 
parties must not exceed the prudential threshold set forth by the Bank of Italy.  
In light of the Issuer's organisation structure as at the date of this Base Prospectus, the following 
persons are considered to be the parties related to Banca Popolare dell'Alto Adige:  
(a) members of the Board of Directors, members of the Board of Statutory Auditors, the General 
Manager and his substitute;  
(b) companies controlled by the Issuer or companies over which the Issuer exercises considerable 
influence or companies under control by a company belonging to the banking group of the Issuer, 
if and when such banking group is established.  
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the following are considered to be parties connected to the 
related parties of Banca Popolare dell'Alto Adige:  
(a) companies controlled by a party related to Banca Popolare dell'Alto Adige; 
(b) relatives of up to the 2-degree, spouse (not legally separated) or common-law spouse and children 
of a spouse/common-law spouse of any related party indicated under letter (a); 
(c) companies, including without legal personality, where parties under letters (a) and (d) hold direct 
or indirect control or considerable influence.  
In 2022, the Issuer did not enter into any atypical transactions with the members of its Board of 
Directors, where such transactions could have a significant effect on the Issuer's assets. All 
transactions with the members of the Board of Directors were related to the ordinary activities of the 
Issuer. Such transactions are regulated in accordance with market standards and with the applicable 
supervisory authority and company regulations.

--- Page 174 ---
174 
The Issuer is not aware of any conflict of interest that exists or may exist between the duties owed to it 
by the members of the Board of Directors, the Board of Statutory Auditors and the General Manager 
and their private interests and other duties outside the Issuer and there are no activities performed by 
the directors of the Issuer outside the Issuer that could be considered significant with respect to the 
Issuer.  
INDEPENDENT AUDITORS 
In accordance with applicable Italian laws and regulations, the financial statements of the Issuer must 
be audited by an independent auditing company appointed by a resolution of the Issuer's ordinary 
shareholders' meeting and that such appointment must be approved by the Board of Statutory 
Auditors.  
The independent auditors of the Issuer are KPMG S.p.A. ("KPMG"), with a registered office at Via 
Vittor Pisani 27, 20124 Milan, Italy. KPMG is registered on the Register of certified auditors 
(Registro dei revisori legali) held by the Ministry of Economy and Finance ("MEF") pursuant to 
Legislative Decree No. 39 of 27 January 2010. The shareholders' meeting of Banca Popolare dell'Alto 
Adige appointed KPMG to audit the Issuer's consolidated financial statements for the years 2019 – 
2027.  
Pursuant to Italian Legislative Decree No. 38 of 28 February 2005 (as amended by Article 1, 
paragraph 1070 of Law No. 145 of 30 December 2018), Italian banks, which have securities admitted 
to trading on a regulated market, are required to prepare, starting from annual financial statements as 
at and for the year ended 31 December 2006, their non-consolidated annual financial statements in 
accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards issued by the IASB (International 
Accounting Standards Board) ("IFRS") and as adopted by the European Union. Financial statements 
of the Issuer prepared before such date were prepared in accordance with Legislative Decree No. 87 of 
27 January 1992 and with the generally accepted accounting principles in Italy issued by the Consiglio 
Nazionale dei Dottori Commercialisti e degli esperti contabili ("Italian GAAP").  
ORDINARY SHAREHOLDERS' MEETINGS 
Pursuant to Article 11 of the Issuer's by-laws, the ordinary shareholders' meeting of Banca Popolare 
dell'Alto Adige is called at least once a year within 120 days of the end of the Issuer's fiscal year.  
The shareholders' meeting is held in general on a single call.  
The publication of a notice of shareholders' meeting has to comply with the requirements established 
by law and regulations applicable from time to time.  
The notice of call is published in the Official Gazette of the Republic of Italy (Gazzetta Ufficiale) or in 
one of the two national daily newspapers "Il Sole 24 Ore" or "Milano Finanza" at least 20 days prior 
to the date proposed for the shareholders' meeting.  
When held on a single call, the ordinary shareholders' meeting is deemed to be duly constituted 
irrespective of the portion of the share capital represented and the resolutions are passed with the 
favourable vote of the absolute majority of the share capital represented at the meeting.  
Multiple calls are defined by Article 16, paragraph 2 and Article 17, paragraph 2 of the Issuer's by-
laws.  
The resolutions of the shareholders' meeting are adopted by an open vote.  
FISCAL YEAR

--- Page 175 ---
175 
The fiscal year of the Issuer is the calendar year.  
BRANCHES 
As at 31 December 2022, the Issuer had a network of 167 branches located in the Italian northeast 
provinces of Bolzano, Trento, Belluno, Treviso, Vicenza, Padova, Pordenone and Venice (as 
compared to 177 branches as at 31 December 2021).  
EQUITY INVESTMENTS 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, Banca Popolare dell'Alto Adige is the Parent Company of the 
Group. 
COMPANIES CONTROLLED BY THE ISSUER 
Company name (*)  
Registered 
Office 
Activity 
Total 
assets 
Stake 
 
 
 
(euro thousands) 
Voba Invest S.r.l. in liquidazione  Bolzano 
Private Equity 
2,106 
100% 
Valpolicella 
Alta 
Società 
Agricola S.r.l.  
Bolzano 
Vineyards cultivation 
2,823 
100% 
Quartiere Brizzi S.r.l. 
Bolzano 
Real 
estate 
development 
company 
8,967 
100 % 
Voba CB S.r.l. 
Conegliano 
Special 
Purpose 
Vehicle 
67 
60% 
(*) The figures for the equity investments are derived from the Issuer’s financial statements as at and for the year 
ended 31 December 2022. 
RATING 
The rating agencies Standard & Poor's ("S&P"), Fitch Ratings ("Fitch") and DBRS Ratings Limited 
("DBRS") currently assign ratings to the Issuer.  
S&P  
On 28 March 2023, following the conclusion of the annual rating review, S&P affirmed the "BB+" 
long-term rating of Banca Popolare dell'Alto Adige as well as the outlook "stable". At the same time, it 
confirmed the "B" creditworthiness rating for the short term.  
On 19 May 2023, S&P revised the outlook of Banca Popolare dell’Alto Adige to “positive” from 
“stable” and affirmed the 'BB+/B' long- and short-term issuer credit ratings. This rating action follows 
the agencies’ changed view of a positive trend for the economic risks Italian banks face and reflects its 
view that in the following 12-24 months the creditworthiness of Banca Popolare dell'Alto Adige could 
improve.  
S&P could consider an upgrade if it concludes that the bank’s creditworthiness has strengthened and is 
consistent with other banks rated investment grade. In the agency’s view, this would most likely 
happen if it perceived that economic risks faced by Italian banks have diminished, resulting in our 
projections on Banca Popolare dell’Alto Adige’s RAC ratio sustainably exceeding the 7% threshold

--- Page 176 ---
176 
over the next two years and the bank’s asset quality metrics remain resilient to the remaining 
macroeconomic uncertainty, and operating efficiency improves. 
S&P would revise the outlook back to stable if it became less confident about the positive effects of 
Italy’s economic performance on Banca Popolare dell’Alto Adige’s creditworthiness. 
S&P Global Ratings Europe - Italian Branch is established in the European Union and registered under 
the CRA Regulation. 
Fitch Ratings 
On 29 March 2023, Fitch Ratings affirmed the "Long-Terms Issuer Default Rating" of Banca Popolare 
dell'Alto Adige as "BB+/stable" and the "Short-Term Issuer Default Rating" as "B".  
The rating assigned to the Issuer by Fitch takes into consideration the bank’s business model as a 
regional bank with an adequate funding from a stable deposit franchise. In the agency’s view, the asset 
quality is improving but remains weaker than the domestic industry average. 
In the agency's view, there is limited scope for an upgrade given Banca Popolare dell'Alto Adige 's 
moderate business profile, unless it manages to improve operating profit above 2% of risk-weighted 
assets (RWAs) on broader business diversification and structurally reduces its impaired loans ratio 
below 4%, while maintaining a CET1 ratio at least close to current levels. 
In the opinion of Fitch, Banca Popolare dell’Alto Adige’s ratings have headroom to absorb expected 
modest asset quality deterioration. However, the ratings could be downgraded if the economic 
slowdown, combined with raising rates and inflation, results in the impaired loans ratio rising above 
8%, especially if it results in capital encumbrance by unreserved impaired loans increasing 
substantially on a sustained basis. A downgrade would also occur if the bank's structural operating 
profitability deteriorates materially. 
Fitch Italia S.p.A. is established in the European Union and registered under CRA Regulation. 
DBRS Morningstar 
On 16 May 2023, DBRS Morningstar confirmed Banca Popolare dell'Alto Adige's "Long-Term Issuer 
Rating" of "BBB (low)/trend stable" and the "Short-Term Issuer Rating" of "R-2 (middle)".  
In the rating agency’s view, the confirmation of the ratings and the Stable trend take into account the 
Bank’s stable franchise in its home region of Trentino-Alto Adige, its stable funding and liquidity 
position, as well as progress in reducing its stock of non-performing loans (NPLs) and in improving 
profitability. In the rating agency’s opinion, Banca Popolare dell’Alto Adige has continued to reduce 
its NPLs, and the formation of new bad loans has remained manageable to date. Nonetheless, asset 
quality metrics still remain relatively weak by international standards. In addition, the current 
environment poses risks to asset quality due to higher interest rates, high inflation, and weaker 
economic prospects. The ratings also take into consideration the concentration risk arising from Banca 
Popolare dell’Alto Adige’s sizeable exposure to Italian government bonds. 
The ratings also consider that the Bank’s underlying profitability, despite having improved in 2022, 
remains modest and constrained by low revenue diversification and modest operating efficiency. 
DBRS expects higher interest rates to support revenue generation in 2023. This will likely offset the 
pressure from higher funding costs and risks to asset quality. 
DBRS Ratings GmbH is established in the European Union and registered under CRA Regulation.

--- Page 177 ---
177 
LITIGATION 
In the ordinary course of its business activities as a financial institution, the Issuer is involved in 
various legal proceedings both as claimant and as defendant. Such proceedings are managed in 
accordance with principles of ordinary diligence and care. 
CAPITAL ADEQUACY 
The Bank of Italy has adopted risk-based capital ratios pursuant to the Directive 2013/36/EU of the 
European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 2013 on access to the activity of credit institutions 
and the prudential supervision of credit institution and investment firms ("CRD IV") and the 
Regulation (EU) No. 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 2013 on 
prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment firms ("CRR" and together the "Capital 
Adequacy Directives"), Italy's current requirements are similar to the requirements imposed by the 
international framework for capital measurement and capital standards of banking institutions of the 
Basel Committee on Banking Supervision . The capital ratios consist of core (Tier 1), which consists of 
Common Equity Tier 1 (CET 1) and Additional Tier 1 (AT1), and supplemental (Tier 2) capital 
requirements relating to Banca Popolare dell'Alto Adige's assets and certain off-balance sheet items 
weighted according to risks ("risk-weighted assets").  
Under the Bank of Italy's regulations, as of 6 April 2023, Banca Popolare dell'Alto Adige is required to 
maintain a total capital ratio (the ratio of total capital to total risk-weighted assets) of 12.00 per cent 
(on a non-consolidated basis), which is composed of a binding 9.25 per cent. (of which 8 per cent. as a 
result of the mandatory minimum requirement and 1.50 per cent. as a result of additional requirements 
determined by the SREP outcome) and for the remaining part by the capital conservation buffer 
component and a target component in view of a higher risk exposure under stress conditions equal to 
1.00% (Pillar 2 Guidance).  
The following table shows the composition of the Banca Popolare dell'Alto Adige's Regulatory 
Capital, as established by the Bank of Italy's rules, on a non-consolidated basis as at 30 June 2023, 31 
December 2022 and 31 December 2021: 
 
30/06/2023 
(Unaudited) 
31/12/2022
(Audited)
31/12/2021
(Audited)
 
(euro thousands) 
Total Common Equity Tier 1 Capital  
(CET1) 
820,495
805,615
815,725
Tier 2 Capital 
100,000
100,000
130,000
Items for deduction 
0
0
0
Total own funds 
920,495
905,615
945,725
Capital to cover market risk 
579
315
635
Capital to cover credit and counterparty  risk 
397,888
389,737
375,702
Capital to cover other risks 
0
0
0
Capital to cover operational risk 
42,806
42,806
38,813
Total prudential requirements 
441,272
432,858
415,150

--- Page 178 ---
178 
Free capital (1) 
479,222
472,757
520,470
Risk-weighted assets (RWA) 
5,515,902
5,410,721
5,189,379
Common 
Equity 
Tier 
1 
capital/Risk-
weighted assets (CET1 capital ratio) 
14.88%
14.89%
15.52%
Tier 1 capital/Risk-weighted assets (Tier 1 
capital ratio) 
14.88%
14.89%
15.52%
Total own funds/Risk-weighted assets (Total 
capital ratio) 
16.69%
16.74%
18.03%
(1) Free capital represents the capital available for investments in fixed assets or equity investments.  
LOANS AND FUNDING 
The following table provides a breakdown of the Issuer's non-consolidated loan portfolio as at 31 
December 2022 and 31 December 2021 according to category of debtor and type of loan: 
 
  
31.12.2022
31.12.2021
(Audited)
(Audited)
  
  
Value
Value
  
(euro thousands)
(euro thousands)
Current accounts and on demand deposits 
Current accounts and on demand deposits at Central banks 
                975,054                          
-  
Current accounts and on demand deposits at banks 
                   4,792                    3,473  
Total current accounts and on demand deposits 
              979,846 
                  3,473 
Loans to Banks 
Due to central banks 
                 87,462 
            1,597,646 
Deposits 
                        50 
                        50 
Other 
                        -  
                        -  
Structured securities 
                 11,197 
                   1,000 
Other debt securities 
                 82,882 
                 48,986 
Total loans to banks 
              181,591 
           1,647,682 
  
Loans to customers 
Current accounts 
                778,860 
                757,266 
Mortgages 
            5,833,001 
            5,813,084 
Credit cards, personal loans and salary-backed loans 
                 76,112 
               106,051 
Repurchase agreements 
                        -  
                        -  
Receivables represented by securities 
                        -  
                        -  
Non performing loans 
               167,887 
               205,937 
Other 
               500,654 
               502,153 
Structured securities 
                 19,355 
                 22,001 
Other debt securities 
             2,957,599 
             2,880,769 
Total loans to customers 
         10,333,468 
         10,287,261

--- Page 179 ---
179 
Total loans 
         10,515,059 
         11,934.943 
LIQUIDITY AND FUNDING RATIOS 
The table below sets forth the liquidity and funding ratios of Banca Popolare dell'Alto Adige as at 30 
June 2023, 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2021. 
 
30/06/2023 
31/12/2022
31/12/2021
 
(euro million) 
Deposits from government / central banks
1,450.1 
2,458.7
2,476.4
Deposits from other banks 
153.4 
170.0
192.5
Direct deposits and current accounts 
8,397.2 
8,345.1
8,146.1
Repos 
74.3  
278.8
671.4
Other funding 
79.5 
77.4
74.7
Debt securities in issue, trading and FV 
liabilities 
404.5 
399.9
436.3
Total 
10,559.0 
11,729.9
11,997.4
LCR (*) 
 
  229%
235%
NSFR (**) 
 
137%
137%
(*) The LCR of the Issuer amounted to approximately 241% as at 30 June 2023. 
(**) The NSFR of the Issuer amounted to approximately 130% as at 30 June 2023. 
NON-PERFORMING LOANS 
The following table sets out non-consolidated information on the Issuer's non-performing loans at 
amortized cost (where the borrower is insolvent or in a comparable position, regardless of any forecast 
or actual losses, excluding off-balance sheet exposure) as at 30 June 2023, 31 December 2022 and 31 
December 2021: 
 
30/06/2023 
(Unaudited) 
 
31/12/2022 
(Audited) 
31/12/2021 
(Audited) 
Value 
(euro thousands) 
 
Value 
(euro thousands) 
 
Value 
(euro thousands) 
 
Non-performing loans, 
nominal 
358,165 
 
384,430 
 
448,001 
 
Provisions 
205,140 
 
216,543 
 
242,064 
 
Non-performing loans, 
net 
153,025 
 
167,887 
 
205,937 
 
LOAN LOSSES AND PROVISIONS

--- Page 180 ---
180 
The following table sets out non-consolidated information on the Issuer's loan losses and provisions as 
at 30 June 2023, 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2021 (excluding off-balance sheet exposure): 
 
30/06/2023
(Unaudited)
 
31/12/2022
(Audited)
31/12/2021
(Audited) 
 
(euro thousands) 
Total loans to customers, net 
exposure 
7,750,182 
7,442,401
7,466,817 
Write-downs 
effected 
against 
loans 
and 
allocations 
for 
guarantees and commitments 
94,455 
82,821
88,849 
Total provision for loan losses 
300,515 
299,365
330,913 
Write-downs as percentage of 
loans to customers(*) 
1.22% 
1.11%
1.19% 
Total provision for loan losses as 
percentage of loans to customers 
(*) 
3.88% 
4.02%
4.43% 
(*) For the purpose of calculating the ratio, loans to customers include the total provision for loan losses.  
OFF BALANCE SHEET EXPOSURE 
The following table sets out non-consolidated information regarding the Issuer’s off-balance sheet 
exposure as at 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2021:  
  
31/12/2022
(Audited)
Value
31/12/2021
(Audited)
Value
 
Impaired off balance sheet exposure, nominal 
44,109
20,832
Other off balance sheet exposure, nominal 
2,930,798
3,496,602
Portfolio adjustments 
0
0
Impaired off balance sheet exposure, net 
35,806
15,412
Other off balance sheet exposure, net 
2,929,271
3,494,392
STRATEGY 
In December 2020, the Board of Directors of the Issuer approved the new Strategic Plan "Sustainable 
2021-2023". In the second quarter of 2021, the plan was updated from a quantitative perspective on 
the basis of the new macroeconomic and sectoral scenarios (based on conservative and realistic 
assumptions).

--- Page 181 ---
181 
The Strategic Plan "Sustainable 2023" of the Banca Popolare dell'Alto Adige is based on 7 pillars. It is 
geared towards autonomous growth and sustainable development of the bank in the Northeast of Italy. 
Volksbank continues to be a clear point of reference in the region and, with the new plan, aims to 
further increase market share and the number of customers. Supporting customers' financial needs is 
based on excellence and speed of service, as well as on a renewed and expanded range of products and 
services, also from a digital point of view. 
Vision of the bank in 3-5 years:  
- 
sustainable bank, focused on retail and SME segments, with excellence in customer relations, 
relevant in the Northeast 
- 
facilitator of transformation for community economies 
 
Strategic focus of the 7 pillars: 
 
Virtuous growth of volumes & customers:  
o Commercial strategy: greater diversification between historical market and 
acquisition market:  
 
historical market: generalist bank with customer centric approach 
 
acquisition markets: more selective "product based" policies to grow faster 
o Product boost: 
 
confirmation of “first home mortgage” as anchor product 
 
relaunch of asset management with a differentiated model of 3 advisory levels 
 
confirmation and acceleration of bancassurance strategy 
 
new strategy on personal finance and salary-backed loans to boost 
commissions (new partnership and strong commercial drive) 
o Credit strategy:  
 
stronger focus on loans with state guarantees (RWA optimisation) and 
subsidised loans 
 
preference for loans with strong territorial connection 
 
preference for loans linked to sustainable investments (ESG) 
 
confirmation and further development of sectoral specialisations (e.g. 
manufacturing, tourism, agriculture) 
 
 
Digital native omnichannel: 
o Innovation in proposing customer services: strong focus on “remote signature”, 
Digital onboarding, off-site offer (customer advisor in mobility);  
o Digitisation of the operating procedures for the sale and management of 
products/services 
o Confirmation of the strategy to physically be present into the territory through the 
branches, in a variety of formats (hub, spoke, light, specialized) 
o Greater focus of the commercial network on value-added activities of a consultative 
nature 
o Investments in factors enabling advanced customer management, data governance, 
CRM, campaign management 
o Payments: implementation of the optimisation projects ”Issuing” & “Acquiring" 
 
Sustainibility:

--- Page 182 ---
182 
o Culture: changing the attitudes of the Bank's employees and awareness of 
sustainability issues with a positive impact on the quality of life in the company 
o Lending: disbursement of ~€1bn in green home loans (when fully implemented) and in 
loans to companies with high ESG rating  
o Funding: Adoption of a sustainable-friendly approach with issuing a green bond  
o Managed deposits: Objective of achieving 80% of new subscriptions of 
o subscriptions of funds rated MSCI ≥ A and 35% of the stock with an MSCI rating ≥ AA 
o Implementation of SRI investment strategies for the Bank's securities portfolio 
o “Carbon neutrality”as target with a variety of initiatives; paperless & plastic free 
policies 
 
 
Asset quality and “capital light” banking: 
o Continuation of deleveraging activities and reduction of the cost of risk through the 
disposal of NPL portfolios 
o “Capital light banking”:  
 
optimisation of capital absorption by actively managing the risk profile 
 
Full exploitation of SME supporting factor and RWA optimisation on personal 
finance 
 
Increase of state guarantees of unsecured loans 
o Revision of the process of granting credit to private and corporate customers 
 
Process efficiency: 
o Digitisation focus of the core IT-processes: (i) Loans (i.e. review of the rating system, 
review of origination processes, etc.); (ii) Transactional (i.e. simplified sale of basic 
products); (iii) Investments (i.e. administration of the MIFID questionnaire). 
o IT-System: renegotiation of the main IT outsourcer with the goal of a significant cost 
saving and new implementation approach (co-creation & cost sharing) 
o Cost management: reduction of the “other administrative expenses” with a stronger 
re-negotiation approach (i.e. less cost owners, single buyer);  
o New service model: characterized by a lower degree of organizational complexity and 
simplification of interactions between the customer and the Bank 
 
Management & Risk Control System 
o Credit risk: new process of credit monitoring and early warning system;  
further development of the rating systemHuman Capital: 
o Review of the Internal Control System, with the aim of equipping the Bank with more 
effective and automated detection systems  
o AML: Revision of the current anti-money laundering process in relation to both the 
operational profile and the new clients that will be acquired  
o MIFID: new profiling process of the Bank's customers 
 
 
Human Capital (HR) 
o Skills development / training:  
 
preparation of standard and customised training plans and identification of 
internal tutors 
 
Constant training focus on consultancy and sales, developing specialist skills, 
and strengthening soft skills.

--- Page 183 ---
183 
 
Preparation of managerial programmes aimed at developing problem-solving 
and decision-making capacities 
 
Programmes aimed at improving the strategic vision and mindset of the bank 
o Talent management: mechanisms for job retention, employer branding (i.e. job 
rotation, advanced training) and training) and career paths. 
CREDIT RISK MANAGEMENT AND RECOVERY POLICIES 
Organisational issues 
Credit risk is the risk of incurring losses due to a default by counterparty or the risk that a debtor or 
counterparty fails to meet its financial obligations (more in particular, failure to make a full repayment 
of loans). This is one of the main risks that the Issuer faces. The risk affects all financial activities of 
the Issuer, in particular loans, securities, and all committed facilities in relation to guarantees issued or 
funding for distribution commitments. The analysis and assessment of credit risk mainly involves the 
quality and reliability of debtors and risk concentration. 
Under the Issuer's internal rules and procedures on credit management, risk assessment is based on the 
principles of prudence. The full documentation that is required for an appropriate assessment of a 
debtor's creditworthiness is obtained at the time when a loan application is made. The documentation 
obtained must permit an assessment of the appropriate level of the amount and type of the loan as well 
as the project for which the loans is required. It must also permit a determination of the debtor's 
characteristics and qualities, taking into consideration of the dealings the debtor has and/or had with 
Banca Popolare dell'Alto Adige in the past, taken as a whole. 
Pursuant to Title IV, Chapter 5 of the Supervisory Instructions (Istruzioni di Vigilanza) of the Bank of 
Italy, where there are connections of a legal or financial nature between customers of the Issuer, such 
customers are to be grouped together in terms of the risk they represent as a group (an economic group 
or a risk group). 
At the time a loan is granted or renewed, there is an obligation to examine the current risks the 
applicant represents to the Issuer, and that of any group with which such applicant is connected. 
When customer risk increases, the aim of credit management is to contain the Issuer's risk by promptly 
implementing all such measures that may be necessary or required. 
In order to maintain correct and prudent credit management, in accordance with the Supervisory 
Instructions (Title IV, Chapter 11, Section II), Banca Popolare dell'Alto Adige has introduced 
appropriate systems for the identification, measurement and control of risks. In addition, a well-
structured internal framework, which is regularly checked to ensure its efficiency, is in place to clearly 
define activities, roles and responsibilities of relevant persons at the Issuer during all phases of the loan 
process and to ensure the necessary separation between operational and control functions. 
These controls form an integral part of the Issuer's daily activities and can be divided into the following 
three categories: 
 
line controls: carried out by the management of the organisational unit of the retail network (in 
particular, through limit excess and unpaid instalment verification performed by branches by 
means of special procedures and periodic progress report analysis) and by services functionally

--- Page 184 ---
184 
dependent on the credit management department (offices responsible for credit assessment and the 
non performing loans analysis department); 
 
special monitoring: carried out by the second level independent control functions, i.e. risk 
management and compliance. The risk management function is in charge of carefully monitoring 
credit risk by seeking to establish methods for measuring risk, ensuring that limits imposed are 
strictly complied with and that transactions are carried out consistently. The compliance function is 
responsible for ensuring that internal procedures are consistent with the aim of preventing 
violations of laws and regulations and/or internal regulations adopted by Banca Popolare dell'Alto 
Adige; 
 
audits: performed by the internal audit department as part of its on-site and remote auditing duties, 
for the purpose of verifying credit quality, the accuracy of procedures, and well informed decision-
making by the relevant departments responsible for allocating and managing credit. 
Management, measurement and monitoring systems  
The lending process has the following structure: 
 
granting of a loan, which comprises: application, review, approval, completion of loan and any 
security to be provided; 
 
credit management, which comprises: drawings, monitoring, loan reviews, irregular loan 
management; and 
 
management of non-performing loans and credit recovery. 
The first and most important stage in measuring and managing credit risk takes place at the time the 
loan is granted and, in particular, during initial application process, when the persons involved are 
identified, the documentation is gathered and reviewed, the various databases consulted and the offer 
drawn up. 
The application procedure is supported by different forms of information technology and different 
skilled personnel structures depending on the kind of customer involved (private individuals, small 
businesses or corporate clients). In any case, the decision whether to grant the loan is made by the 
branch or local area if the sums do not exceed certain thresholds and by the Issuer's central bodies 
when amounts of the loan exceed the predefined thresholds; information technology is used to make an 
assessment of creditworthiness of the applicant at the time new loans are granted using both internal 
and external information sources. 
Notwithstanding the above, the Board of Directors retains full discretion with regard to the risks that 
may be accepted; the Chairman has certain powers reserved to him by the Issuer's by-laws and the 
Executive Committee is vested with certain powers to address the urgent matters. The maximum credit 
limit that can be agreed for a business group, individual counterparty that is not a bank or a member of 
a banking group is established as 10 per cent. of the Own Funds ("Fondi Propri") (Euro 905.6 million 
as at 31 December 2022). 
Among the credit risk monitoring and management tasks, the internal rating system is particularly 
important as it allows credit managers to verify developments in customer credit ratings and identify

--- Page 185 ---
185 
positions under their control that show a reduction in the rating. This system is based on a scoring 
system which gives the customer a ranking based on a sliding scale of credit quality. Its calculation is 
based on performance indicators regarding the loan and various information from the Issuer's computer 
systems which enable any variation in the level of risk associated with the counterparty to be detected. 
The data management by the internal rating system is subject to constant analysis and verification by 
the Risk Management Office, particularly to measure and verify the system's predictive capacity for all 
customer types by means of appropriate statistical approaches. 
The process to monitor credit is also guaranteed over the long-term by an automatic classification 
system for irregular positions (GDC, Credit Management), which uses an early warning engine to 
detect any substandard situations, starting from the performance rating and a series of daily indicators. 
In addition to the usual risk classes for impaired credit established by the supervisory body (past-due, 
unlikely-to-pay, forborne and doubtful loans), the system also provides three classes for performing 
customers: 
 
loans under observation are those that show minor and/or repeated irregularities. Network 
managers are in charge of managing and monitoring such loans; 
 
medium risk loans are loans that continuously and repeatedly show performance-type irregularities 
(credit limit exceeded, instalments in arrears, high percentage of overdue bills, etc.), in the risk 
centre (reduction in notifying banks, short-term loan consolidation) or in the financial statements 
and for which payment is expected within 12 months after qualitative and quantitative processing 
of the loan; 
 
high risk loans are loans with significant overdrafts / arrears of more than 30 days (pre past due), 
with particular events that have occurred, with a significant increase in credit risk, but without 
further risk of insolvency and / or without risk of loss and where a regularization / normalization 
within 12 months through a qualitative and quantitative reworking of the position. 
Deteriorated financial activities 
Loans exhibiting particularly serious negative signs or events are classified as impaired, and in turn 
allocated to one of the following categories according to level of impairment: 
 
doubtful loans: payments due from bankrupt entities, even if bankruptcy has not yet been officially 
confirmed, or those entities that are in essentially equivalent position, are classified as doubtful; as 
a result of such classification legal or other action is taken to settle or recover the exposure; 
 
unlikely-to-pay loans: loans which demonstrate ongoing irregularities in performance (persistent 
overdrafts, instalments in arrears, zero movement, etc.), system-related/Bank of Italy’s Central 
Credit Bureau (doubtful loans reported by the banking system without adequate justification), 
negative information (property actions, injunction orders, seizure, mortgage foreclosure, etc.), 
drastic deterioration in the financial and/or profitability or financial statements position, lack of 
funds for reimbursement, from which it could be presumed that the debtor is in real difficulty, also 
with the risk of insolvency, that could however be recovered in a reasonable period of time. Also 
under this category are all the positions which the Issuer considers it recommendable to allocate 
funds to a provision for risks (loss forecast);

--- Page 186 ---
186 
 
forborne: loans due from borrowers experiencing financial difficulty in meeting their financial 
commitments and for which the Issuer, in accordance with the regulatory provisions, grants 
concessions (such as restructuring of debt, extending the loan term, suspension of 
instalments/principal portions, reducing the interest rate or relevant fees payable on the loan, etc.). 
This category may cover exposures of performing (performing exposures with forbearance 
measures) and non-performing (non-performing exposures with forbearance measures) status; 
 
past due: positions the payment on which, in accordance with the Bank of Italy's Circular No. 285 
dated 17 December 2013 (as amended) remains due and payable for more than 90 continuous days 
and where the exposure is higher than 1 per cent. of the overall exposure in the observation period. 
Alongside the sales network impaired credit not classified as doubtful debt is also monitored by the 
Anomalous Loans Analysis Service with the aim of insolvency prevention. 
Specifically, the steps to be taken for positions included in the watch list are as follows: 
 
immediate review of the position and any related positions (guarantor, affiliated, partner, 
associated companies), updating the relevant documentation and any estimates on guarantees 
granted; 
 
review of the relevant terms in order to assess the debtor's deteriorated risk profile; 
 
verification of the quality and total amount of guarantees issued; 
 
setting-up of a restructuring plan with the aim of turning around the position and improving 
guarantees through the definition of a detailed recovery plan submitted to the appropriate internal 
body for decision. 
The Issuer's management of doubtful loans and credit collection is handled by the Doubtful Loans 
Service, a department which for the purpose of taking legal actions resorts to specialist internal 
department and a dedicated IT procedure for accounting procedures. 
Debt collection activity is a proactive process and aims to optimize legal proceedings and maximize 
the financial end result. In particular, with regard to assessment of the initiatives to be taken, in-house 
legal advisors give preference to out-of-court procedures, often with recourse to settlement agreements, 
which have a positive impact on collection times and the level of costs. Where out-of-court settlements 
cannot be carried out in a reasonable timeframe, especially for more significant positions and positions 
in which a higher level of collection can be expected, external legal advisors are appointed to 
commence legal actions which always constitutes a valid and fundamental coercive means to the 
debtor and a tool to resolve litigation. Credit that is minimal, irrecoverable or difficult to collect is 
generally treated en-masse and become subject of disposal transactions without recourse, given that 
legal action would be considered uneconomic in cost-benefit terms, or is assigned to a specialist credit 
collection company. 
For the financial statements the value adjustments for performing and impaired loans are calculated 
according to current regulatory provisions and in such a way so as to obtain a valuation that is as 
prudent and as conservative as possible. In particular, unlikely-to-pay positions with exposures above 
Euro 100,000 and all the doubtful loans are subject to analytical assessment that is aimed to define 
provisions for expected losses. For each position, and for each relationship within the position, the

--- Page 187 ---
187 
extent of the expected loss is analytically calculated on the basis of debtor solvency, the type of 
guarantee, the current status of proceedings taken and, above all, on the value of the guarantees. The 
estimates are always calculated using maximum prudence criteria and performed or validated by 
qualified 
internal 
personnel, 
organizationally 
independent 
of 
the 
credit 
disbursement/assessment/collection processes. In addition, these always take into account the need to 
sell the asset immediately and, according to IFRS 9, are subject to cash discounting criteria. 
The correct implementation of doubtful loans management and assessment activity is furthermore 
ensured by periodic audits performed through the internal auditing processes, and externally by the 
Board of Statutory Auditors and independent auditors. 
Financial Risk Management 
Market risk is defined as the risk of loss on owned financial instruments from possible fluctuations in 
financial market variables (rates, volatility, exchange rates, share prices), considering that each 
individual financial instrument may be exposed to one or more of these risks. Banca Popolare dell'Alto 
Adige, therefore, defines market risk as changes in the value of instruments due to market fluctuations. 
The internal market risk control and management processes (interest rate and pricing) are contained in 
the "Investment Policy" and the "Policy on operational limits and powers for finance and liquidity" 
documents. Both documents are subject to periodic review and consideration by the Board of Directors 
of the Issuer. 
The policy formalizes the performance of risk management activities concerning market risks, defines 
the tasks and responsibilities assigned to the various organizational units having expertise on the matter 
and specifies, among other things, the main operating processes, the methods of measurement, the 
exposure limits, the information flows and corrective measures. 
The investments and trading activity is, therefore, performed in conformity with the internal policy and 
is carried out within a structured internal regulatory system of delegations of management powers 
which provides for operational limitations defined in terms of negotiable financial instruments, 
amounts, duration, investment markets, issue and issuer types, sector and rating. 
Risk monitoring is carried out by the Risk Management Office, which produces daily and monthly 
reports subject to scrutiny by the Finance Committee, on a monthly basis. The Finance Committee sets 
the risk management policy in the context of the strategy contained in the annual Operating Plan. 
With regard to the processes and methods of market risk monitoring and management, the indicators 
monitored and their related limits are provided below, together with the first and second level control 
processes on overall trading portfolio transactions. In general, the limits are classified according to the 
various types of market risk (interest rate and price), but are in any event managed within a single 
framework based on similar logic. 
The authorization structure for finance operations is based on the four levels: 
 
operating limits; 
 
position limits: credit risk and concentration;

--- Page 188 ---
188 
 
stop-loss limits, and 
 
Value-at-Risk (VaR) limits. 
The above represent the thresholds at which the limits are set at the beginning of each financial year by 
a resolution of the Issuer's Board of Directors. 
The finance division determines, by agreement with the risk management division, the terms and limits 
for the assumption of risks in operating terms, for all those units that incur market risks. 
Responsibility for daily checks on operating, position and stop-loss limits rests with the risk 
management function. 
VaR represents an estimate of the maximum potential loss of a portfolio of securities in unfavourable 
market conditions. The compliance of risk profiles with the limits set in terms of VaR is ensured by the 
daily monitoring performed by the Risk Management Office. 
Liquidity Risk Management 
Liquidity risk is the risk that Banca Popolare dell'Alto Adige might not be able to meet its payment 
obligations when due, which would compromise day-to-day operations or the financial situation of the 
Issuer. 
Liquidity risk management is described in the document "Liquidity and Funding Policy", which is 
reviewed and approved annually by the Board of Directors of the Issuer. The policy defines: 
 
the organisational model, that assigns roles and responsibilities to the offices involved in the 
liquidity management and control process; 
 
policies for managing operational and structural liquidity, indicating the models and metrics used 
to assess, monitor and control liquidity risk and for performing stress tests; 
 
Contingency Funding Plan (CFP), which provides the organisational processes and interventions 
undertaken to restore standard conditions in liquidity management in addition to providing a 
description of indicators to determine any critical situations. 
In particular, the policy concerns the provisions on the governance and management of liquidity risk 
contained in Bank of Italy Circular No. 285 of 17 December 2013, as amended. The rules and 
regulations are based on the principle that an adequate liquidity risk governance and management 
system integrated with the overall risk management system, is fundamental for maintaining the 
stability of individual banks and the market. This includes rules on matters of organisation and internal 
controls, as well as the adoption of precise management instruments and public disclosure obligations, 
which although proportional to the operational size, organisational complexity and type of the activities 
performed by the individual banks, require a significant commitment on their part. 
The management of liquidity risk is allocated to the Treasury Office, which operates under the direct 
management of the Finance Department. However, the definition and control of compliance with 
operational limits lies with the Risk Management Office. General Management is responsible for 
governance over liquidity, both as regards compliance with the limits defined and as regards tactical

--- Page 189 ---
189 
and structural funding strategies. In the event of liquidity emergencies, General Management is also 
responsible for activation, management, and coordination of the Issuer's Contingency Funding Plan. 
An essential element is the distinction between short-term operational liquidity (under 12 months) and 
medium/long-term structural liquidity (over 12 months). The former addresses unexpected critical 
situations due to specific shocks in the Issuer or the market; the latter, meets the need to ensure optimal 
management from a strategic standpoint, transformation of maturities between funding and loans, by 
balancing asset and liability maturities in order to prevent any future crises in liquidity. 
The containment of exposure to liquidity risk is pursued primarily through a structured set of 
guidelines, operational decisions, and organisational control. 
Measurement and control of operational liquidity and structural liquidity were defined by means of a 
system of indicators, limits, and reports, including daily. In particular, a maturity ladder was prepared, 
which is a system that monitors net financial position that reports the balances and therefore the 
imbalances between expected inflows and outflows over predefined time bands and, through the 
formation of cumulative imbalances, calculates the net financial requirement (or surplus) in the time 
horizon considered. 
The Issuer uses the Liquidity at Risk (LaR) model in order to measure its liquidity risk; this is based on 
observing the "independent" negative net flows of liquidity – taking into consideration the historical 
series – applying the Extreme Value Theory, which allows accuracy to be improved for high 
confidence levels. More in particular, the following daily balances are used: withdrawable reserve at 
the Bank of Italy, inter-bank deposits, bond issues, securitisations, movement of securities owned, and 
extraordinary flows. The data is processed to determine the daily cash flow linked solely to decisions 
not under the direct control of the Issuer (Treasury Office) and so resulting from customer conduct. 
The 3 confidence levels in question should represent the Issuer's liquidity needs under normal 
conditions (up to the LaR value at 99% confidence), stress (up to 99.9%) and critical (up to 99.99%) at 
1 day, 1 week (5 business days), 2 weeks (10 business days) and at one month (20 business days). 
Other fundamental liquidity risk management functions relate to a stress test program aimed at 
evaluating the Issuer's vulnerability to exceptional but plausible events. In particular, stress testing is 
performed in terms of scenario analyses, consistent with the definition of liquidity risk adopted and 
attempting to simulate the behaviour of the Issuer's cash flow under unfavourable conditions, making 
subjective assumptions based on the Issuer's experience and/or instructions provided by supervisory 
regulations and guidelines. 
On the base of Regulation (EU) 2019/876, the Issuer periodically reports to the competent authority the 
regulatory liquidity metrics (LCR, AMM, NSFR). 
Moreover, the organisational layout of the structures and functions responsible for managing liquidity 
and the related controls and contingency plans to be implemented in times of stress or crisis (CFP, 
Contingency Funding Plan) are clearly defined in the policy; a contingency is declared when there is 
problematic progression in a predefined series of external and internal factors. 
Finally, starting from 2011, the Issuer defined a "Policy on the Internal Transfer Price System" (TIT). 
Operational Risk Management

--- Page 190 ---
190 
In line with the supervisory provisions, operational risk is defined as the risk of incurring losses due to 
errors, violations, interruptions, exogenous events or damages deriving from malfunctions in the 
internal processes or the unsuitability of people and/or systems. Operational risks include, among other 
things, the ensuing losses from theft and fraud, human errors, interruptions of operations, the 
unavailability of systems, executions of transactions, breaches of contract, data processing, damage to 
real property, and natural catastrophes. 
These risks are monitored, within the scope of the Internal Control System, by all internal control 
departments of the Issuer (Internal Audit, Compliance and Risk Management) in accordance with the 
following guidelines: 
 
prevention of occurrence or reduction of the probability of events occurring that could potentially 
generate operating losses, through the appropriate legal, organisational, procedural and training 
measures; 
 
mitigation of expected effects of such events; 
 
enhancement of the overall operational efficiency; 
 
protection of the Issuer's reputation and image. 
Monitoring and management of operational risk are not only aimed at obtaining theoretical benefits in 
respect of asset requirements, but also at achieving an effective understanding at all levels of the 
potential risks inherent in the Issuer's daily activities and to take all necessary steps to effectively 
mitigate and reduce such risks. 
Within the Internal Control System, the monitoring of operational risks is guaranteed by adoption of an 
integrated control model, which, along with the supervisory provisions, is organized into three levels, 
with each level governing the specific aspects related to its role, the business functions in charge of line 
control (or first level control) and the Issuer's control departments in charge of second level control 
(Risk management and Compliance) and the third level (Internal Audit). 
The results of the monitoring and control are discussed on a regular basis and evaluated within the 
scope of the Internal Control Committee, comprising all Issuer's departments, and which, among other 
things, is in charge of establishing priorities and coordinating the control activities. 
In addition, monitoring of the operational risks uses the results from the monitoring and analyses of 
operating losses contained in the periodic report drawn up by the risk management department and 
related discussions by the Internal Control Committee. 
Since 2003, the Issuer has used a system for detecting and measuring operational losses with the 
purpose of improving management of potential sources of risk that could undermine Issuer stability. 
This system, employed by the Issuer, follows a similar initiative applied on a national scale by the 
Italian Banking Association (ABI). With the DIPO project (Italian database of operational losses) ABI 
is attempting to inform banks on how to implement these procedures and create a national databank 
that would allow banks to obtain more extensive and meaningful statistical data. 
Included within the operational risk category is IT risk, that is the risk of incurring economic, 
reputational and market share losses in relation to the use of information and communication

--- Page 191 ---
191 
technology. IT risk arises from an event that involves the violation or imminent threat of violation of 
the company’s information security rules and practices, such as fraud, attacks through the internet, 
malfunctions and inefficiencies. 
In general, IT risk generates one of the following consequences: 
 
high economic losses or prolonged inefficiencies, even following repeated minor incidents, 
 
major inefficiencies to customers or other parties (such as payment intermediaries or 
infrastructures), 
 
the risk of invalidate the Bank's ability to comply with the conditions and obligations laid down by 
law or by supervisory regulations. 
This risk is monitored by the Issuer in accordance with the Risk Management Policy and analyzed 
through a specific assessment framework. It is specified that the components of IT risk subject to 
analysis refer to: 
 
IT risk of internal components, 
 
IT risk of the components outsourced to the main outsourcer AFast (Accenture Financial Advanced 
Solutions & Technology). 
 
IT risk of the components outsourced to other critical outsources. 
The results of the analysis, monitoring and control activities are periodically discussed and assessed 
within the Management Committees where, among other things, the remediation plan identified is set 
out. 
SIGNIFICANT EVENTS DURING THE YEAR 
Issue of subordinated Tier 2 instruments  
During the year ended 31 December 2018, Banca Popolare dell’Alto Adige issued Tier 2 subordinated 
bonds pursuant to and in accordance with the provisions set forth in Part II, Title I, Chapter 4, Articles 
62, 63 and 77 of Regulation (EU) No. 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council on 
prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment firms (“CRR”) and Bank of Italy 
Circular No. 285 of 17 December 2013 “Application in Italy of Regulation (EU) No. 575/2013 (CRR) 
and directive 2013/36/EU (CRD 4)”, Part II, Chapter I.  
Withdrawal from SEC  
On 30 November 2018, Banca Popolare dell’Alto Adige completed disposal of the shares held in the 
capital of Sec Servizi S.p.A.” (“SEC”), which provides technology services and software applications 
to financial institutions. 
Shareholders’ Meeting 
A shareholders’ meeting was held on 31 March 2022. In order to minimise the risks associated with 
the Covid-19 health emergency, the Bank once again made use in 2022 of the option introduced by 
Art. 106 of (It.) Legislative Decree no. 18 of 17 March 2020 and converted into Law no. 27/2020, as 
amended and supplemented, and of Art. 135-undecies and 135-novies of Legislative Decree no. 
58/1998 (Consolidated Law on Finance), to provide that shareholders’ participation in the

--- Page 192 ---
192 
Shareholders’ Meeting shall take place exclusively through Appointed Representative and thus 
without any physical participation on the part of shareholders. 
The intervention by proxy to the Designated Representative, the only person admitted to the 
Shareholders’ Meeting, was announced in the Notice of call, disseminated to the market on the storage 
system emarketstorage.com and published on the page dedicated to the Shareholders’ Meeting on the 
Bank’s website in the section relating to the 2022 assembly. 
On its website, in the section relating to the 2022 Shareholders ’Meeting, the Bank has published the 
procedures for attending the Shareholders’ Meeting and, for each item on the agenda, a summary of 
the topic, the proposed resolution and the documents submitted for resolution, in the compliance with 
the legal terms and deadlines indicated in the Notice of call. Furthermore, so that, in giving the voting 
instructions to the Designated Representative, the shareholders could take into account the feedback 
provided by the Bank to any questions asked by the shareholders before the Shareholders’ Meeting, 
the answers to the questions on the items on the Agenda received by the shareholders by the deadline 
indicated in the Notice and on the website were published on the bank’s site in the section related to 
the 2022 Shareholders meeting. 
The Bank has appointed the lawyer Edoardo Degl’Incerti Tocci, registered office in Via Vittorio 
Veneto 5 – 42121 Reggio Emilia (RE), as the Designated Representative to whom shareholders, in 
order to attend and vote at the Shareholders’ Meeting, must confer proxy with voting instructions 
using the online procedure activated by the company XDataNet Srl, Mirandola (MO) and made 
available on the Bank’s website in the section relating to the 2022 Shareholders’ Meeting. 
The information to participate by proxy with voting instructions to the Designated Representative has 
been made available on the Bank’s website in the section relating to the 2022 Shareholders’ Meeting 
in the Proxy Voting section. 
To ask questions on the items on the Agenda by March 22, 2022 and obtain a response from the Bank 
by March 23, 2022, shareholders could join the Bank’s website in the section relating to the 2022 
Shareholders’ Meeting in the Questions and Answers section. 
The 2021 Financial statements closed with a net profit of €70,076,010.04 (of which €62,976,010.04 
was distributable); the Shareholders’ Meeting resolved to distribute a dividend of €0.60 per share. 
Art. 20, paragraph 1 of the Articles of Association provides for a variable number of 9 to 12 directors 
for the composition of the Board of Directors and entrusts the Shareholders’ Meeting to determine the 
number of directors to be elected for the coming three-year period. In 2023, the Shareholders’ Meeting 
will appoint a new Board of Directors, for a term of office not exceeding three financial years, to 
replace the Board of Directors whose terms of office expire with the approval of the financial 
statements as at 31 December 2022. 
The Shareholders’ Meeting of 31 March 2022 resolved, at the proposal of the Board of Directors, to 
reduce the numerical composition of the Board of Directors 2023 – 2025 to 9 directors. This 
composition is considered appropriate to the size and complexity of the bank’s organisational structure 
and also takes into account the commitment the directors must devote to ensuring adequate strategic 
governance of Volksbank. 
The Shareholders’ Meeting also elected the Board of Statutory Auditors for the 2022 – 2024 three-
year period by slate vote, as regulated by the articles of association, art. 32 and 33: 
Georg Hesse 
24.08.1973 – Accountant and Statutory Auditor 
Chairperson of the Board
of Statutory Auditors

--- Page 193 ---
193 
Rosella Cazzulani 
05.01.1974 – Consultant in internal control systems and Statutory Auditor 
Standing Auditor 
Sabrina Rigo 
07.10.1972 – Accountant and Statutory Auditor 
Standing Auditor 
Nadia Dapoz 
13.11.1980 – Accountant and Statutory Auditor 
Alternate Auditor 
Emilio Lorenzon 
17.06.1962 – Accountant and Statutory Auditor 
Alternate Auditor 
Outgoing Auditors: Astrid Kofler, Chairperson; Emilio Lorenzon, Standing Auditor; Giorgio Dematté, 
Alternate Auditor. 
The Shareholders’ Meeting of 31 March 2022 also decided the fees to be paid to the standing auditors 
appointed for the 2022– 2024 three-year period as follows: 
Euro 
96,000: per annum for the office of Chairman of the Board of Statutory Auditors; 
Euro 
64,000: per annum for the office of Standing Auditor; 
Euro 250: per day for attendance at meetings of the Board of Auditors, Board of Directors and Board 
Committees (the attendance allowance does not cumulate in the event of multiple meetings on the 
same day). 
Gross and attendance fees decided by the Shareholders’ Meeting remain unvaried to those paid the 
outgoing 2019–2021 Board. 
The Shareholders’ Meeting then approved the Remuneration Policies applicable as of the financial 
year 2022, as well as the 2022 Stock Grant Plan for the free assignment of ordinary shares of Banca 
Popolare dell’Alto Adige S.p.A. to the categories of personnel that have or may have a significant 
impact on the Bank’s risk profile. These documents were previously approved by the Board of 
Directors on 4 March 2022. The Assembly also took note of the Report on the 2021 Implementation 
of the Remuneration Policies. 
The Shareholders’ Meeting also approved the extension of the purchase and disposal of treasury 
shares pursuant to Art. 2357 and 2357-ter of the Italian Civil Code as resolved by the 2019, 2020 and 
2021 Shareholders’ Meetings, respectively. Specifically, subject to the authorisation of the Bank of 
Italy (issued on 27 July 2022), the purchase of treasury shares was renewed, in one or more tranches, 
in a total number not exceeding no. 366,108 ordinary shares, in addition to the treasury shares already 
in the portfolio, and in any case, if lower, up to the maximum number of shares allowed by the laws in 
force at the time, in any case for a maximum countervalue of €3.5 million. The purchase of treasury 
shares was renewed for a period of 12 months starting on 1 October 2022 (i.e. without interruption 
since the expiry of the previous shareholders’ resolution). 
The Shareholders’ Meeting’s authorisation to sell, dispose of and/or use treasury shares was approved 
with no time limits, considering there are no regulatory constraints on this point, and to have 
maximum flexibility, also in time period terms, to possibly sell them. Purchases will be made on the 
regulated Vorvel market (formerly Hi-MTF) according to the operating methods established in that 
market’s organisation and management regulations. The Shareholders’ Meeting also approved the new 
Regulation ’Availability of Time and Limits on the Accumulation of Offices for Members of the 
Board of Directors of Banca Popolare dell’Alto Adige Spa’, which regulates the limit on the 
accumulation of offices that may be held in third companies at the same time as a director of the Bank.

--- Page 194 ---
194 
Finally, the Shareholders’ Meeting was informed about the amendments to the Articles of Association 
in order to comply with the regulatory provisions within the competence of the Board of Directors 
referred to below. 
For more details and a detailed description of the resolutions passed, please refer to the documentation 
available on the bank’s website in the corporate-governance/shareholders’ meeting section. 
Changes in governance structure 
Ruling out, with the 35th update of Circular no. 285/2013, the possibility that the Chairman of the 
Risk Committee may coincide with the chairman of other committees, the Board of Directors has (i) 
confirmed the appointment of members of the Independent Directors Committee on 24 April 2020 to 
non-executive independent directors Alessandro Metrangolo, Adriano Dalpiaz and Margherita Marin; 
(ii) the independent non-executive director Margherita Marin was called to hold the office of 
Chairman of the Independent Directors Committee until the end of the mandate which will end with 
the approval of the financial statements at 31 December 2022. The latter took over this role from the 
director Alessandro Metrangolo. 
Amendments to the Articles of Association in order to comply with the regulatory provisions within the 
competence of the Board of Directors. 
With the issue of the 35th update of Circular no. 285/2013 of Bank of Italy, some provisions were 
introduced to strengthen the governance structures, which include, inter alia, gender diversity in the 
administration and control bodies; the extension of the non-delegable powers of the Board of 
Directors; strategic planning profiles; accountability for standards of ethical conduct; the command 
documents under the purview of the Board. On 4 March 2022, the Bank’s Board of Directors adjusted 
the statute to the changes introduced by the 35th update of Circular no. 285/2013 and MEF Decree no. 
169/2020 referred to below. It should be noted that this adjustment did not require the approval of the 
Bank’s Shareholders’ Meeting since, pursuant to Art. 28, paragraph 2, letter v) of the current Articles 
of Association, it falls within the competence of the Board of Directors. 
The industrial plan 2021 – 2023 
The strategic lines of the plan, approved by the Board of Directors in December 2020, and updated for 
the threeyear period 2022 – 2024 in the session of 16 July 2021, envisage a new approach based on 
the sustainable development of loans, an increase in the commission margin and the careful 
management of credit risk.  
The fundamental elements of the strategy are, in particular: 
– 
stand-alone perspective, supported by excellent capitalisation and liquidity; 
– 
a renewed focus on the development of the margin from services, an area in which Volksbank 
shows room for improvement both when compared to banks that are similar in size and positioning 
and when compared to significant banks; 
– 
a prudent and focused lending development strategy, proposing the Bank as a reference point for 
businesses and households in the area; 
– 
careful risk management, in particular by intervening on the entire credit process, as well as 
through careful and active management of NPLs, guided by enhanced workouts and targeted 
transfers aimed at containing stocks and such as not to generate sacrifices for the shareholders; 
– 
a streamlined operating structure, characterised by a focus on cost control and an orientation 
towards customer service and the creation of value for shareholders.

--- Page 195 ---
195 
The development guidelines of the strategic plan recall, among other things, the need to ensure “a 
careful assessment of the effective sustainability of the objectives and the need to ensure robust 
growth and governance of risks and costs”. The strategic choices developed in the plan are therefore 
consistent with this approach, and in particular guide the bank towards: 
– 
a strategic positioning that confirms, from an evolutionary perspective, the role as a territorial 
Bank, focused on supporting the real economy, with the development of revenues (brokerage 
margin) at the end of the plan, 89% of which originate from commercial activities and 11% from 
the management of the proprietary portfolio; 
– 
a commercial banking business model supported by the progressive simplification of processes, 
placing the customer first and a greater balance between service margin and interest margin; 
– 
a careful balance between operational management, risk profile, liquidity and capital strength. 
Consistent with this orientation, the bank has developed objectives aimed at ensuring a solid 
generation of value, through well-defined managerial actions, divided into 7 pillars: 
1) A virtuous growth in terms of customers and volumes, driven by an expanded product range and 
specific skills in the world of private mortgage loans and in the tourism, manufacturing, agri-food 
and real estate sectors; 
2) A native digital multi-channel strategy, capable of making a reality of the concept of “Everywhere 
Banking”, offering Volksbank customers the ability to fully manage their banking relationship also 
through access to bestin-class digital channels; 
3) A specific focus on full sustainability, which involves the daily work of the Bank (real estate, 
trade union relations, utilities, etc.), the ability to develop and finance sustainable projects, and the 
offer of common ESG investment funds; 
4) The proactive management of risks affecting balance sheet assets, thanks to the allocation of 
capital in favour of government measures to support the resilience of businesses and households, to 
the impact of the timing of the introduction of regulatory measures (Basel IV, SME supporting 
factor, etc.) and the management and monitoring of credit risk resulting from the COVID-19 
pandemic; 
5) Process efficiency, to be able to support commercial development, the specialisation of branch 
resources and faster and more precise responses to customers; 
6) The control system in its entirety, to anticipate market changes and reorient the Bank’s business; 
7) Human capital to increasingly qualify the professionalism of consultancy and guide customers in 
new processes under the multi-channel strategy. 
Inspection assessment 
At the end of February 2022, the Bank of Italy’s inspection activity within the perimeter of credit and 
counterparty risk, which had been initiated, inter alia, to verify the identification, management, 
monitoring and control of the support measures granted for the COVID-19 emergency and related to 
debtors classified as non-financial companies, concluded. The authority’s endorsement of the 
inspection report revealed only a few areas for improvement without, however, having a major impact. 
Although the identified areas for improvement are not very material and not serious, the main 
evidence may relate to developments in the criteria for defining the provisioning of positions 
classified as UTP and in the early warning criteria. 
Judicial and arbitration proceedings

--- Page 196 ---
196 
As of the Date of this Financial Report, no judicial or arbitration proceedings are pending of such 
amount or nature as to have significant repercussions on the financial, equity or economic situation of 
Volksbank, even in the event of a negative outcome. 
The main disputes relate to procedures pertaining to compound interest and usury, to actions relating 
to investment services provided, to property law disputes and to bankruptcy clawback actions. 
Assignment of non-performing loans 
During the year, Volksbank completed the transfer without recourse of several non-performing 
positions denominated in Euro. 
Assignment of non-performing loan portfolio 
 
2022
No. Non-performing positions transferred
7
Gross value (EUR) 
16,407,464
Default interest (EUR)
2,856,085
Total (EUR) 
19,263,549
 
The transfer provides no transferor guarantee of the solvency of the transferred debtors, or of any 
guarantors thereof, on any grounds, hence provides no guarantee of the total or partial collection of the 
transferred receivables. As a result of the transfer, the receivables have been de-recognised from the 
financial statements as of the date of execution. The price paid by the buyers was equal to Euro 6.0 
million against a net exposure in the financial statements equal to Euro 1.4 million. 
SIGNIFICANT EVENTS AFTER THE SIX-MOTH PERIOD 
Shareholders’ Meeting  
On 1 April 2023, the Ordinary Shareholders’ Meeting was held, with the discontinuation of the Covid-
19 measures, once again at the Fiera di Bolzano.   
The 2022 Financial statements closed with a net profit of €75,527,325.37 (of which €73,936,849.96 
was distributable); the Shareholders’ Meeting resolved to distribute a dividend of €0.62 per share.  
The Shareholders’ Meeting appointed the Board of Directors for the three-year period 2023-2025, 
which has 9 members as opposed to the previous 12, as per the statutory minimum.   
Lukas Ladurner, Lorenzo Salvà, Giuseppe Padovan, Margherita Marin, Johannes Peer, Alessandro 
Metrangolo, Margit Tauber and Federico Marini were reappointed to the new Board of Directors. 
Christina Gasser, a banking consultant and entrepreneur from Brixen, was also appointed as a new 
board member.  
Lukas Ladurner - 
entrepreneur born in Silandro 
(BZ) on 04 June 1980  
Chairman of the Board 
Lorenzo Salvà - lawyer 
born in Merano (BZ) on 10 August 1961  
Deputy Chairman of the Board 
Giuseppe Padovan - lawyer 
born in Bassano del Grappa (VI) on 10 May 1965  
Deputy Chairman of the Board 
Margherita Marin - chartered accountant - auditor 
born in Bassano del Grappa (VI) on 29 November 
Director of the BoD

--- Page 197 ---
197 
1957 
Johannes Peer - manager 
born in Bolzano (BZ) on 21 April 1989  
Director of the BoD 
Christina Gasser - bank consultant - 
entrepreneur born in Brunico (BZ) on 31 March 
1989  
Director of the BoD 
Alessandro Metrangolo - 
lawyer born in Milan on 23 
December 1975  
Director of the BoD 
Margit Tauber - manager 
born in Brixen (BZ) on 29 
May 1974  
Director of the BoD 
Federico Marini - manager- 
officer born in Bolzano (BZ) on 26 
June 1970  
Director of the BoD 
  
The outgoing directors are: David Covi, Maximilian Eisendle, Vito Jacono and Adriano Dalpiaz.  
The Shareholders’ Meeting also determined the annual remuneration and attendance allowances to be 
paid to the Board of Directors for the three-year period 2023-2025, overall slightly less compared to 
the previous year:  
• €45,000.00 (forty-five thousand/00) as a fixed annual component;  
• €250.00 (two hundred and fifty/00) daily allowance for attendance at meetings of the board and 
council (the attendance allowance does not cumulate in the event of multiple meetings on the same 
day). The previous attendance allowance was confirmed.  
In addition, in order to increase the liquidity of the Bank’s shares on the Vorvel trading platform 
(formerly Hi-MTF), the Shareholders’ Meeting allocated an additional €18.5 million to the Bank’s 
share buyback fund, divided between the work of the liquidity provider (€3.5 million) and the 
extraordinary buyback transaction (€15 million). Terms and conditions of the buyback - established by 
the Board of Directors - were communicated to the market on 28 April 2023. In addition to the 
technical methods, it provided for the start of the operation on 30 June 2023.  
Lastly, the Shareholders’ Meeting approved the proposal to proceed, in the period between November 
2023 and March 2024, with the free allocation of treasury shares to shareholders who will remain 
shareholders, recognising the benefits of the Bank’s share buyback operations. Depending on the 
number of shares available at the time of allotment, the exchange ratio will be a maximum of 1 free 
share for every 20 shares held and a minimum of 1 free share for every 30 shares held. Terms and 
conditions for allotment will be determined by the Board of Directors and communicated in good time.  
The Shareholders’ Meeting then approved the Remuneration Policies applicable as of the financial year 
2023, as well as the 2023 Stock Grant Plan for the free assignment of ordinary shares of Banca 
Popolare dell’Alto Adige S.p.A. to the categories of personnel that have or may have a significant 
impact on the Bank’s risk profile. These documents were previously approved by the Board of 
Directors on 3 March 2023. The Assembly also took note of the Report on the 2022 Implementation of 
the Remuneration Policies.  
Inspection by the Bank of Italy

--- Page 198 ---
198 
In the period between 26 April and 7 July 2023, the Bank was subject to an inspection conducted by 
the Bank of Italy pursuant to Art. 54 of (It.) Legislative Decree no. 385/1993 (TUB). The inspections 
conducted covered the issue of customer protection and, in particular, the transparency of banking 
transactions and services, as well as the rights and obligations of the parties in the provision of 
payment services. As of the date of preparation of this Financial Report, the Supervisory Authority has 
not yet submitted its assessments.  
Complaint Management  
Volksbank is convinced that real and lasting growth and development are possible only if the customer 
is at the heart of every strategic decision taken by the company. This customer-centred approach, the 
basis of which can be found in the company’s Code of Ethics, emerges straight from the design phase 
of products and services, with constant focus on quality research, but above all on managing the 
relationship with the customer in order to provide him or her with the product or service that best suits 
his or her needs.  
Despite the best efforts of employees, given the large number of transactions that are concluded daily, 
it is not possible to avoid possible cases in which, from time to time, customer expectations are not 
met, hence generating dissatisfaction by those who believe that they have not received an adequate 
service. On such occasions, customer cooperation becomes essential in order to identify and eliminate 
the causes of service failure and to implement appropriate procedural improvements.  
Some time ago, the company set up an internal office to handle complaints and adhered, in accordance 
with applicable legislation, to the relevant extra-judicial bodies to settle disputes arising between banks 
and their customers. With a view to the continuous improvement of the services offered to customers, 
third party analysis and judgement of complaints received has been guaranteed; and the personnel of 
the complaints management office are in a position of organisational and hierarchical independence of 
business units responsible for marketing products and services.  
In cases where a customer is not fully satisfied with a proposed solution, he or she can refer to extra-
judicial dispute settlement systems which, as they operate as an alternative to the ordinary judicial 
authorities, can provide a faster and less costly means of resolving disputes. Through its commercial 
network and its website, on this point the Company provides customers with information containing, 
inter alia, complaint regulations and information on the various extra-judicial dispute resolution 
systems.  
The following is the statistical data on complaints received as at 30 June 2023: during the first half of 
2023, 578 complaints were received and processed, 127 of which were related to banking and financial 
services and 451 of which were related to investment services. It should be noted that 86 complaints 
relating to investment services are part of the so-called maxi-complaint (i.e., a complaint filed by a law 
firm in several tranches, starting in 2021, on behalf of various shareholders of the Company).  
Of the 578 complaints as at 30 June 2023, 50 complaints were closed, 221 were closed pending 
settlement, while 307 were being evaluated.   
A complaint is considered closed when a reply is sent to the customer which is signed by the 
Complaints Management Coordinator or the Head of the “Corporate and Legal Affairs” organisational 
unit, while a complaint is considered settled when it has been considered well-founded or when the 
reason for the complaint made by the customer has been overcome in some other way (e.g. following 
the settlement of the dispute by judicial or extrajudicial means).

--- Page 199 ---
199 
In addition, a complaint is deemed to have been settled if the client does not reply within 12 months of 
its closure. However, any further reply from the customer on the same issue implies the reopening of 
the complaint, even beyond the 12-month limit for such settlement.  
With regard to the complaints received in the first half of 2023 concerning banking and financial 
services, the Company reimbursed customers the total amount of €3,483.81 and entered no loss 
provision.  
With regard to complaints received during the first half of 2023 concerning investment services, the 
Company reimbursed clients a total amount of € 2,500.00.  
In addition, in the first half of 2023, reimbursements of €186.00 (relating to banking and financial 
services) and €165,850.00 (relating to investment services) were made in respect of complaints made 
in previous years. 
OVERVIEW FINANCIAL INFORMATION RELATING TO THE ISSUER 
Set out in this section is an overview of financial information of Banca Popolare dell'Alto Adige 
which is derived from the audited non-consolidated annual financial statements of Banca Popolare 
dell'Alto Adige as at and for the years ended 31 December 2022 and 2021, in each case together with 
the accompanying notes and auditor' reports and from the condensed interim non-consolidated 
financial statements of the Issuer as at and for six months ended 30 June 2023. Such financial 
statements, together with the accompanying note and auditor' reports, are incorporated by reference 
into this Base Prospectus. The financial information contained in the section should be read in 
conjunction with such financial statements, notes and auditor' reports thereto. See also "Information 
incorporated by reference".  
Since 2006, the Issuer has prepared its annual financial statements in accordance with International 
Financial Reporting Standards, as adopted by the European Union and as implemented under the Bank 
of Italy's instructions contained in Circular 262 of 22 December 2005 and related transitional 
regulations in Italy ("IFRS"). Accordingly, all of the following financial information of the Issuer 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus has been prepared in accordance with IFRS.  
The annual financial statements of the Issuer as at and for the years ended 31 December 2022 and 
2021 have been audited by KPMG S.p.A, which has been appointed by the shareholders' meeting of 
Banca Popolare dell'Alto Adige held on 30 March 2019 to audit financial statements of the Issuer for 
the period from 2019 to 2027.  
The Issuer will, at the specified offices of the Paying Agents, provide, free of charge, upon oral or 
written request, the above-mentioned annual financial statements incorporated by reference in this 
Base Prospectus. Written or oral requests for such documents should be directed to the specified office 
of any Paying Agent or to the specified office of the Listing Agent in Luxembourg. In addition, such 
documents will be available, without charge, on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
(www.bourse.lu).  
The following tables present annual balance sheet and income statement information of the Issuer as at 
30 June 2023 and for the years ended 31 December 2022 and 2021.  
ANNUAL BALANCE SHEET

--- Page 200 ---
200 
Assets 
30/06/2023 
(Unaudited) 
Value 
31/12/2022 
(Audited) 
Value 
31/12/2021 
(Audited) 
Value 
(euro) 
10. 
Cash and cash equivalents 
 216,793,644  
1,063,322,866 
92,348,846 
20. 
Financial assets designated at fair value 
through profit and loss 
 70,416,542  
103,896,451 
122,808,702 
 
a) financial assets held for trading 
 4,956,373  
1,608,254 
1,640,918 
 
b) financial assets designated at fair value 
 -    
- 
- 
 
c) other financial assets measured at fair 
value 
 65,460,169  
102,288,197 
121,167,784 
30. 
Financial assets measured at fair value 
with impact on overall profitability 
 742,468,954  
729,539,426 
680,921,245 
40. 
Financial assets measured at amortised 
cost 
 
10,406,120,340 
10,515,057,702 
11,934,943,122 
 
a) loans to banks   
 222,346,176  
181,590,462 
1,647,681,913 
 
b) loans to customers 
 
10,183,774,164 
10,333,467,240 
10,287,261,209 
50. 
Hedging derivatives 
 232,886  
- 
- 
60. 
Value adjustment of hedged financial 
assets 
 -    
- 
- 
70. 
Equity investments 
 4,321,339  
4,339,450 
5,277,763 
80. 
Physical assets 
 146,589,450  
146,207,245 
135,355,796 
90. 
Intangible assets 
 14,078,381  
14,576,571 
15,674,551 
 
of which Goodwill 
 
- 
- 
100
. 
Tax assets 
 114,479,992  
138,188,423 
149,630,421 
 
a) current 
 28,630,190  
47,966,227 
53,628,036 
 
b) prepaid 
 85,849,802  
90,222,196 
96,002,385 
110
. 
Non-current assets and groups of assets 
held for sale 
 3,650,303  
4,848,930 
4,407,814 
120
. 
Other assets 
 330,937,810  
236,513,588 
142,022,584 
 
Total assets 
12,050,089,641 
12,956,490,649 
13,283,390,844

--- Page 201 ---
201 
Liabilities and shareholders’ equity 
30/06/2023 
(Unaudited) 
Value 
31/12/2022 
(Audited) 
Value 
31/12/2021 
(Audited) 
Value 
(euro) 
10. 
Financial liabilities measured at amortised 
 
 costs 
 
10,601,907,685 
11,788,026,227 
12,138,099,570 
 
a) payable to banks 
 1,603,581,614  
2,628,753,865 
2,668,836,977 
 
b) payables to customers 
 8,593,802,855  
8,759,381,566 
9,032,919,126 
 
c) outstanding securities 
 404,523,216  
399,890,796 
436,343,467 
20. 
Financial liabilities held for trading 
 106,597  
383,503 
59,740 
30. 
Financial liabilities designated at fair 
value   (IFRS 7, para. 8 letter e)) 
 -    
- 
- 
40. 
Hedging derivatives 
 429,156  
- 
- 
50. 
Value adjustment of hedged financial  
 
liabilities (+ / -) 
 -    
- 
- 
60. 
Tax liabilities 
 23,437,738  
29,919,529 
18,804,760 
 
a) current 
 22,066,723  
28,863,357 
14,803,485 
 
b) deferred 
 1,371,015  
1,056,172 
4,001,275 
70. 
Liabilities associated with assets held for 
 
 sale 
 -    
- 
- 
80. 
Other liabilities 
 506,818,537  
240,397,398 
256,877,965 
90. 
Employee severance indemnities 
 12,219,458  
12,742,904 
16,163,760 
100
. 
Provisions for risks and charges 
 26,712,621  
23,973,950 
21,373,126 
 
a) commitments and guarantees given   7,859,754  
9,829,176 
7,631,272 
 
b) pensions and similar obligation 
 -    
- 
- 
 
c) other provisions for risks and 
charges 
 18,852,867  
14,144,774 
13,741,854 
110
. 
Valuation reserves 
-17,009,257  
(11,847,028) 
2,375,680 
120
. 
Redeemable shares 
 -    
- 
- 
130
. 
Equity instruments 
 -    
- 
- 
140
. 
Reserves 
 372,726,257  
326,729,530 
284,004,937

--- Page 202 ---
202 
150
. 
Issue premium 
 298,770,235  
298,773,829 
298,786,747 
160
. 
Capital 
 201,993,752  
201,993,752 
201,993,752 
170
. 
Treasury shares (-) 
(31,509,523) 
(30,130,270) 
(25,225,203) 
180
. 
Profit (Loss) for the year (+/-) 
 53,486,385  
75,527,325 
70,076,010 
 
Total liabilities and shareholders’ equity 
 
12,050,089,641 
12,956,490,649 
13,283,390,844 
 
INCOME STATEMENT A 
 
30/06/2023 
(Reviewed) 
Value 
30/06/2022 
(Reviewed) 
Value 
(euro) 
10. 
Interest receivable and similar income 
 215,860,636 
 109,117,673 
 
of which: interest income calculated according to the 
effective interest method 
 192,495,034 
 102,383,332 
20. 
Interest paid and similar charges 
(75,763,356)
(8,556,624)
30. 
Interest margin 
 140,097,280 
 100,561,049 
40. 
Commission income 
 57,906,839 
 56,024,995 
50. 
Commission expense 
(7,764,358)
(5,695,050)
60. 
Net fees 
 50,142,481 
 50,329,945 
70. 
Dividends and similar income 
 2,456,868 
 2,622,119 
80. 
Net result of trading 
 2,737,345 
 1,707,506 
90. 
Net result of hedging   
 2,921 
 - 
100. 
Profit (losses) on disposal or repurchase of: 
(5,001,815)
 3,361,373 
 
a) financial assets measured at amortised cost 
(2,480,138)
 537,481 
 
b) financial assets measured at fair value with an 
impact on comprehensive income 
(2,521,677)
 2,823,864 
 
c) financial liabilities 
 - 
 28 
110. 
Net profit/loss from other financial assets and liabilities 
measured at fair value with an impact on the income 
statement 
 1,314,700 
 1,088,209 
 
a) financial assets and liabilities designated at fair 
value   
 - 
 - 
 
b) other financial assets compulsorily measured at fair 
 1,314,700 
 1,088,209

--- Page 203 ---
203 
value   
120. 
Net receipts from banking 
 191,749,780 
 159,670,201 
130. 
Net adjustments/write-backs of impairment losses of: 
(10,338,459)
(21,968,947)
 
a) financial assets measured at amortised cost   
(10,342,209)
(21,747,825)
 
b) financial assets measured at fair value with an 
impact on comprehensive income   
 3,750 
(221,122)
140. 
Gains/losses from contractual amendments without write-
downs 
 870,791 
(34,785)
150. 
Net result of financial management 
 182,282,112 
 137,666,469 
160. 
Administrative expenses:   
(100,406,171)
(92,943,626)
 
a) personnel expenses   
(56,815,004)
(52,407,572)
 
b) other administrative expenses   
(43,591,167)
(40,536,054)
170. 
Net provisions for risks and charges   
(2,976,330)
(1,713,335)
 
a) credit risk relating to commitments and guarantees 
given 
 1,969,422 
(434,771)
 
b) other net provisions 
(4,945,752)
(1,278,564)
180. 
Net adjustments/write-backs on physical assets 
(7,477,900)
(5,771,009)
190. 
Net adjustments/write-backs on intangible assets 
(499,636)
(555,733)
200. 
Other operating income/expenses 
 8,263,109 
 9,158,168 
210. 
Operating costs 
(103,096,928)
(91,825,535)
220. 
Profit (losses) on equity investments 
(70,284)
 1,395,590 
230. 
Net result of measurement at fair value of tangible and 
intangible assets 
 - 
 - 
240. 
Goodwill value adjustments 
 - 
 - 
250. 
Profit (losses) on disposal of investments 
 518,969 
(108,827)
260. 
Profit (loss) from current operations before tax 
 79,633,869 
 47,127,697 
270. 
Income taxes on current operations 
(26,147,484)
(15,567,230)
280. 
Profit (loss) from current operations after tax 
 53,486,385 
 31,560,467 
290. 
Profit (loss) on discontinued operations after tax 
  - 
  - 
300. 
Profit (loss) for the year 
 53,486,385 
 31,560,467 
 
 
 
31/12/2022 
(Audited) 
Value 
31/12/2021 
(Audited) 
Value 
(euro) 
10. 
Interest receivable and similar income 
237,543,697 
196,115,501

--- Page 204 ---
204 
 
of which: interest income calculated according to the 
effective interest method 
217,259,275 
191,045,457 
20. 
Interest paid and similar charges 
(27,521,449) 
(19,594,634) 
30. 
Interest margin 
210,022,248 
176,520,867 
40. 
Commission income 
112,283,564 
107,127,491 
50. 
Commission expense 
(11,658,203) 
(13,133,484) 
60. 
Net fees 
100,625,361 
93,994,007 
70. 
Dividends and similar income 
3,600,101 
3,557,901 
80. 
Net result of trading 
2,721,390 
2,048,979 
90. 
Net result of hedging   
- 
- 
100. 
Profit (losses) on disposal or repurchase of: 
4,924,540 
45,899,612 
 
a) financial assets measured at amortised cost 
2,334,065 
40,546,942 
 
b) financial assets measured at fair value with an 
impact on comprehensive income 
2,590,447 
5,345,877 
 
c) financial liabilities 
28 
6,793 
110. 
Net profit/loss from other financial assets and liabilities 
measured at fair value with an impact on the income 
statement 
(2,291,211) 
(2,882,775) 
 
a) financial assets and liabilities designated at fair 
value   
- 
- 
 
b) other financial assets compulsorily measured at fair 
value   
(2,291,211) 
(2,882,775) 
120. 
Net receipts from banking 
319,602,429 
319,138,591 
130. 
Net adjustments/write-backs of impairment losses of: 
(22,144,708) 
(53,128,556) 
 
a) financial assets measured at amortised cost   
(21,844,440) 
(53,204,833) 
 
b) financial assets measured at fair value with an 
impact on comprehensive income   
(300,268) 
76,277 
140. 
Gains/losses from contractual amendments without write-
downs 
61,228 
(40,082) 
150. 
Net result of financial management 
297,518,949 
265,969,953 
160. 
Administrative expenses:   
(185,874,966) 
(185,808,566) 
 
a) personnel expenses   
(105,361,632) 
(101,382,304) 
 
b) other administrative expenses   
(80,513,334) 
(84,426,262) 
170. 
Net provisions for risks and charges   
(4,810,225) 
(5,195,696) 
 
a) credit risk relating to commitments and guarantees 
given 
(2,197,904) 
(1,766,185) 
 
b) other net provisions 
(2,612,321) 
(3,429,511)

--- Page 205 ---
205 
180. 
Net adjustments/write-backs on physical assets 
(11,827,951) 
(15,073,658) 
190. 
Net adjustments/write-backs on intangible assets 
(1,105,966) 
(1,238,585) 
200. 
Other operating income/expenses 
18,472,340 
19,969,417 
210. 
Operating costs 
(185,146,768) 
(187,347,088) 
220. 
Profit (losses) on equity investments 
1,269,771 
100,482 
230. 
Net result of measurement at fair value of tangible and 
intangible assets 
- 
- 
240. 
Goodwill value adjustments 
- 
- 
250. 
Profit (losses) on disposal of investments 
(56,933) 
(271,383) 
260. 
Profit (loss) from current operations before tax 
113,585,019 
78,451,964 
270. 
Income taxes on current operations 
(38,057,694) 
(8,375,954) 
280. 
Profit (loss) from current operations after tax 
75,527,325 
70,076,010 
290. 
Profit (loss) on discontinued operations after tax 
- 
- 
300. 
Profit (loss) for the year 
75,527,325 
70,076,010

--- Page 206 ---
206 
 
THE GUARANTOR 
Introduction 
VOBA CB S.r.l. has been established as a special purpose vehicle for the purpose of guaranteeing 
the Covered Bonds. 
The Guarantor was incorporated on 30 January 2019 in the Republic of Italy as a limited liability 
company incorporated under Law 130, with Fiscal Code, VAT number and registration number with 
the Register of Enterprises of Treviso-Belluno no. 04994460261. 
The Guarantor operates under the laws of the Republic of Italy. 
The duration of VOBA CB S.r.l. shall be until 2100. 
VOBA CB S.r.l. has its registered office at Via V. Alfieri, 1, 31015 Conegliano (TV), Italy, the 
telephone number of the registered office is +390438360900, the fax number is +39 0438 360962 
and the PEC address is voba.cb@pec.spv-services.eu. 
The authorised, issued and paid in quota capital of VOBA CB S.r.l. is Euro 10,000. 
VOBA CB’s Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): 8156006FE37BB118C393 
Business Overview 
Pursuant to its by-laws, the exclusive purpose of the VOBA CB S.r.l. is to purchase from banks, 
against payment, receivables and securities also issued in the context of a securitisation, in 
compliance with Law 130 and the relevant implementing provisions, by means of subordinated 
loans granted or guaranteed also by the selling banks, as well as to issue guarantees for the covered 
bonds issued by such banks or other entities. 
VOBA CB S.r.l., indeed, will grant the Covered Bonds Guarantee to the benefit of the Covered 
Bondholders, of the counterparts of derivatives contracts entered into with the purpose to cover the 
risks inherent the purchased credits and securities and of the counterparts of other ancillary 
contracts, as well as to the benefit of the payment of the other costs of the transaction, with priority 
in respect of the reimbursement of the others loans, pursuant to paragraph 1 of Article 7-bis of Law 
130 and Article 4 of the MEF Decree as applicable until the Implementation Date, and to Articles 7-
sexies, Paragraph 1, letter (c) and 7-quaterdecies of Law 130 as applicable from the Implementation 
Date the Law 130. 
Since the date of its incorporation, VOBA CB S.r.l. has not engaged in any business other than the 
purchase of the Portfolio and the entering into of the Programme Documents and other ancillary 
documents. 
So long as any of the Covered Bonds remain outstanding VOBA CB S.r.l. shall not, without the 
consent of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, incur any other indebtedness for 
borrowed moneys or engage in any business (other than acquiring and holding the assets backing the 
Covered Bonds Guarantee, assuming the Subordinated Loan, issuing the Covered Bonds Guarantee 
and entering into the Programme Documents to which it is a party), pay any dividends, repay or 
otherwise return any equity capital, have any subsidiaries, employees or premises, consolidate or 
merge with any other person or convey or transfer its property or assets to any person (otherwise 
than as contemplated in the Conditions or the Intercreditor Agreement) or guarantee any additional 
quota.

--- Page 207 ---
207 
VOBA CB S.r.l. will covenant to observe, inter alia, those restrictions which are detailed in the 
Intercreditor Agreement. 
Administrative, Management and Supervisory Bodies  
The directors of the Guarantor are: 
NAME AND SURNAME 
OFFICE 
HELD 
IN 
THE
GUARANTOR 
OFFICES HELD IN OTHER 
COMPANIES 
Alberto Caltroni 
Chairman and Managing 
Director 
Manager responsible for preparing 
the 
BPAA’s 
corporate 
and 
financial reports 
Sigfried Stocker 
Managing Director 
Head 
of 
Treasury 
of 
Banca
Popolare dell’Alto Adige S.p.A. 
Nausica Pinese 
Managing Director 
Head of Securitisation Services 
area 
of 
Banca 
Finanziaria 
Internazionale  S.p.A. 
 
Under the Quotaholders' Agreement the Quotaholders have undertaken that, if, at any time, a Board 
of Statutory Auditors shall be appointed, it shall be composed of three members which shall 
appointed as follows: one by Stichting Urano and two by BPAA. No Board of Statutory Auditors has 
been appointed as of the date of this Base Prospectus. 
The business address of each member of the Board of Directors and Board of Statutory Auditors is 
VOBA CB S.r.l., Via V. Alfieri, 1, 31015 Conegliano (TV), Italy. 
Conflicts of interest 
There are no potential conflicts of interest between the duties of the directors and their private interest 
or other duties. 
Quotaholders 
The quotaholders of VOBA CB S.r.l. (hereafter together the “Quotaholders”) are as follows: 
BPAA, 60 per cent. of the quota capital; 
Stichting Urano, 40 per cent. of the quota capital. 
BPAA, with the 60 per cent. of the quota capital controls VOBA CB S.r.l.. In order to avoid any 
abuse, certain mitigants have been inserted in the Quotaholders’ Agreement, as better described in the 
following paragraph. 
The Quotaholders’ Agreement 
The Quotaholders’ Agreement contain, inter alia, a call option in favour of BPAA to purchase from 
Stichting Urano and a put option in favour of Stichting Urano to sell to BPAA, the quota of VOBA 
CB S.r.l. held by Stichting Urano and provisions in relation to the management of the Guarantor. 
Each option may only be exercised from the Expiry Date. 
In addition the Quotaholders’ Agreement provides that no Quotaholder of VOBA CB S.r.l. will 
approve the payments of any dividends or any repayment or return of capital by VOBA CB S.r.l.

--- Page 208 ---
208 
prior to the date on which all amounts of principal and interest on the Covered Bonds and any amount 
due to the Other Creditors have been paid in full. 
Financial Information concerning the Guarantor’s Assets and Liabilities, Financial Position, 
and Profits and Losses  
The financial year of the Guarantor ends on 31 December of each calendar year.  
The financial information of the Guarantor derives from the statutory financial statements of the 
Guarantor as at and for the years ended on 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2021. Such financial 
statements, together with their respective auditors’ reports and the relevant accompanying notes, are 
incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus (see "Information Incorporated by Reference" 
above). The Guarantor has not, from the date of its incorporation, carried out any business activities 
nor has incurred in any financial indebtedness (other than those incurred in the context of the 
Programme). 
Capitalisation and Indebtedness Statement 
The capitalisation of VOBA CB S.r.l. as at the date of this Base Prospectus is as follows: 10,000 
Euro. 
Quota capital Issued and authorised 
BPAA has a quota of Euro 6,000 and Stichting Urano has a quota of Euro 4,000, each fully paid up. 
Total capitalisation and indebtedness 
Save for the Covered Bonds Guarantee and the Subordinated Loan, in accordance with the 
Subordineted Loan Agreement, at the date of this Base Prospectus, VOBA CB S.r.l. has no 
borrowings or indebtedness in the nature of borrowings (including loan capital issued or created but 
unissued), term loans, liabilities under acceptances or acceptance credits, mortgages, charges or 
guarantees or other contingent liabilities. 
Auditors 
The independent auditors of the Guarantor are KPMG, with a registered office at Via Vittor Pisani 
27, 20124 Milan, Italy. KPMG is registered on the Register of certified auditors (Registro dei revisori 
legali) held by the Ministry of Economy and Finance ("MEF") pursuant to Legislative Decree No. 39 
of 27 January 2010. 
KPMG audited the financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2021 and 31 December 
2022.

--- Page 209 ---
209 
 
THE ASSET MONITOR 
Article 7-sexiesdecies of the Law 130 and the BoI Regulations require that the Issuer appoints a 
qualified entity to be the asset monitor to carry out controls on the regularity of the transaction and 
the integrity of the Covered Bond Guarantee. 
Pursuant to Article 7-sexiesdecies of the Law 130 and the BoI Regulations, the asset monitor must be 
an independent auditor enrolled with the Register of Certified Auditors held by the Ministry for 
Economy and Finance pursuant to Legislative Decree No. 39 of 27 January 2010 and the Ministerial 
Decree No. 145 of 20 June 2012 and shall be independent from the Issuer and any other party to the 
Programme and from the accounting firm who carries out the audit of the Issuer and the Guarantor. 
Based upon controls carried out, the asset monitor shall prepare annual reports, to be addressed also 
to the Board of Statutory Auditors (collegio sindacale) of the Issuer. 
BDO Italia S.p.A., a società per azioni incorporated under the laws of the Republic of Italy, 
having its registered office at Viale Abruzzi 94, 20131, Milan, Italy, fiscal code and enrolment 
with the companies register of Milan No. 07722780967, included in the Register of Certified 
Auditors held by the Ministry for Economy and Finance – Stage general accounting office, at no. 
167911. 
Pursuant to an engagement letter entered into on or about 8 October 2019, as subsequently amended, 
the Issuer has appointed the Asset Monitor in order to perform, subject to receipt of the relevant 
information from the Issuer, specific monitoring activities concerning the compliance of the 
Programme with Title I-bis of Law 130 and the BoI Regulations including, inter alia, the calculation 
performed by the Test Calculation Agent in respect of the Tests, the Liquidity Buffer Target Amount, 
the Exposure Limit and the Minimum OC Requirement with a view to confirming whether such 
calculations are accurate. 
The engagement letter reflects the provisions of Law 130 and the BoI Regulations in relation to the 
procedures and proportionality principles applicable to the conduct of the monitoring activities by the 
Asset Monitor, the reports to be prepared and submitted by the Asset Monitor also to the Board of 
Statutory Auditors (collegio sindacale) of the Issuer. 
The engagement letter provides for certain matters such as the payment of fees and expenses by the 
Issuer to the Asset Monitor and the resignation of the Asset Monitor. 
The engagement letter is governed by Italian law. 
Furthermore, on 10 October 2019, inter alios, the Issuer, the Test Calculation Agent, the Asset 
Monitor, the Guarantor and the Representative of the Covered Bondholders entered into the Asset 
Monitor Agreement, as from time to time amended, as more fully described under “Description of the 
Programme Documents — Asset Monitor Agreement”, below.

--- Page 210 ---
210 
 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME DOCUMENTS 
Covered Bond Guarantee 
On 10 October 2019, the Guarantor, the Issuer and the Representative of the Covered Bondholders 
entered into the Covered Bond Guarantee, as from time to time amended, pursuant to which the 
Guarantor agreed to issue, for the benefit of the Covered Bondholders and the Other Issuer 
Creditors, a first demand, unconditional, irrevocable and autonomous guarantee to support payments 
of interest and principal under the Covered Bonds issued by the Issuer under the Programme and 
other payments due to the Other Issuer Creditors. Under the Covered Bond Guarantee the Guarantor 
has agreed to pay an amount equal to the Guaranteed Amounts when the same shall become due and 
payable but which would otherwise be unpaid by the Issuer. The obligations of the Guarantor under 
the Covered Bond Guarantee constitute direct and unconditional, unsubordinated and limited 
recourse obligations of the Guarantor, collateralised by the Cover Pool as provided under the 
Articles 7-sexies, Paragraph 1, letter (c) and 7-quaterdecies of Law 130 and the BoI Regulations. 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders will enforce the Covered Bond Guarantee: (i) 
following the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default and subject to any applicable grace periods, by 
serving a Notice to Pay on the Issuer and the Guarantor; and (ii) following the occurrence of a 
Guarantor Event of Default and subject to any applicable grace periods, by serving an Acceleration 
Notice on the Guarantor. 
Following the service of a Notice to Pay by the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, 
payment of the Guaranteed Amounts shall be made by the Guarantor on the dates scheduled and for 
the amounts determined in accordance with the Post-Issuer Event of Default Priority of Payments. 
Under the Covered Bond Guarantee, the parties have agreed that, should a resolution pursuant to 
article 74 of the Consolidated Banking Act be issued in respect of the Issuer, although such event 
constitutes an Issuer Event of Default, the consequences thereof will only apply during the 
Suspension Period. Following an Article 74 Event: 
(i) 
the Representative of the Covered Bondholders will serve a Notice to Pay on the Issuer and  
the Guarantor, specifying that an Article 74 Event has occurred and that such event may be 
temporary; and 
(ii) 
in accordance with article 7-quaterdecies of Law 130, the Guarantor shall be responsible for 
the payments of the amounts due and payable under the Covered Bonds within the Suspension 
Period at their relevant due date provided that it shall be entitled to claim any such amounts 
from the Issuer. 
The Suspension Period shall end upon delivery by the Representative of the Covered Bondholders to 
the Issuer, the Guarantor and the Asset Monitor of an Article 74 Event Cure Notice, informing such 
parties that the Article 74 Event has been revoked. 
Upon the termination of the Suspension Period the Issuer shall again be responsible for meeting the 
payment obligations under the Covered Bonds. 
Under the Covered Bond Guarantee, the parties thereto have also agreed that, upon enforcement of 
the Covered Bond Guarantee, the Guarantor shall be entitled to request from the Issuer — also prior 
to any payments by the Guarantor under the Covered Bond Guarantee — an amount up to the 
Guaranteed Amounts, in order to secure the Issuer obligations to the subrogation right of the 
Guarantor. Any sum so received or recovered from the Issuer will be used to make payments in

--- Page 211 ---
211 
accordance with the Covered Bond Guarantee. The parties have also agreed that the Guarantor shall 
no longer be entitled request to the Issuer payment of such amounts if an Acceleration Notice is 
delivered by the Representative of the Covered Bondholders or the Covered Bonds have been 
otherwise accelerated pursuant to the Conditions. The service of an Acceleration Notice by the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders will result in the acceleration of the right of the Covered 
Bondholders of each Series of Covered Bonds issued to receive payment of the Guaranteed Amounts 
and the Representative of the Covered Bondholders will demand the immediate payment by the 
Guarantor of all Guaranteed Amounts. Payments made by the Guarantor following the service of an 
Acceleration Notice shall be made pari passu and on a pro-rata basis to the Covered Bondholders of 
all outstanding Series of Covered Bonds, in accordance with the Post-Guarantor Event of Default 
Priority of Payments. 
Pursuant to the terms of the Covered Bond Guarantee, the recourse of the Covered Bondholders and 
the Other Issuer Creditors to the Guarantor under the Covered Bond Guarantee will be limited to the 
Available Funds. 
Furthermore, under the Covered Bond Guarantee, the parties have agreed that as of the date of 
administrative liquidation (liquidazione coatta amministrativa) of the Issuer or following the delivery 
of a Notice to Pay to the Issuer and the Guarantor, the Guarantor (or the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders pursuant to the Intercreditor Agreement) shall exercise, on an exclusive basis 
and in compliance with the provisions of article 7-quaterdecies of Law 130, the rights of the Covered 
Bondholders against the Issuer and any amount recovered from the Issuer will be part of the 
Available Funds. 
To the extent that the Guarantor makes, or there is made on its behalf, a payment of any amount 
under the Covered Bond Guarantee, the Guarantor will be fully and automatically subrogated to the 
Covered Bondholders' and Other Issuer Creditors' rights against the Issuer pursuant to article 2900 et 
seq. of the Italian Civil Code. 
Governing law 
The Covered Bond Guarantee is governed by Italian law. 
Subordinated Loan Agreement 
On 1 October 2019, the Seller (in its capacity as Subordinated Loan Provider) and the Guarantor 
entered into a Subordinated Loan Agreement, as from time to time amended, pursuant to Law 130 
under which the Seller granted or will grant to the Guarantor a term loan facility in an aggregate 
amount equal to the Total Commitment, for the purposes of funding the purchase by the Guarantor of 
Eligible Assets, Integration Assets and/or Liquid Assets from the Seller pursuant to the terms of the 
Master Transfer Agreement and the Cover Pool Administration Agreement. 
In addition, pursuant to the Subordinated Loan Agreement, the Subordinated Loan Provider granted 
or will grant to the Guarantor a term loan facility for the purposes of funding the creation and/or 
maintenance of a cash reserve sufficient to comply with the Liquidity Buffer Target Amount. 
Pursuant to the Subordinated Loan Agreement, the Subordinated Loan Provider has acknowledged 
its undertakings, inter alia,  (i) pursuant to the Cover Pool Administration Agreement, to transfer 
further Eligible Assets, Integration Assets and/or Liquid Assets to the Guarantor and to make 
available to the Guarantor further Term Loans in order to fund the purchase of such assets, and (ii) 
pursuant to the Master Transfer Agreement, to make available to the Guarantor further Term Loans

--- Page 212 ---
212 
in order to fund any settlement amounts of the purchase price of the Initial Portfolio or any New 
Portfolio which may be due by the Guarantor under the Master Transfer Agreement. 
The obligation of the Seller (in its capacity as Subordinated Loan Provider) to advance a Term 
Loan to the Guarantor under the Subordinated Loan Agreement will be off-set against the 
obligation of the Guarantor to pay to the Seller the purchase price for the Eligible Assets, 
Integration Assets and Liquid Assets funded by means of the Term Loan. 
On each Guarantor Payment Date and subject to the Subordinated Loan Provider having paid to the 
Guarantor any shortfall amount, the Guarantor will pay to the Subordinated Loan Provider the 
amount of the Premium, if any, payable to such Subordinated Loan Provider on the relevant 
Guarantor Payment Date in accordance with the applicable Priority of Payments and the terms of the 
Subordinated Loan Agreement. 
Interest and Premium, if any, payable in respect of a Term Loan shall be payable on each Guarantor 
Payment Date following the Drawdown Date (as defined under each Subordinated Loan Agreement) 
of that Term Loan, subject to the relevant Priority of Payments. 
Prior to the delivery of a Notice to Pay, each Term Loan shall be repaid on each Guarantor Payment 
Date subject to the written request of the Subordinated Loan Provider and the Issuer, according to the 
Pre-Issuer Event of Default Principal Priority of Payments and within the limits of the then Available 
Funds, provided that (i) as at the preceding Test Calculation Date the Statutory Test and the Liquidity 
Buffer Target Amount will be complied with and (ii) such repayment does not result in a breach of 
any of the Tests and the Liquidity Buffer Target Amount. 
 
Following the service of a Notice to Pay, the Term Loans shall be repaid within the limits of the 
Available Funds subject to the repayment in full (or, prior to the service of an Acceleration Notice, 
the accumulation of funds sufficient for the purpose of such repayment) of all Covered Bonds. 
Upon occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default, any amount payable by the Guarantor to the 
Subordinated Loan Provider pursuant to the Subordinated Loan Agreement shall be considered 
automatically offset against the amounts due by the Subordinated Loan Provider as a result of the 
enforcement of the Guarantee. 
Governing law 
The Subordinated Loan Agreement is governed by Italian law. 
Master Transfer Agreement 
On 1 October 2019 the Seller and the Guarantor entered into the Master Transfer Agreement, as from 
time to time amended, pursuant to which, the Seller has assigned and transferred, and will assign and 
transfer to the Guarantor, and the Guarantor has purchased and will purchase, without recourse (pro 
soluto) from the Seller, an Initial Portfolio and New Portfolios of Eligible Assets, Integration Assets 
and Liquid Assets that shall form part of the Cover Pool, in accordance with articles 4 and 7-bis of 
the Law 130, as applicable until the Implementation Date, and Article 7-sexies and ff. of Titolo I-bis 
of Law 130, as applicable as of the Implementation Date. 
Under the Master Transfer Agreement, upon satisfaction of certain conditions set out therein, the 
Seller (i) may or shall, as the case may be, assign and transfer, without recourse (pro soluto), to the 
Guarantor and the Guarantor shall purchase, without recourse (pro soluto) from the Seller, New 
Portfolios which shall form part of the Cover Pool held by the Guarantor, if such transfer is

--- Page 213 ---
213 
required under the terms of the Cover Pool Administration Agreement in order to ensure the 
compliance of the Cover Pool with the Tests and/or with the Liquidity Buffer Target Amount 
and/or the Exposure Limit; and (ii) may transfer New Portfolios to the Guarantor, and the 
Guarantor shall purchase from the Seller such New Portfolios, in order to supplement the Cover 
Pool in connection with the issuance of further Series of Covered Bonds under the Programme in 
accordance with the Programme Agreement. 
In addition to (i) and (ii) above, under the terms and subject to the conditions of the Master Transfer 
Agreement, prior to the delivery to the Issuer and the Guarantor of a Notice to Pay, the Seller may 
transfer New Portfolios to the Guarantor, which will fund the purchase price thereof through the 
principal collections then standing to the credit of the Collection Account. 
The Purchase Price payable for the Initial Portfolio has been determined pursuant to the Master 
Transfer Agreement. Under the Master Transfer Agreement the relevant parties thereto have 
acknowledged that the Purchase Price for the Initial Portfolio have been funded through the proceeds 
of the first Term Loan under the Subordinated Loan Agreement. The Purchase Price for each New 
Portfolio will be equal to the aggregate amount of the Individual Purchase Price of all Eligible Assets 
and/or Integration Assets and/or Liquid Asset comprised in such New Portfolio pursuant to the 
provisions of the Master Transfer Agreement. 
In case the Purchase Price is paid with the principal collections then standing to the credit of the 
Collection Account and, upon the settlement procedure set out above, the Guarantor is required to 
pay amounts to the Seller in excess of the Purchase Price already paid, such amounts will be deducted 
from the amounts due to the Seller as repayment of the outstanding Term Loans and, to the extent no 
such amounts are available, through the proceeds of an appropriate Term Loan to be made available 
by the Seller as Subordinated Loan Provider pursuant to the relevant Subordinated Loan Agreement. 
The Seller has sold to the Guarantor, and the Guarantor has purchased from the Seller, the 
Receivables comprised in the Initial Portfolio, which met the Common Criteria (as described in detail 
in the section headed “Description of the Cover Pool”) and the relevant specific criteria (as described 
in detail under the Master Transfer Agreement) and in accordance with the Covered Bond 
Regulations applicable prior to the Implementation Date. The Eligible Asset and/or Integration 
Assetscomprised in any New Portfolio to be transferred under the Master Transfer Agreement shall 
meet, in addition to the Common Criteria, the relevant specific criteria and/or any further criteria. 
Pursuant to the Master Transfer Agreement, prior to the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default, the 
Seller will have the right to repurchase individual Receivables (including Defaulted Receivables), 
Integration Assets and/or Liquid Assets transferred to the Guarantor under the Master Transfer 
Agreement. 
After the service of a Notice to Pay, the Guarantor will, prior to disposing of the Eligible Assets, 
Integration Assets or Liquid Assets pursuant to the terms of the Cover Pool Administration 
Agreement, offer to sell the such assets to the Seller at a price equal to the minimum purchase price 
of the relevant Eligible Assets, Integration Assets or Liquid Assets as determined pursuant to the 
Cover Pool Administration Agreement. If the Guarantor should subsequently propose to transfer such 
assets for a price lower than the minimum purchase price as determined pursuant to the Cover Pool 
Administration Agreement, it shall again offer such assets to the Seller on the same terms and 
conditions offered by such third parties before entering into a transfer agreement with the latter. 
Governing law 
The Master Transfer Agreement is governed by Italian law.

--- Page 214 ---
214 
Warranty and Indemnity Agreement 
On 1 October 2019, the Seller and the Guarantor entered into a Warranty and Indemnity Agreement, 
as from time to time amended, pursuant to which the Seller has given certain representations and 
warranties in favour of the Guarantor in respect of, inter alia, itself, the Portfolio transferred and to 
be transferred by it pursuant to the Master Transfer Agreement, the Real Estate Assets over which the 
relevant Mortgages are established and certain other matters in relation to the issue of the Covered 
Bonds and has agreed to indemnify the Guarantor in respect of certain liabilities of the Guarantor that 
may be incurred, inter alia, in connection with the purchase and ownership of the relevant Portfolio. 
The Warranty and Indemnity Agreement contains representations and warranties given by the 
Seller as to matters of law and fact affecting the Seller including, without limitation, that the Seller 
validly exists as a legal entity, has the corporate authority and power to enter into the Programme 
Documents to which it is party and assume the obligations contemplated therein and has all the 
necessary authorisations for such purpose. 
The Warranty and Indemnity Agreement sets out certain representations and warranties in respect of 
the Portfolio to which it relates, including, inter alia, that, as of the date of execution of each 
Warranty and Indemnity Agreement, the Receivables comprised in the Initial Portfolio (i) are valid, 
in existence and in compliance with the criteria set forth under the Master Transfer Agreement, and 
(ii) relate to Mortgage Loan Agreements which have been entered into, executed and performed by 
the Seller in compliance with all applicable laws, rules and regulations. 
Pursuant to the Warranty and Indemnity Agreement, the Seller has agreed to indemnify and hold 
harmless the Guarantor, its officers or agents or any of its permitted assigns from and against any 
and all damages, losses, claims, costs and expenses awarded against, or incurred by such parties 
which arise out of or result from, inter alia, any representation and warranty given by the Seller 
under or pursuant to the relevant Warranty and Indemnity Agreement being false, incomplete or 
incorrect. 
Governing law 
The Warranty and Indemnity Agreement is governed by Italian law. 
Servicing Agreement 
On 1 October 2019, the Servicer and the Guarantor entered into the Servicing Agreement, as from 
time to time amended, pursuant to which the Guarantor has appointed Banca Popolare dell’Alto 
Adige as Servicer of the Receivables. The Servicer will act as the "soggetto incaricato della 
riscossione dei crediti ceduti e dei servizi di cassa e di pagamento" pursuant to the Law 130 and will 
be responsible for the receipt of the Collections acting as agent (mandatario con obbligo di 
rendiconto) of the Guarantor. In such capacity, the Servicer shall also be responsible for ensuring 
that such operations comply with the provisions of articles 2, paragraph 3, letter (c), and 2, 
paragraphs 6-bis of the Law 130. 
In addition, under the Servicing Agreement, the Guarantor has mandated Banca Popolare dell’Alto 
Adige to act as "soggetto incaricato della riscossione e dei servizi di cassa e di pagamento" in 
respect of the Public Entity Securities and the Liquid Assets that may be assigned by it to the 
Guarantor, in accordance with the terms of the Servicing Agreement. 
Pursuant to the Servicing Agreement the Servicer will transfer the interest and principal collections 
with respect to the Receivables to the Collection Account held with the Account Bank within the 
immediately following Business Day.

--- Page 215 ---
215 
Under the Servicing Agreement the Servicer may delegate to third parties, to carry out on behalf of 
the Guarantor and in accordance with the Servicing Agreement and the Credit and Collection Policy 
the management, administration, collection and recovery activities with respect to the Receivables 
transferred by the Seller to the Guarantor. 
The Servicer has undertaken to deliver to the Guarantor, the Issuer, the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders, the Guarantor Calculation Agent, the Test Calculation Agent, the Issuer 
Paying Agent, the Guarantor Paying Agent, and the Corporate Servicer, the Monthly Servicer's 
Report prepared substantially in the form of Schedule 2, part I, of the Servicing Agreement or in the 
form as may be agreed between the parties thereto. 
The Servicer has undertaken to deliver to, inter alios, the Guarantor, the Account Bank, the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders, the Guarantor Calculation Agent, the Test Calculation 
Agent, the Asset Monitor, the Issuer Paying Agent, the Corporate Servicer and the Rating Agency, 
the Quarterly Servicer's Report prepared substantially in the form of Schedule 2, part II, of the 
Servicing Agreement or in the form as may be agreed between the parties thereto. 
The Servicer has represented to the Guarantor that it has all skills, software, hardware, information 
technology and human resources necessary to comply with the efficiency standards required by the 
Servicing Agreement in relation to the respective responsibilities. 
The Guarantor may terminate the Servicer's appointment and appoint a successor servicer or service 
provider if certain events occur (each, a " Servicer Termination Event"), namely: 
(i) 
failure (not attributable to force majeure) to deposit or pay any amount required to be paid or 
deposited which failure continues for a period of 10 Business Days following receipt of a 
written notice from the Guarantor requiring the relevant amount to be paid or deposited;  
(ii) 
failure to observe or perform duties under the Servicing Agreement and the continuation of 
such failure for a period of 10 Business Days following receipt of written notice from the 
Guarantor (provided that a failure ascribable to any delegate of the Servicer shall not 
constitute a Servicer Termination Event); 
(iii) an Insolvency Event occurs with respect to the Servicer; 
(iv) 
the representation and warranties given by the Servicer under the Servicing Agreement are 
false or misleading in any material respect and this has a substantially negative effect on the 
Guarantor and/or the Programme;  
(v) 
it becomes unlawful for the Servicer to perform or comply with any of its obligations under 
the Servicing Agreement; 
(vi) 
the Servicer is or will be unable to meet the current or future legal requirements and the BoI 
Regulations for entities acting as servicers in the context of a covered bonds transaction. 
In addition, the Guarantor has appointed Securitisation Services S.p.A. as Back-Up Servicer 
Facilitator. If the Long Term Issuer Default Rating falls below “BB” by Fitch, the Guarantor, with the 
support of the Back-up Servicer Facilitator and in collaboration with the Servicer, will make 
reasonable efforts to appoint a Back-up Servicer, within 45 (forty five) calendar days from the 
moment on which the Long Term Issuer Default Rating of the Servicer falls below “BB” by Fitch. 
Governing law 
The Servicing Agreement is governed by Italian law.

--- Page 216 ---
216 
Programme Agreement 
For a description of the Programme Agreement, see "Subscription and Sale". 
Intercreditor Agreement 
On 10 October 2019, the Guarantor and the Other Creditors entered into the Intercreditor 
Agreement, as from time to time amended. Under the Intercreditor Agreement provision is made as 
to the application of the proceeds from Collections in respect of the Cover Pool and as to the 
circumstances in which the Representative of the Covered Bondholders will be entitled, in the 
interest of the Covered Bondholders, to exercise certain of the Guarantor's rights in respect of the 
Cover Pool and the Programme Documents. 
In the Intercreditor Agreement the Other Creditors have agreed, inter alia:  
(i) 
the order of priority of payments to be made out of the Available Funds (for further details in 
this regard, please see section headed "Cashflow" below);  
(ii) 
that the obligations owed by the Guarantor to the Covered Bondholders and, in general, to 
the Other Creditors are limited recourse obligations of the Guarantor; and  
(iii) that the Covered Bondholders and the Other Creditors have a claim against the Guarantor 
only to the extent of the Available Funds. 
Under the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement, the Guarantor has undertaken, following the service 
of an Acceleration Notice, to comply with all directions of the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders, acting pursuant to the Conditions, in relation to the management and administration of 
the Cover Pool. 
Governing law 
The Intercreditor Agreement is governed by Italian law. 
Asset Monitor Agreement 
On 10 October 2019, the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Asset Monitor, the Test Calculation Agent and the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders entered into the Asset Monitor Agreement, as from time 
to time amended, whereby each of the Issuer and the Guarantor has appointed the Asset Monitor to 
perform the services set out therein — please see "The Asset Monitor" below. 
The appointment by the Guarantor will become effective only subject to, and with effect from, the 
delivery of a Notice to Pay, provided that, in case the Issuer Event of Default consists of an Article 
74 Event, the Asset Monitor will provide the services to the Guarantor up to the date on which the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholder will have delivered an Article 74 Event Cure Notice. 
Pursuant to the Asset Monitor Agreement, the Asset Monitor has agreed to the Issuer and, upon 
delivery of a Notice to Pay, to the Guarantor, to verify, subject to due receipt of the information to be 
provided by the Test Calculation Agent to the Asset Monitor, the arithmetic accuracy of the 
calculations performed by the Test Calculation Agent in relation to the, inter alia, Statutory Tests, the 
Asset Coverage Test, the Amortisation Test, the Liquidity Buffer Target Amount, the Exposure Limit 
and the Minimum OC Requirement carried out pursuant to the Cover Pool Administration 
Agreement, with a view to confirming whether such calculations are accurate. 
In the Asset Monitor Agreement, the Asset Monitor has acknowledged to perform its services also for 
the benefit and in the interests of the Guarantor (to the extent it will carry out the services under the 
appointment of the Issuer) and the Covered Bondholders and accepted that upon delivery of a Notice 
to Pay, it will receive instructions from, provide its services to, and be liable vis-à-vis the Guarantor

--- Page 217 ---
217 
or the Representative of the Covered Bondholders on its behalf, so that the delivery of a Notice to 
Pay shall entail no termination of the Asset Monitor Agreement. 
In addition, on or prior to each relevant date as set out in the Asset Monitor Agreement, the Asset 
Monitor has undertaken to deliver to the Guarantor, the Test Calculation Agent, the Guarantor 
Calculation Agent, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, the Servicer and the Issuer the 
Asset Monitor Report (as defined under the Asset Monitor Agreement). 
The Issuer or the Guarantor (as the case may be) may, until the occurrence of an Issuer Event of 
Default without any prior approval of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders and following 
the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default with the prior approval of the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders, revoke the appointment of the Asset Monitor, in either case by giving not less 
than three months' (or earlier, in the event of a breach of warranties and covenants) written notice to 
the Asset Monitor (with a copy to the Issuer or the Guarantor (as the case may be) and Representative 
of the Covered Bondholders and the Test Calculation Agent). In addition, without prejudice to the 
foregoing, pursuant to article 7-sexiesdecies, paragraph 2, of Law 130, the Issuer or the Guarantor (as 
the case may be) shall terminate the appointment of the Asset Monitor if the Asset Monitor ceases to 
be independent from the Issuer or any other party to the Programme or its appointment no longer 
satisfies the requirements set forth by Law 130 and BoI Regulations. 
The Asset Monitor may resign from its appointment under the Asset Monitor Agreement, upon 
giving not less than three months' (or such shorter period as the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders may agree) prior written notice of termination to the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Test 
Calculation Agent and the Representative of the Covered Bondholders subject to and conditional 
upon certain conditions set out in the Asset Monitor Agreement. 
Governing law 
The Asset Monitor Agreement is governed by Italian law. 
Cash Management and Agency Agreement 
On 10 October 2019, the Guarantor, the Issuer, the Seller, the Servicer, the Account Bank, the 
Guarantor Calculation Agent, the Test Calculation Agent, the Issuer Paying Agent, the Guarantor 
Paying Agent, the Cash Manager, the Corporate Servicer and the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders entered into the Cash Management and Agency Agreement, as from time to time 
amended. 
Under the terms of the Cash Management and Agency Agreement: 
(i) 
the Account Bank has agreed to establish and maintain, in the name and on behalf of the 
Guarantor, inter alia, the Collection Account, the Reserve Account, the Expenses Account, the 
Securities Account, the Guarantor Payments Account, the Liquidity Buffer Account (if any) 
and the Liquidity Buffer Securities Account (if any) and to provide the Guarantor with certain 
reporting services together with account handling services in relation to monies from time to 
time standing to the credit of such Accounts pursuant to the terms of the Cash Management 
and Agency Agreement; 
(ii) 
the Guarantor Paying Agent or the Issuer Paying Agent, as the case may be, has agreed to 
provide the Guarantor with certain payment services together with certain calculation services 
pursuant to the terms of the Cash Management and Agency Agreement; 
(iii) 
the Guarantor Calculation Agent has agreed to provide the Guarantor with calculation services; 
and

--- Page 218 ---
218 
(iv) 
the Cash Manager has agreed to provide the Guarantor with investment services. 
The Guarantor may (with the prior approval of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders) 
revoke the appointment of any Agent under the Cash Management and Agency Agreement by giving 
not less than three months' (or earlier, in the event of a breach of warranties and covenants by the 
relevant Agent) written notice to the relevant Agent (with a copy to the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders), regardless of whether an Issuer Event of Default or a Guarantor Event of 
Default has occurred. Any Agent may resign from its appointment under the Cash Management and 
Agency Agreement, upon giving not less than three months' (or such shorter period as the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders may agree) prior written notice of termination to the 
Guarantor and the Representative of the Covered Bondholders and the Issuer subject to and 
conditional upon certain conditions set out in the Cash Management and Agency Agreement. 
Governing law 
The Cash Management and Agency Agreement is governed by Italian law. 
Cover Pool Administration Agreement 
On 10 October 2019, the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Asset Monitor, the Guarantor Calculation Agent, 
the Test Calculation Agent, the Seller and the Representative of the Covered Bondholders entered 
into the Cover Pool Administration Agreement, as from time to time amended, pursuant to which 
they have agreed certain terms regulating, inter alia, the performance of the Tests and the verification 
of the Liquidity Buffer Target Amount, the Exposure Limit and the Minimum OC Requirement with 
respect to the Cover Pool and the purchase and sale by the Guarantor of assets included in the Cover 
Pool. 
Under the Cover Pool Administration Agreement, starting from the Issue Date of the first Series of 
Covered Bonds and until the date on which all Series of Covered Bonds issued in the context of the 
Programme have been cancelled or redeemed in full in accordance with their Final Terms, the Seller 
has undertaken to procure that on any Test Calculation Date prior to the Servicer of a Notice to Pay 
each of the Statutory Tests and Asset Coverage Test is met with respect to the Cover Pool. In 
addition, on each Test Calculation Date (or on each Monthly Test Calculation Date, as applicable) 
following the service of a Notice to Pay (provided that, in case the Issuer Event of Default consists of 
an Article 74 Event, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders has not delivered an Article 74 
Event Cure Notice), but prior to service of an Acceleration Notice, the Test Calculation Agent shall 
verify that the Amortisation Test and the Minimum OC Requirement is met with respect to the Cover 
Pool. 
In addition, pursuant to the Cover Pool Management Agreement, the Test Calculation Agent shall 
verify –on 
The Test Calculation Agent shall verify if each of the Statutory Tests and Asset Coverage Test is met 
on each Test Calculation Date and, to the extent that on any such Test Calculation Date any of the 
Statutory Tests and Asset Coverage Test was breached, on any following Monthly Calculation Date 
until the end of the relevant Test Grace Period. 
In addition, pursuant to the Cover Pool Administration Agreement, the Test Calculation Agent shall 
verify – on the basis of the information made available to it in accordance with the Programme 
Documents – that (a) the Liquidity Buffer Target Amount is met on each Test Calculation Date and 
(b) the Exposure Limit has been correctly calculated on each Test Calculation and on any other date 
on which the verification of the Exposure Limit is required pursuant to the Programme Documents.

--- Page 219 ---
219 
The Test Calculation Agent has agreed to prepare and deliver to the Issuer, the Seller, the Guarantor, 
the Guarantor Calculation Agent, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, the Rating Agency 
and the Asset Monitor, not later than the Test Calculation Date (or Monthly Test Calculation Date, as 
applicable) a report setting out, inter alia, the calculations carried out by it in respect to the Statutory 
Tests, the Asset Coverage Test, Liquidity Buffer Target Amount, the Exposure Limit and (to the 
extent carried out pursuant to Clause 3.1 (General undertaking to ensure Amortisation Test is met) of 
the Cover Pool Administration Agreement) the Amortisation Test and the Minimum OC Requirement 
(these latter to the extent carried out pursuant to the Cover Pool Administration Agreement) (the 
"Test Performance Report"), it being understood that the Test Performance Report shall be 
provided no later than the Monthly Test Calculation Date in case of occurrence of any event 
described under Clauses 4.2 and 4.5 of the Asset Monitor Agreement. Such Test Performance Report 
shall specify the occurrence of a breach of the Statutory Tests and/or the Asset Coverage Test and/or 
the Liquidity Buffer Target Amount and/or the Amortisation Test and/or the Minimum OC 
Requirement providing details with respect to the relevant calculations including, inter alia, the 
Portfolio with respect to which a shortfall has occurred, identified on the basis of the Seller which 
transferred it to the Guarantor. 
The Test Calculation Agent shall verify each Test on each Test Calculation Date and, to the extent 
that on any such Test Calculation Date the Asset Coverage Test was breached, on any following 
Monthly Calculation Date until the end of the relevant Test Grace Period. 
In addition, if, on any date until the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default, the Exposure Limit is 
not correctly calculated, the Test Calculation Agent shall give notice to the Issuer, the Sellers, the 
Guarantor, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders and the Asset Monitor of such breach 
(sending a new Test Performance Report with such amount correctly calculated). 
If the Test Calculation Agent notifies the breach of any Test in accordance with Clause 4.2 (Breach 
of Tests) of the Cover Pool Administration Agreement, during the period starting on the date on 
which the breach is notified by the Test Calculation Agent and ending on the following Test 
Calculation Date (the "Test Grace Period"), the Guarantor will purchase Eligible Assets and/or 
Integration Assets, to be transferred by the Seller in an aggregate amount sufficient to ensure, also 
taking into account the information provided by the Test Calculation Agent in the Test Performance 
Report notifying the relevant breach, that as of the Test Calculation Date falling at the end of the Test 
Grace Period, all Tests are satisfied with respect to the Cover Pool and/or in the Cover Pool for 
Statutory Tests, as the case may be provided that, in accordance with Clause 4.5 of the Cover Pool 
Administration Agreement, failure to remedy the Test will trigger an Issuer Event of Default only to 
the extent that on the end of the relevant Test Grace Period, the relevant breach has not been 
remedied in accordance with Clause 4.3 (Grace Period and Remedy of Tests) of the Cover Pool 
Administration Agreement during the applicable Test Grace Period. 
For the purpose of allowing the Guarantor to fund the purchases referred to above: the Issuer, in its 
capacity as Subordinated Loan Provider, has undertaken to advance to the Guarantor a Term Loan in 
accordance with the relevant Subordinated Loan Agreement in an amount equal to the purchase price 
to be paid by the Guarantor for the Eligible Assets, Integration Assets and/or Liquid Assets to be 
transferred by the Issuer. For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer acknowledges and agrees that the 
Total Commitment amount set out from time to time under the Subordinated Loan Agreement shall 
under no circumstances be construed as a limitation with respect to the Issuer's obligations to advance 
the Term Loans due to the Guarantor in order to fund the purchase price for the relevant Eligible 
Assets, Integration Assets and Liquid Assets.

--- Page 220 ---
220 
Following the notification by the Test Calculation Agent that: 
(a) 
on a given Test Calculation Date, the Statutory Tests and/or of the Asset Coverage Test and/or 
the Amortisation Test have been breached; and 
(b) 
after the end of the relevant Test Grace Period, the relevant breach has not been remedied in 
accordance with Clause 4.3 (Grace Period and Remedy of Tests) of the Cover Pool 
Administration Agreement during the applicable Test Grace Period, 
then the Representative of the Covered Bondholders will deliver, as the case may be: 
(i) 
a Notice to Pay to the Issuer and the Guarantor; or 
(ii) 
an Acceleration Notice on the Guarantor, if a Notice to Pay has already been served (provided 
that, should such Notice to Pay consist of an Article 74 Event, it has not served an Article 74 
Event Cure Notice) and the Amortisation Test is breached. 
Upon receipt of a Notice to Pay or an Acceleration Notice, the Guarantor shall dispose of the assets 
included in the Cover Pool. The Issuer will not issue further Series of Covered Bonds following the 
breach of Tests which have not been cured or otherwise remedied. 
After the service of a Notice to Pay on the Issuer and the Guarantor, but prior to the service of an 
Acceleration Notice, the Guarantor (also through the Servicer, pursuant to Clause 2.5.2 of the 
Servicing Agreement) will sell, refinance or otherwise liquidate the Eligible Assets, Integration 
Assets and Liquid Assets included in the Cover Pool in accordance with Clause 8 of the Cover Pool 
Administration Agreement (including for the purpose of meeting the Liquidity Buffer Target 
Amount), subject to the rights of pre-emption in favour of the Issuer to buy such Eligible Assets, 
Integration Assets and Liquid Assets pursuant to the Master Transfer Agreement, provided that, in 
case of the Issuer Event of Default consists of an Article 74 Event, such provisions will only apply 
for as long as the Representative of the Covered Bondholders will have delivered an Article 74 Event 
Cure Notice. 
The Eligible Assets, Integration Assets and/or Liquid Assets to be sold or liquidated will be selected 
from the Cover Pool on a random basis by the Servicer on behalf of the Guarantor and so to ensure 
that the ratio between the aggregate Outstanding Principal of the Cover Pool for Statutory Tests and 
the Outstanding Principal Amount of all Series of Covered Bonds remains unaltered both prior to and 
following the sale or liquidation of the relevant Selected Assets and repayment of the Earliest 
Maturing Covered Bonds (any such Eligible Assets and Liquid Assets together with any relevant 
Integration Assets, the "Selected Assets"). 
Before offering Selected Assets for sale or liquidating them, the Guarantor shall ensure that the 
Selected Assets have an aggregate Outstanding Principal Balance which is as close as possible to: 
(c) 
the Outstanding Principal Amount in respect of the Earliest Maturing Covered Bonds, 
multiplied by 1+ (Negative Carry Factor x (days to maturity of the relevant Series of Covered 
Bonds/365)); minus   
(d) 
amounts standing to the credit of the Collection Account, the Payment Account and the 
Reserve Account; minus   
(e) 
the principal amount of any Integration Assets consisting of deposits, 
excluding, with respect to items (b) and (c) above, all amounts to be applied on the next following 
Guarantor Payment Date to repay higher ranking amounts in the applicable Priority of Payments (the 
"Required Outstanding Principal Balance").

--- Page 221 ---
221 
The Guarantor through the Portfolio Manager will offer the Selected Assets for sale or liquidate them 
for the best price or proceeds reasonably available but in any event for an amount not less than the 
Required Outstanding Principal Balance (the "Required Outstanding Principal Balance Amount"). 
If the Selected Assets have not been sold or otherwise liquidated in an amount equal to the Required 
Outstanding Principal Balance Amount by the date which is six months prior to, as applicable, the 
Maturity Date (if the relevant Series of Covered Bonds is not subject to an Extended Maturity Date) 
or the Extended Maturity Date (if the relevant Series of Covered Bonds is subject to an Extended 
Maturity Date) of the Earliest Maturing Covered Bonds, and the Guarantor does not have sufficient 
other funds standing to the credit of the Collection Account, the Payment Account and the Reserve 
Account available to repay the Earliest Maturing Covered Bonds (after taking into account all 
payments, provisions and credits to be made in priority thereto), then the Guarantor through the 
Portfolio Manager will offer the Selected Assets for sale or liquidate them for the best price 
reasonably available notwithstanding that such price may be less than the Required Outstanding 
Principal Balance Amount and provided that the Guarantor will sell or liquidate further Selected 
Assets as are necessary to generate proceeds at least equal to the Required Outstanding Principal 
Balance Amount. 
With respect to any sale or liquidation to be carried out in accordance with the foregoing (including 
for the purpose of meeting the Liquidity Buffer Target Amount), the Guarantor shall instruct the 
Portfolio Manager (as defined below) - to the extent possible taking into account the time left before 
the Maturity Date or Extended Maturity Date (if applicable) of the Earliest Maturing Covered Bonds 
- to sell or liquidate any Integration Assets or Liquid Assets included in the Selected Assets before 
any Eligible Assets are sold in accordance herewith. 
The Guarantor may offer for sale or otherwise liquidate part of any portfolio of Selected Assets (a 
"Partial Portfolio"). Except in circumstances described under the Cover Pool Administration 
Agreement, the sale price or liquidation proceeds of the Partial Portfolio (as a proportion of the 
Required Outstanding Principal Balance Amount) shall be at least equal to the proportion that the 
Partial Portfolio bears to the relevant portfolio of Selected Assets. 
Upon the service of an Issuer Event of Default on the Issuer and the Guarantor, the Guarantor will 
through a tender process (to be carried out by the Guarantor Corporate Servicer on behalf of the 
Guarantor) appoint a portfolio manager (the "Portfolio Manager") of recognised standing on a 
basis intended to incentivise the Portfolio Manager to achieve the best proceeds for the sale or 
liquidation of the Selected Assets (if such terms are commercially available in the market) and to 
advise it in relation to the sale to purchasers (except where the Issuer is buying the Selected Assets 
in accordance with its right of pre-emption under the Master Transfer Agreement) or liquidation of 
the Selected Assets. The terms of the agreement giving effect to the appointment of the Portfolio 
Manager in accordance with such tender, as well as the terms and conditions of the sale of the 
Selected Assets, shall be approved by the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, provided 
however that the Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall never be responsible against any 
person whatsoever for the selection of, and the performance of the activities entrusted with, the 
Portfolio Manager so appointed. 
Following the delivery of a Notice to Pay consisting of an Article 74 Event, the obligation of the 
Guarantor to sell or liquidate Selected Assets, as described above, shall cease to apply starting from 
the date on which the Representative of the Covered Bondholders delivers to the Issuer, the Seller, 
the Guarantor and the Asset Monitor an Article 74 Event Cure Notice in accordance with the 
provisions of the Covered Bond Guarantee.

--- Page 222 ---
222 
Following the delivery by the Representative of the Covered Bondholders of an Acceleration Notice, 
the Guarantor shall immediately sell or liquidate all assets included in the Cover Pool (other than 
cash deposits) in accordance with the procedures described above and the proceeds thereof will be 
applied as Available Funds, provided that the Guarantor (or, in the absence, the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders) will instruct the Portfolio Manager to use all reasonable endeavours to procure 
that such sale or liquidation is carried out as quickly as reasonably practicable taking into account the 
market conditions at that time. 
In addition, pursuant to the Cover Pool Administration Agreement: 
a) if, on any Test Calculation Date the Liquidity Buffer Target Amount is not reached, upon notice 
of the Test Calculation Agent sent in accordance with the Cover Pool Administration Agreement, 
the Issuer may: (i) sell Liquid Assets to the Guarantor in accordance with the Master Transfer 
Agreement and, to this extent, shall grant the funds necessary for payment of the purchase price 
of the assets to the Guarantor in accordance with the Subordinated Loan Agreement; and/or (ii) 
repurchase assets by exercising the call option provided for under the Master Transfer Agreement 
in accordance with, and subject to the terms, set out therein; and/or (iii) grant to the Guarantor 
funds under the Subordinated Loan Agreement, in an aggregate amount sufficient to ensure that 
the Liquidity Buffer Target Amount is reached as soon as practicable; 
b) if, on any date until the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default and if the Staturoy Tests are not 
breached, the Exposure Limit is not correctly calculated, the Test Calculation Agent shall give 
notice to the Issuer, the Seller, the Guarantor, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders and 
the Asset Monitor of such breach (sending a new Test Performance Report with such amount 
correctly computed). In addition, the Issuer may (i) in its capacity as Seller, sell sufficient 
Eligible Assets, Integration Assets or Liquid Assets to the Guarantor in accordance with the 
Master Transfer Agreement; and/or (ii) in its capacity as Subordinated Loan Provider, request the 
Guarantor to reimburse the Subordinated Loan in accordance with the Subordinated Loan 
Agreement; and/or (iii) in its capacity as Cash Manager invest part of the Liquid Assets and/or 
Integration Assest in excess of the Exposure Limit in form of securities eligible under Article 
129, paragraph 1, letters (a) and (b) of the CRR, in an aggregate amount sufficient to ensure that 
the Exposure Limit is complied with as soon as practicable and in any event within one month 
following the delivery of the notice of the Test Calculation Agent; 
c) if, following the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default and service of a Notice to Pay on the 
Issuer and the Guarantor (but prior to the service on the Guarantor of an Acceleration Notice), on 
any Test Calculation Date or on any other date on which the verification of Minimum OC 
Requirement is required pursuant to the Programme Documents, the Minimum OC Requirement 
is not reached in accordance with the provisions of the Cover Pool Administration Agreement, 
then the Guarantor, acting upon instructions of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders 
(who shall act upon instructions of the Covered Bondholders in accordance with the Rules of the 
Organisation of the Covered Bondholders), shall (i) give instructions to the Cash Manager to 
invest all or part of the amounts standing to the Reserve Account in Eligible Assets, Integration 
Assets and/or Liquid Assets in form of securities eligible under Article 129 paragraph 1, (a) and 
(b), of the CRR and/or; (ii) instruct the Portfolio Manager to sell a sufficient amount of non 
eligible assets necessary to reach the Minimum OC Requirement. 
Governing law 
The Cover Pool Administration Agreement is governed by Italian law.

--- Page 223 ---
223 
The Swap Agreements 
The Guarantor may enter into one or more Swap Agreements on or about the Issue Date of a Series of 
Covered Bonds with one or more Covered Bond Swap Counterparty to hedge certain interest rate, 
currency and other risks in respect of amounts payable by the Guarantor in respect of the Series of 
Covered Bonds issued on that Issue Date. The aggregate notional amount of the Swap Agreements 
entered into on each Issue Date shall be linked to the Outstanding Principal Amount of the relevant 
Series of Covered Bonds. 
Swap Agreement Credit Support Document 
Each Swap Agreement will be supplemented and complemented by a credit support document in the 
form of the ISDA 1995 Credit Support Annex (Transfer English Law) to the ISDA Master 
Agreement (a "Credit Support Annex"). The Credit Support Annex will provide that the relevant 
Covered Bond Swap Counterparty, if required to do so following its downgrade or the downgrade of 
its credit support provider and subject to the conditions specified in such Credit Support Annex, will 
transfer collateral (“Swap Collateral”), and the Guarantor will be obliged to return equivalent 
collateral in accordance with the terms of the Swap Agreement. 
Cash and securities (and all income in respect thereof) transferred as collateral will only be available 
to be applied in returning collateral (and income thereon) or in satisfaction of amounts owing by the 
relevant Swap Provider in accordance with the terms and within the limits of the Swap Agreement . 
Any Swap Collateral will be returned by the Guarantor to the relevant Covered Bond Swap 
Counterparty directly in accordance with the terms of the Swap Agreement and not under any Priority 
of Payments. 
Governing law 
The Swap Agreements and any non-contractual obligations arising out or connected with them will 
be governed by English Law. 
Mandate Agreement 
On or about 10 October 2019, the Guarantor and the Representative of the Covered Bondholders 
entered into a mandate agreement (the "Mandate Agreement"), as from time to time amended, 
pursuant to which the Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall be authorised, subject to an 
Acceleration Notice being delivered to the Guarantor or upon failure by the Guarantor to exercise its 
rights under the Programme Documents and, subject to certain conditions, to exercise, in the name 
and on behalf of the Guarantor, in the interest of the Covered Bondholders and for the benefit of the 
Other Creditors all the Guarantor's right with reference to certain Programme Documents. 
Governing law 
The Mandate Agreement is governed by Italian law. 
Deed of Pledge 
On or about 10 October 2019, the Guarantor, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders and the 
Other Creditors entered into the Deed of Pledge, as from time to time amended and extended, under 
which, without prejudice and in addition to any security, guarantee and other right provided by the 
Law 130 and the Deed of Charge, securing the discharge of the Guarantor's obligations to the 
Covered Bondholders and the Other Creditors, the Guarantor has pledged in favour of the Covered 
Bondholders and the Other Creditors all monetary claims and rights and all the amount arising 
(including payment for claims, indemnities, damages, penalties, credits and guarantees) to which the

--- Page 224 ---
224 
Guarantor is or will be entitled to from time to time pursuant to certain Programme Documents, as 
amended and restated from time to time, with the exclusion of the Cover Pool and the Collections. 
The security created pursuant to the Deed of Pledge will become enforceable upon the service of an 
Acceleration Notice. 
Governing law 
The Deed of Pledge is governed by Italian law. 
Deed of Charge 
The Guarantor shall enter into the Deed of Charge, as from time to time amended, with the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders pursuant to which, without prejudice and in addition to 
any security, guarantees and other rights provided by the Law 130 and the Deed of Pledge securing 
the discharge of the Guarantor's obligations to the Covered Bondholders and the Other Creditors, the 
Guarantor may charge and assign in favour of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders as 
trustee for the Covered Bondholders and the Other Creditors all of its right, title, benefit and interest 
under the Swap Agreements, including the benefit of any guarantees thereunder, and right or title on 
or to any asset subject to English law. The security that may be created pursuant to the Deed of 
Charge will become enforceable upon the service of an Acceleration Notice. 
Governing law 
The Deed of Charge shall be governed by English law. 
Corporate Services Agreement 
On or about 10 October 2019, the Corporate Servicer and the Guarantor have entered into a corporate 
services agreement with the Corporate Servicer (the "Corporate Services Agreement"), as from 
time to time amended, pursuant to which the Corporate Servicer has agreed to provide certain 
corporate and administrative services to the Guarantor 
Governing law 
The Corporate Services Agreement is governed by Italian law. 
Quotaholders' Agreement 
For a description of the Quotaholders' Agreement, see "The Guarantor".

--- Page 225 ---
225 
 
CREDIT STRUCTURE 
The Covered Bonds will be direct, unsecured, unconditional obligations of the Issuer. The 
Guarantor has no obligation to pay the Guaranteed Amounts under the Covered Bond Guarantee 
until the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default, service by the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders of a Notice to Pay on the Issuer and on the Guarantor or, if earlier, following the 
occurrence of a Guarantor Event of Default, service by the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders of an Acceleration Notice on the Guarantor. 
There are a number of features of the Programme which enhance the likelihood of timely and, as 
applicable, ultimate payments to Covered Bondholders, as follows: 
 
the Covered Bond Guarantee provides credit support to the Issuer; 
 
the Statutory Tests and the Asset Coverage Test are periodically performed with the intention 
of ensuring that the Cover Pool is at all times sufficient to repay the Covered Bonds; 
 
the Amortisation Test is periodically performed, following the occurrence of an Issuer Event 
of Default and service of a Notice to Pay on the Issuer and the Guarantor, for the purpose of 
testing the asset coverage of the Guarantor's assets in respect of the Covered Bonds; 
 
the verification of the Liquidity Buffer Target Amount is periodically performed with the 
intention of ensuring at all times that the amount of Liquid Assets standing to the credit of the 
Accounts is equal to or higher than the maximum cumulative Net Liquidity Outflow of the 
Programme over the next 180 days; 
 
the verification of the Exposure Limit on each Test Calculation Date (or Monthly Calculation 
Date, as the case may be) and on any other date on which the verification of the Exposure 
Limit is required pursuant to the Programme Documents with the intention of ensuring that 
the Exposure Limit is correctly calculated within the performance of the Tests; 
 
the verification of the Minimum OC Requirement (i) prior to occurrence of an Issuer Event 
of Default and service of a Notice to Pay on the Issuer and the Guarantor, performed as part 
of the Nominal Value Test on each Test Calculation Date (or Monthly Calculation Date, as 
the case may be) and (ii) following the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default and service 
of a Notice to Pay on the Issuer and the Guarantor (but prior to the service on the Guarantor 
of an Acceleration Notice), performed in addition to the Amortisation Test for the purpose of 
testing verify that the Minimum OC Requirement is met on each Test Calculation Date (or 
Monthly Calculation Date, as the case may be); 
 
a Reserve Account will be established which will build up over time, in order to ensure that 
the Guarantor will have sufficient funds set aside to fulfil its obligation to pay interest 
accruing with respect to the Covered Bonds or the Swap Agreements; and 
 
the swap agreements that may be entered into in order to hedge certain interest rate, currency 
or other risks, in respect of amounts received and amounts payable by the Guarantor. 
Certain of these factors are considered more fully in the remainder of this section.  
Guarantee 
The Covered Bond Guarantee provided by the Guarantor guarantees payment of Guaranteed 
Amounts when they become due for payment in respect of all Covered Bonds issued under the 
Programme.

--- Page 226 ---
226 
See "Cashflows " further, as regards the payment of amounts payable by the Guarantor to Covered 
Bondholders and the Other Issuer Creditors following the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default. 
Compliance with the Tests 
Under the terms of the Cover Pool Administration Agreement, the Issuer must ensure that, on each 
Test Calculation Date prior to service of a Notice to Pay, the Cover Pool is in compliance with the 
Tests described below. If on any Test Calculation Date the Cover Pool is not in compliance with the 
Tests, then the Seller will sell Eligible Assets and/or Integration Assets and/or Liquid Assets to the 
Guarantor for an amount sufficient to allow the Tests to be met on the next following Test 
Calculation Date, in accordance with the Master Transfer Agreement and the Cover Pool 
Administration Agreement, to be financed through the proceeds of the Subordinated Loan to be 
granted by Seller. 
Statutory Tests 
The Statutory Tests are intended to ensure that the Guarantor can meet its obligations under the 
Covered Bond Guarantee. In order to ensure that the statutory tests provided for under Article 7-
undecies of Law 130 (the "Statutory Tests") are satisfied and that the Cover Pool is at all times 
sufficient to repay the Covered Bonds, the Seller must ensure that the three tests set out below are 
satisfied on each Test Calculation Date. 
Nominal Value Test 
The outstanding aggregate principal balance of the Cover Pool for Statutory Tests from time to time 
owned by the Guarantor (for the avoidance of doubts, this amount includes the aggregate amounts 
standing to the credit of the Collection Account, the Reserve Account, the Guarantor Payments 
Account, the Securities Account (if any), the Liquidity Buffer Account (if any) and the Liquidity 
Buffer Securities Account (if any) (in relation to the principal component only)) up to the end of the 
immediately preceding Calculation Period which have not been applied in accordance with the 
relevant Priority of Payments shall be higher than or equal to the Euro Equivalent amount of the 
Outstanding Principal Amount of all Series of Covered Bonds issued under the Programme and not 
cancelled or redeemed in full in accordance with the Conditions and the relevant Final Terms at the 
relevant Test Calculation Date or Monthly Test Calculation Date, as the case may be, provided that 
the Minimum OC Requirement shall at all time be met (the “Nominal Value Test”). 
Net Present Value Test 
The Issuer and the Seller must ensure, and the Test Calculation Agent shall verify, on each Test 
Calculation Date and, to the extent that on any such Test Calculation Date or Monthly Test 
Calculation Date, as the case may be, the Net Present Value Test was breached, on any following 
Monthly Test Calculation Date until the end of the relevant Test Grace Period, that the Net Present 
Value Test is met with respect to the Cover Pool for Statutory Tests. 
The Net Present Value of the Cover Pool for Statutory Tests shall be higher than or equal to the “Net 
Present Value of the Euro Equivalent amount of the Covered Bonds” at the relevant Test Calculation 
Date or Monthly Test Calculation Date (the “NPV Test”) where 
“Net Present Value of the Cover Pool for Statutory Tests” means on each Test Calculation Date 
and/or Monthly Test Calculation Date, an amount equal to the algebraic sum of: 
(i) 
the product of 
(A) 
the applicable Discount Factor; and

--- Page 227 ---
227 
(B) 
the expected future principal and future interest payments to be received by the 
Guarantor under or in respect of the Cover Pool for Statutory Tests; plus 
(ii) the product of 
(a) 
the applicable Discount Factor; and 
(b) 
the expected payments to be made or received by the Guarantor under or in respect of 
the Swap Agreements complying with the Covered Bond Regulations; minus 
(iii) the product of  
(1) 
the applicable Discount Factor; and 
(2) 
any amount expected to be paid by the Guarantor in priority to the Swap Agreements 
complying with the Covered Bond Regulations in accordance with the relevant Priorities 
of Payments (including the Expected Maintenance and Administration Cost); plus 
(iv) any principal payment actually received by the Guarantor in respect of the Cover Pool for the 
Statutory Test and not yet applied under the relevant Priority of Payments;  
"Net Present Value of the Euro Equivalent amount of the Covered Bonds" is, on each Test 
Calculation Date or Monthly Test Calculation Date, as the case may be, an amount equal to the 
product of (i) the applicable Discount Factor and (ii) the expected principal and interest payments due 
in respect of the outstanding Series of the Covered Bonds issued under the Programme and not 
cancelled or redeemed in full in accordance with the Conditions and the relevant Final Terms at the 
relevant Test Calculation Date or Monthly Test Calculation Date, as the case may be. 
“Discount Factor” means the discount rate, implied in the relevant Swap Curve, calculated by the 
Test Calculation Agent on each Test Calculation Date and/or Monthly Test Calculation Date and/or on 
each other day on which the relevant Tests are to be carried out pursuant to the Cover Pool 
Administration Agreement and the other Programme Documents, as the case may be. 
“Swap Curve” means the term structure of interest rates used by the Test Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the best market practice and calculation based on market instruments. 
Interest Coverage Test 
The Net Interest Collection of the Cover Pool for Statutory Tests (until the latest Maturity Date of the 
outstanding Covered Bonds) shall be higher than or equal to the amount of interest due on all Series 
of Covered Bonds issued under the Programme and not cancelled or redeemed in full in accordance 
with their Final Terms at the relevant Test Calculation Date or Monthly Test Calculation Date, as the 
case may be (the “Interest Coverage Test”), where : 
“Net Interest Collections from the Cover Pool for Statutory Tests” means, on each Test 
Calculation Date and/or Monthly Test Calculation Date, an amount equal to the positive difference 
between: 
(i) 
the sum of 
(a) 
interest payments received, or expected to be received, by the Guarantor under or in 
respect of the Cover Pool for Statutory Tests in each and all respective Calculation 
Periods (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any amount of interest to be realised 
from the investment into Eligible Investments of principal collections arising from the 
expected amortisation of the Cover Pool for Statutory Tests in each and all respective 
Calculation Periods) and any amount of interest accrued on the Collection Account, the

--- Page 228 ---
228 
Reserve Account, the Guarantor Payments Account, the Securities Account (if any), 
the Liquidity Buffer Account (if any) and the Liquidity Buffer Securities Account (if 
any) and any additional cash flows expected to be deposited in the Collection Account, 
the Reserve Account, the Guarantor Payments Account, the Securities Account (if any) 
and the Liquidity Buffer Account (if any) in each and all respective Calculation 
Periods; 
(b) 
any amount to be received by the Guarantor as payments under the Swap Agreements 
complying with the Covered Bond Regulations prior to or on each and all respective 
Guarantor Payment Dates; and  
(c) 
any other amount to be received by the Guarantor as payments under the Swap 
Agreements complying with the Covered Bond Regulations;  
(ii) 
the payments (in relation to the interest component only) to be effected in accordance with the 
relevant Priority of Payments, by the Guarantor in priority to any amount to be paid on the 
Covered Bonds, and including payments under the Swap Agreements complying with the 
Covered Bond Regulations on each and all respective Guarantor Payment Dates. 
Asset Coverage Test 
In addition to the Statutory Tests, starting from the Initial Issue Date and until the earlier of: 
(a) 
the date on which all Series of Covered Bonds issued in the context of the Programme have 
been cancelled or redeemed in full in accordance with the Conditions; and 
(b) 
the date on which a Notice to Pay is served on the Guarantor, 
the Test Calculation Agent shall verify on each Test Calculation Date and, to the extent that on any 
such Test Calculation Date the Asset Coverage Test was breached, on any following Monthly Test 
Calculation Date until the end of the relevant Test Grace Period, as the case may be, that the Adjusted 
Aggregate Loan Amount (as defined below) is at least equal to the Euro Equivalent amount of the 
aggregate Outstanding Principal Balance of the Covered Bonds (the “Asset Coverage Test”). 
For the purpose of Article 2.6 (Asset Coverage Test) of the Cover Pool Administration Agreement, the 
“Adjusted Aggregate Loan Amount” means an amount calculated in accordance with the following 
formula: 
J+K+L-M-N-O 
where 
“J” is equal to the lower of (i) and (ii), 
where: 
(i) 
is the aggregate of the “LTV Adjusted Principal Balance” of each Mortgage Loan in the 
Cover Pool for Statutory Tests as at any given date, calculated as the lower of:  
(1) 
the actual Outstanding Principal of the relevant Mortgage Loan in the Cover Pool for 
Statutory Tests as at the last day of the immediately preceding Collection Period; and 
(2) 
the Latest Valuation relating to that Mortgage Loan as at such date multiplied by M 
(where M is equal to (a) 80 per cent for all Mortgage Loans that are up to 90 days In 
Arrears or not In Arrears, (b) 40 per cent for all Mortgage Loans that are more than 90 
days In Arrears but are not yet Defaulted Receivables and (c) zero for all Defaulted 
Receivables),

--- Page 229 ---
229 
minus 
the aggregate of the following deemed reductions to the aggregate LTV Adjusted Principal 
Balance of the Mortgage Loans in the Cover Pool for Statutory Tests if any of the following 
occurred during the immediately preceding Collection Period: 
(A) 
a Mortgage Loan or any security relating thereto was, during the immediately preceding 
Calculation Period, in breach of the representations and warranties contained in the 
Warranty and Indemnity Agreement and the Seller has not indemnified the Guarantor or 
otherwise cured such breach, to the extent required by the terms of the Warranty and 
Indemnity Agreement (any such Mortgage Loan an “Affected Loan”). In this event, the 
aggregate LTV Adjusted Principal Balance of the Mortgage Loans in the Cover Pool for 
Statutory Tests (as calculated on the last day of the immediately preceding Calculation 
Period) will be deemed to be reduced by an amount equal to the LTV Adjusted Principal 
Balance of the relevant Affected Loans (as calculated on the last day of the immediately 
preceding Calculation Period); and/or 
(B) 
the Seller, in any preceding Calculation Period, was in breach of any other material 
representation and warranty under the Master Transfer Agreement and/or the Servicer 
was, in any preceding Calculation Period, in breach of a material term of the Servicing 
Agreement. In this event, the aggregate LTV Adjusted Principal Balance of the Mortgage 
Loans in the Cover Pool for Statutory Tests (as calculated on the last day of the 
immediately preceding Calculation Period) will be deemed to be reduced by an amount 
equal to the resulting financial loss incurred by the Guarantor in the immediately 
preceding Calculation Period in respect of such Mortgage Loan (such financial loss to be 
calculated by the Test Calculation Agent without double counting with the reduction 
under (A) above and to be set off against any amount paid (in cash or in kind) to the 
Guarantor by the Seller and/or the Servicer to indemnify the Guarantor for such financial 
loss) (any such loss a “Breach Related Loss”); 
AND 
(ii)  
is the aggregate “Asset Percentage Adjusted Principal Balance” of the Mortgage Loans in the 
Cover Pool for Statutory Tests as at any given date which in relation to each Mortgage Loan 
shall be calculated as the lower of (1) the actual Outstanding Principal of the relevant Mortgage 
Loan as calculated on the last day of the immediately preceding Collection Period, and (2) the 
Latest Valuation relating to that Mortgage Loan as at such date multiplied by N (where N is 
equal to (a) 100 per cent. for all Mortgage Loans that are up to 90 days In Arrears or not In 
Arrears, (b) 40 per cent for Mortgage Loans that are more than 90 days In Arrears but are not 
yet Defaulted Receivables and (c) zero for all Defaulted Receivables), 
minus 
the aggregate sum of (1) the Asset Percentage Adjusted Principal Balance of any Affected 
Loan(s), calculated as described in item (i)(A) above and/or (2) any Breach Related Losses, 
calculated as described in item (i)(B) above, the result of which multiplied by the Asset 
Percentage.  
It being understood that in the event the Issuer chooses not to apply such other percentage 
figure of the Asset Percentage lower than 88 per cent (as defined under item (b) of the relevant 
definition), this will not result in a breach of the Asset Coverage Test.

--- Page 230 ---
230 
For the purpose of the computation of the item A above, the Outstanding Principal of the 
Mortgage Loans shall include the Outstanding Principal with reference to the relevant Valuation 
Date of any New Portfolio sold after the last day of the Collection Period and prior to the 
relevant Test Calculation Date (or Monthly Test Calculation Date, as the case may be), to the 
extent that (i) the calculation are made during a Test Grace Period or (ii) a Series of Covered 
Bonds has been issued or is to be issued during the same period of time and all the steps 
required under the Master Transfer Agreement for the purposes of the purchase of the New 
Portfolio by the Guarantor having been taken and the relevant notice of assignment having been 
published in the Official Gazette and registered in the companies' register before the relevant 
Issue Date. 
“K” is equal to the aggregate amount of all sums standing to the credit of the Collection Account, the 
Reserve Account, the Guarantor Payments Account, the Securities Account (if any), the Liquidity 
Buffer Account (if any) and the Liquidity Buffer Securities Account (if any) as at the end of the 
immediately preceding Calculation Period which have not been applied in accordance with the 
relevant Priority of Payments up to the Exposure Limit, as applicable, as at such date; 
“L” is equal to the aggregate Outstanding Principal Balance of any Integration Assets, Eligible 
Investments and/or Liquid Assets (taking into account any Integration Assets and/or Liquid Assets in 
excess of the Exposure Limit pursuant to the Master Transfer Agreement for the purpose of 
complying with the Asset Coverage Test) as the end of the immediately preceding Calculation Period 
(without duplication with the amounts standing to the credit of the Accounts under “K” above); 
"M" is equal to the Potential Set-Off Amount. 
“N” is equal to the aggregate amount of the principal instalment of each Mortgage Loan which have 
been deferred in accordance with a Payment Holiday, as long as the relevant Mortgage Loan has a 
Payment Holiday, meaning that (a) during the Payment Holiday for each Mortgage Loan is equal to a 
fixed amount calculated as the sum of the principal component of each deferred instalment and that 
(b) after the end of the Payment Holiday the amount is equal to zero; 
“O” means the amount resulting from the product of (i) the weighted average remaining maturity of 
all Covered Bonds then outstanding expressed in days and divided by 365, (ii) the Euro Equivalent 
amount of the aggregate Outstanding Principal Balance of the Covered Bonds, and (iii) the Negative 
Carry Factor. 
“Asset Percentage” means, on any Test Calculation Date and/or Monthly Test Calculation Date 
and/or on any other date on which the Asset Coverage Test is to be performed under the Cover Pool 
Administration Agreement or under other Programme Documents, as the case may be, the lower of 
(a) 88 per cent. and (b) such lower percentage figure determined by the Issuer on behalf of the 
Guarantor (after procuring the level of overcollateralization in line with the target rating) and notified 
using the pro-forma notice attached under Schedule 1 of the Cover Pool Administration Agreement 
to the Guarantor, the Guarantor Calculation Agent, the Servicer, the Rating Agency and the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders. 
"Payment Holiday" means in respect of a Mortgage Loan, the period of deferral of the payment of 
(a) its interest and principal instalments or (b) its principal instalments in accordance with (i) the 
application of moratoria provisions from time to time granted to Debtors by any laws, agreements 
between Italian banking associations and national consumer associations, the Bank of Italy or other 
regulatory bodies regulations, or (ii) the agreement reached by the Servicer and the Debtors. 
Amortisation Test

--- Page 231 ---
231 
The Amortisation Test is intended to ensure that, following an Issuer Event of Default, the service of 
a Notice to Pay on the Issuer and on the Guarantor (but prior to service on the Guarantor of an 
Acceleration Notice), the Cover Pool contains sufficient assets to enable the Guarantor to meet its 
obligations under the Covered Bond Guarantee. The Amortisation Test will be considered met if, on 
the relevant Test Calculation Date (or on each Monthly Test Calculation Date, as applicable), the 
Amortisation Test Aggregate Loan Amount is an amount at least equal to the Euro Equivalent of the 
Outstanding Principal Amount of the issued Covered Bonds. If the Amortisation Test Aggregate 
Loan Amount is less than the Outstanding Principal Amount of the issued Covered Bonds, then the 
Amortisation Test will be deemed to be breached and if such breach is not remedied by the Seller 
(or failing which, the Issuer) in accordance with Clause 4.3 (Grace Period and Remedy of Tests) of 
the Cover Pool Administration Agreement during the applicable Test Grace Period, an Acceleration 
Notice will be served by the Representative of the Covered Bondholders on the Guarantor causing 
the acceleration of the Covered Bonds and a demand for enforcement of the Covered Bond 
Guarantee. The Test Calculation Agent, whilst Covered Bonds are outstanding, will immediately 
notify the Representative of the Covered Bondholders of any breach of the Amortisation Test. 
Following an Acceleration Notice, the Guarantor will be required to make payments in accordance 
with the Post-Guarantor Event of Default Priority of Payments. 
The "Amortisation Test Aggregate Loan Amount" will be calculated on each Test Calculation 
Date and/or Monthly Test Calculation Date, by applying the following formula: 
A+B+C-Z 
where, 
"A" stands for the "Adjusted Outstanding Principal Balance" of each Mortgage Loan in the Cover 
Pool as at the relevant Test Calculation Date, defined as the lower of: 
(i) 
the actual Outstanding Principal of each Mortgage Loan as calculated on the last day of the 
immediately preceding Collection Period multiplied by M; and  
(ii) 
the Latest Valuation relating to that Mortgage Loan multiplied by M, 
where M is equal to (a) 100 per cent., for all Mortgage Loans that are up to 90 days In Arrears or not 
In Arrears, (b) 85 per cent. for all Mortgage Loans that are more than 90 days In Arrears but are not 
yet Defaulted Receivables and (c) 70 per cent. for all Defaulted Receivables (including unsecured 
receivables, in case a default pursuant to article 178 of the CRR occurs, as provided by article 7-
undecies, paragraph 2, letter a) of Law 130, 
minus 
the aggregate sum of the following deemed reductions to the aggregate Outstanding Principal of the 
Mortgage Loans in the Cover Pool if any of the following occurred during the immediately preceding 
Collection Period: 
(I) 
a Mortgage Loan was, in the immediately preceding Collection Period, an Affected Loan. In 
this event, the aggregate Outstanding Principal of the Mortgage Loans in the Cover Pool (as 
calculated on the last day of the immediately preceding Calculation Period) will be deemed to 
be reduced by an amount equal to the Outstanding Principal of the relevant Affected Loans (as 
calculated on the last day of the immediately preceding Calculation Period) multiplied by M 
(where M is equal to (a) 100 per cent., for all Mortgage Loans that are up to 90 days In Arrears 
or not In Arrears, (b) 85 per cent. for all Mortgage Loans that are more than 90 days In Arrears 
but are not yet Defaulted Receivables and (c) 70 per cent. for all Defaulted Receivables; and/or

--- Page 232 ---
232 
(II) 
the Seller, in any preceding Calculation Period, was in breach of any other material 
representation and warranty under the Master Transfer Agreement and/or the Servicer was, in 
any preceding Calculation Period, in breach of a material term of the Servicing Agreement. In 
this event, the aggregate Outstanding Principal of the Mortgage Loans in the Cover Pool (as 
calculated on the last day of the immediately preceding Calculation Period) will be deemed to 
be reduced, by an amount equal to the resulting financial loss incurred by the Guarantor in the 
immediately preceding Calculation Period in respect of such Mortgage Loan (such financial 
loss to be calculated by the Test Calculation Agent without double counting with the reduction 
under (I) above and to be set off against any amount paid (in cash or in kind) to the Guarantor 
by the Seller and/or the Servicer to indemnify the Guarantor for such financial loss); 
"B" stands for the aggregate of principal amount standing to the credit of the Collection Account, the 
Reserve Account, Guarantor Payments Account, the Securities Account (if any), the Liquidity Buffer 
Account (if any) and the Liquidity Buffer Securities Account (if any) and the principal amount of any 
Eligible Investment, Integration Assets or Liquid Assets at the end of the preceding Collection Period 
up to the Exposure Limit as applicable; 
"C" stands for the aggregate amount of all principal amounts collected by the Servicer in respect of 
the Cover Pool up to the end of the immediately preceding Collection Period which have not been 
provisioned as at the relevant Test Calculation Date to acquire further New Portfolio and/or 
Integration Assets and/or Liquid Assets or otherwise provisioned in accordance with the Programme 
Documents; and  
"Z" stands for the weighted average remaining maturity of all Covered Bonds (expressed in years) 
then outstanding multiplied by the aggregate Outstanding Principal Amount of the Covered Bonds 
multiplied by the Negative Carry Factor. 
Reserve Account 
The Reserve Account is held in the name of the Guarantor for the purpose of setting aside, on each 
Guarantor Payment Date, the relevant Required Reserve Amount. Such Required Reserve Amount 
will be determined on each Guarantor Payment Date in an amount sufficient to ensure that, in the 
event that a payment is required to the Guarantor under the Covered Bond Guarantee, the Guarantor 
would have sufficient funds set aside and readily available to pay: 
(iii) 
(A) interest accruing in respect of all outstanding Series of Covered Bonds during the 
immediately following Guarantor Payment Period (such that, (a) if Swap Agreements are in 
place for a Series of Covered Bonds, such interest amounts accruing will be the higher of the 
net amount due to the Covered Bond Swap Counterparty or the amount due to the Covered 
Bondholders of such Series, (b) if Swap Agreements are not in place for a Series of Covered 
Bonds, such interest amounts accruing will be the amount due to the Covered Bondholders of 
such Series and (c) if Swap Agreements are in place for a portion of a Series of Covered 
Bonds, such interest amounts accruing will be the sum of (i) for the portion of the Series 
covered by the Swap Agreement, the higher of the amount due to the Covered Bond Swap 
Counterparty and the amount due to the Covered Bondholders of such Series, and (ii) for the 
remaining portion, the interest amounts accruing will be the proportional amount due to the 
Covered Bondholders of such Series in each case as calculated by the Guarantor Calculation 
Agent on or prior to each Guarantor Calculation Date, plus (B) prior to the service of a Notice 
to Pay, the aggregate amount to be paid by the Guarantor on the next two Guarantor Payment

--- Page 233 ---
233 
Dates following the relevant Guarantor Calculation Date in respect of the items (First) to 
(Third) (each inclusive) of the Pre- Issuer Event of Default Interest Priority of Payments; plus  
(iv) 
any additional amount that the Issuer has voluntarily resolved to accumulate as reserve in order 
to create an additional stock to procure that the Statutory Tests are met with respect to the 
Cover Pool. 
Liquidity Buffer Target Amount 
Pursuant to the Cover Pool Administration Agreement and in accordance with, and pursuant to, 
article 7-duodecies of Law 130 and the BoI Regulations, for so long as the Covered Bonds remain 
outstanding, the Issuer shall procure on a continuing basis and on each Test Calculation Date, that the 
amount of Liquid Assets standing to the credit of the Accounts is equal to or higher than the 
maximum cumulative Net Liquidity Outflow of the Programme over the next 180 days. In 
accordance with article 7-undecies, paragraph 2, letter c), of Law 130, the Liquid Assets standing to 
the credit of the Accounts shall be considered to contribute to the Cover Pool, provided that such 
liquid assets satisfy the requirements to qualify as eligible assets set forth in article 7-novies, 
paragraph 1, letter a), of Law 130. 
Pursuant to the Cover Pool Administration Agreement, the Test Calculation Agent shall verify that 
the Liquidity Buffer Target Amount is met on each Test Calculation Date (or Monthly Test 
Calculation Date, as the case may be). 
If, on any Test Calculation Date (or Monthly Calculation Date, as the case may be) the Liquidity 
Buffer Target Amount is not reached, upon notice of the Test Calculation Agent delivered in 
accordance with the Cover Pool Administration Agreement, the Issuer may: (i) sell Liquid Assets to 
the Guarantor in accordance with the Master Transfer Agreement and, to this extent, shall grant the 
funds necessary for payment of the purchase price of the assets to the Guarantor in accordance with 
the Subordinated Loan Agreement; and/or (ii) repurchase assets by exercising the call option 
provided for under the Master Transfer Agreement in accordance with, and subject to the terms, set 
out therein, and/or (iii) grant to the Guarantor funds under the Subordinated Loan Agreement, in an 
aggregate amount sufficient to ensure that the Liquidity Buffer Target Amount is reached as soon as 
practicable. 
If the breach of the Liquidity Buffer Target Amount is not remedied, the Issuer shall not issue further 
series of Covered Bonds compliant with Law 130 and the EU Directive on Covered Bonds. 
Exposure Limit 
Pursuant to the Cover Pool Administration Agreement, the Test Calculation Agent shall verify – on 
the basis of the information made available to it in accordance with the Programme Documents – 
that the Exposure Limit has been correctly computed calculated on each Test Calculation Date (or 
Monthly Test Calculation Date, as the case may be) and on any other date on which the verification 
of the Exposure Limit is required pursuant to the Transaction Documents. 
If, on any date until the occurrence of the Issuer Event of Default and if the Statutory Tests are not 
breached, the Exposure Limit is not correctly calculated, the Test Calculation Agent will give notice 
to the Issuer, the Seller, the Guarantor, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders and the Asset 
Monitor of such miscalculation (sending a new Test Performance Report with such amount correctly 
computedcalculated). In addition, the Issuer may: (i) in its capacity as Seller, sell sufficient Eligible 
Assets, Integration Assets or Liquid Assets to the Guarantor in accordance with the Master Transfer 
Agreement; and/or (ii) in its capacity as Subordinated Loan Provider, request the Guarantor to

--- Page 234 ---
234 
reimburse the Subordinated Loan in accordance with the Subordinated Loan Agreement; and/or (iii) 
in its capacity as Cash Manager invest part of the Liquid Assets and/or Integration Assets in excess 
of the Exposure Limit in form of securities eligible under Article 129, paragraph 1, letters (a) and 
(b) of the CRR, in an aggregate amount sufficient to ensure that the Exposure Limit subject to the 
terms and conditions set out under the Cover Pool Administration Agreement. 
After the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default and if the Amortisation Test is not breached, if 
the Exposure Limit is not complied with, the Test Calculation Agent shall give notice to the Issuer 
and the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, acting upon instructions of the Covered 
Bondholders and on the basis of the Test Performance Report, shall give instructions to the Cash 
Manager to invest all or part of the amounts standing on the Reserve Account in Liquid Assets or 
Integration Assets in form of securities eligible under Article 129 paragraph 1, (a) and (b) of CRR. 
Minimum OC Requirement 
Pursuant to the Cover Pool Administration Agreement, (i) prior to occurrence of an Issuer Event of 
Default and service of a Notice to Pay on the Issuer and the Guarantor, the Test Calculation Agent 
will verify the Minimum OC Requirement as part of the Nominal Value Test on each Test 
Calculation Date (or Monthly Calculation Date, as the case may be) and (ii) following the occurrence 
of an Issuer Event of Default and service of a Notice to Pay on the Issuer and the Guarantor (but prior 
to the service on the Guarantor of an Acceleration Notice), the Test Calculation Agent shall verify (in 
addition to the Amortisation Test being met) that the Minimum OC Requirement is met on each Test 
Calculation Date (or Monthly Calculation Date, as the case may be). 
If the Minimum OC Requirement is not reached in accordance with the provisions of the Cover Pool 
Administration Agreement, then the Guarantor, acting upon instructions of the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders (who shall act upon instructions of the Covered Bondholders in accordance 
with the Rules of the Organisation of the Covered Bondholders), shall (i) give instructions to the 
Cash Manager to invest all or part of the amounts standing to the Reserve Account in Eligible Assets, 
Integration Assets and/or Liquid Assets in form of securities eligible under Article 129 paragraph 1, 
(a) and (b), of the CRR and/or; (ii) instruct the Portfolio Manager to sell a sufficient amount of non 
eligible assets necessary to reach the Minimum OC Requirement.

--- Page 235 ---
235 
 
CASHFLOWS 
As described above under "Credit Structure", until a Notice to Pay is served on the Issuer and the 
Guarantor, the Covered Bonds will be obligations of the Issuer only. The Issuer is liable to make 
payments when due on the Covered Bonds, whether or not it has received any corresponding 
payment from the Guarantor. 
This section summarises the cashflows of the Guarantor only, as to the allocation and distribution of 
amounts standing to the credit of the Accounts and their order of priority (all such orders of priority, 
the "Priority of Payments") (a) prior to an Issuer Event of Default and a Guarantor Event of Default, 
(b) following an Issuer Event of Default (but prior to a Guarantor Event of Default) and (c) following a 
Guarantor Event of Default. 
Definitions 
For the purposes hereof: 
"Interest Available Funds" means, on each Guarantor Payment Date, the aggregate of: 
(a) 
any interest collected by the Servicer in respect of the Cover Pool and credited into the 
Collection Account during the Collection Period preceding the relevant Guarantor Payment 
Date;  
(b) 
all interest deriving from the Eligible Investments made with reference to the immediately 
preceding Collection Period; 
(c) 
all recoveries in the nature of interest and penalties received by the Servicer and credited to the 
Collection Account during the Collection Period preceding the relevant Guarantor Payment 
Date;  
(d) 
all amounts of interest accrued (net of any withholding or expenses, if due) and paid on the 
Accounts during the Collection Period preceding the relevant Guarantor Payment Date;  
(e) 
any amounts other than in respect of principal received under the Swap Agreements (other than 
any Swap Collateral); 
(f) 
any swap termination payments received from a Covered Bond Swap Counterparty under a 
Swap Agreement, provided that, prior to the occurrence of a Guarantor Event of Default, such 
amounts will first be used to pay a Replacement Covered Bond Swap Counterparty to enter 
into a Replacement Swap Agreement, unless a Replacement Swap Agreement has already 
been entered into by or on behalf of the Guarantor;  
(g) 
prior to the service of a Notice to Pay on the Guarantor amounts standing to the credit of the 
Reserve Account in excess of the Required Reserve Amount and following the service of a 
Notice to Pay on the Guarantor, any amounts standing to the credit of the Reserve Account; 
(h) 
any amounts (other than the amounts already allocated under other items of the Interest 
Available Funds or Principal Available Funds) received by the Guarantor from any party to the 
Programme Documents during the immediately preceding Collection Period; 
(i) 
the interest amount recovered by the Guarantor from the Issuer after the enforcement of the 
Covered Bond Guarantee during the immediately preceding Collection Period. 
"Principal Available Funds" means in respect of any Guarantor Payment Date, the aggregate of, 
without duplication:

--- Page 236 ---
236 
(a) all principal amounts collected by the Servicer in respect of the Cover Pool and credited to the 
Collection Account during the Collection Period preceding the relevant Guarantor Payment 
Date;  
(b) all other recoveries in the nature of principal collected by the Servicer and credited to the 
Collection Account during the Collection Period preceding the relevant Guarantor Payment 
Date;  
(c) all proceeds deriving from the sale, if any, of the Eligible Assets, Integration Assets or Liquid 
Assets during the Collection Period preceding the relevant Guarantor Payment Date; 
(d) without duplication with other items of this definition, all principal proceeds deriving from the 
liquidation of Eligible Investments during the Collection Period preceding the relevant 
Guarantor Payment Date; 
(e) any other principal amounts standing to the credit of the Accounts as of the immediately 
preceding Collection Date; 
(f) all amounts in respect of principal (if any) received under any Swap Agreement (other than the 
Swap Collateral);  
(g) any amounts to be transferred pursuant to item (vi) of the Pre-Issuer Event of Default Interest 
Priority of Payments; 
(h) any amounts (other than the amounts already allocated under other items of the Interest 
Available Funds or the Principal Available Funds) received by the Guarantor from any party to 
the Programme Documents during the immediately preceding Collection Period; 
(i) principal amount recovered by the Guarantor from the Issuer after the enforcement of the 
Covered Bond Guarantee during the immediately preceding Collection Period; 
(j) any amount paid under the Subordinated Loan and not repaid, standing to the credit of the 
Collection Accounts; 
(k) 
following an Notice to Pay, and before an Acceleration Notice, all principal amounts standing 
to the credit of the Liquidity Buffer Account as at the relevant Guarantor Calculation Date. 
Pre-Issuer Event of Default Interest Priority of Payments 
On each Guarantor Payment Date, prior to the service of a Notice to Pay on the Issuer and the 
Guarantor, the Guarantor will use the Interest Available Funds to make payments or to make 
provisions (the "Pre-Issuer Event of Default Interest Priority of Payments") towards payments 
due before the following Guarantor Payment Date in the order of priority set out below (in each case 
only if and to the extent that payments or provisions of a higher priority have been made in full): 
(i) 
First, to pay pari passu and pro rata according to the respective amounts thereof any and all 
taxes due and payable by the Guarantor, to the extent that such sums are not met by utilising 
the amounts standing to the credit of the Expense Account; 
(ii) 
Second, to pay, pari passu and pro rata according to the respective amounts thereof any 
Guarantor's documented fees, costs, expenses, in order to preserve its corporate existence, to 
maintain it in good standing and to comply with applicable legislation (the “Expenses”), to 
the extent that such costs and expenses are not met by utilising the amount standing to the 
credit of the Expense Account and to credit the amount necessary to replenish the Expense 
Account up to the Expense Required Amount;

--- Page 237 ---
237 
(iii) 
Third, to pay, in the following order any amount due and payable (including, but not limited 
to, fees, costs and expenses): 
(A) 
the Representative of the Covered Bondholders; 
(B) 
pari passu and pro rata according to the respective amounts thereof, the Guarantor 
Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents, the Cash Manager, the Account Bank, the 
Portfolio Manager (if any), the Servicer, the Corporate Servicer, the Stichting 
Corporate Services Provider, the Back-Up Servicer Facilitator, the Test Calculation 
Agent and the Asset Monitor; 
(iv) 
Fourth, to pay interest amounts due and payable to the Covered Bond Swap Counterparty (if 
any), pro rata and pari passu in respect of each relevant Swap Agreement (including any 
termination payment due and payable by the Guarantor except the Excluded Swap 
Termination Amount); 
(v) 
Fifth, to credit to the Reserve Account an amount required to ensure that the Reserve Account 
is funded up to the Required Reserve Amount, as calculated on the immediately preceding 
Guarantor Calculation Date; 
(vi) 
Sixth, to allocate to the credit of the Principal Available Funds an amount equal to the 
amounts paid under item (i) of the Pre-Issuer Event of Default Principal Priority of Payments 
in the preceding Guarantor Payment Dates and not yet repaid under this item; 
(vii) 
Seventh, to pay pari passu and pro rata any Base Interest due and payable on each Guarantor 
Payment Date to the Seller pursuant to the terms of the Subordinated Loan Agreement ; 
(viii) 
Eighth, upon the occurrence of a Servicer Termination Event, to credit all remaining Interest 
Available Funds to the Collection Account until such Servicer Termination Event is either 
remedied or waived by the Representative of the Covered Bondholders or a new servicer is 
appointed;  
(ix) 
Ninth, to pay pro rata and pari passu in accordance with the respective amounts thereof any 
Excluded Swap Termination Amount; and  
(x) 
Tenth, to pay any Premium Interest on the Subordinated Loan, provided that no breach of 
Tests has occurred and is continuing. 
For the avoidance of doubt any Swap Collateral Excluded Amounts will be paid to the Covered 
Bond Swap Counterparty pursuant to the terms of the relevant Swap Agreement directly and not 
under the Priority of Payments. 
Pre-Issuer Event of Default Principal Priority of Payments 
On each Guarantor Payment Date, prior to the service of a Notice to Pay on the Issuer and the 
Guarantor, the Guarantor will use the Principal Available Funds to make payments or to make 
provisions (the "Pre-Issuer Event of Default Principal Priority of Payments") towards payments 
due before the following Guarantor Payment Date in the order of priority set out below (in each case 
only if and to the extent that payments of provisions of a higher priority have been made in full): 
(i) First, to pay any amount due and payable under items (i) to (v) of the Pre-Issuer Event of 
Default Interest Priority of Payments, to the extent that the Interest Available Funds are not 
sufficient, on such Guarantor Payment Date, to make such payments in full;

--- Page 238 ---
238 
(ii) Second, to pay or make provision for payment of, pro rata and pari passu, the purchase price 
for the acquisition of the Subsequent Receivables of Eligible Assets, Integration Assets and/or 
Liquid Assets (other than those funded through the proceeds of the Subordinated Loan); 
(iii) Third, to pay, pro rata and pari passu: 
(a) 
any principal amounts due or to become due and payable to the relevant Covered Bond 
Counterparties pro rata and pari passu in respect of each relevant Swap Agreement 
(including any termination payment due and payable by the Guarantor except the 
Excluded Swap Termination Amount) in accordance with the terms of the relevant Swap 
Agreement; and  
(b) 
the amounts (in respect of principal) due or to become due and payable under the 
Subordinated Loan provided that in any case the Asset Coverage Test and the Statutory 
Tests and the Liquidity Buffer Target Amount are still satisfied after such payment and 
where applicable, provided that no amounts shall be applied to make a payment in 
respect of the Subordinated Loan if the principal amounts outstanding under the relevant 
Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds which have fallen due for payment on such 
Guarantor Payment Date have not been repaid in full by the Issuer; 
(c) 
to the extent that the Subordinated Loan Provider has not received amounts as repayment 
of the Subordinated Loan under item Third above, to deposit the relevant amounts in the 
Collection Account or the Liquidity Buffer Account, as the case may be. 
For the avoidance of doubt any Swap Collateral Excluded Amounts will be paid to the Covered Bond 
Swap Counterparty pursuant to the terms of the relevant Swap Agreement directly and not under the 
Priority of Payments. 
Post-Issuer Event of Default Priority of Payments 
On each Guarantor Payment Date, following an Issuer Event of Default and the service of a Notice 
to Pay on the Issuer and the Guarantor, but prior to the occurrence of a Guarantor Event of Default, 
the Guarantor will use the Available Funds to make payments or to make provisions (the “Post-
Issuer Event of Default Priority of Payments”) towards payments due before the following 
Guarantor Payment Date in the order of priority set out below (in each case only if and to the extent 
that payments or provisions of a higher priority have been made in full): 
(i) 
First, to pay, pari passu and pro rata according to the respective amounts thereof, any 
Expenses and taxes, in order to preserve its corporate existence, to maintain it in good 
standing and to comply with applicable legislation and to credit the amount necessary to 
replenish the Expense Account up to the Expense Required Amount; 
(ii) Second, to pay, in the following order any amount due and payable to: 
(A) 
the Representative of the Covered Bondholders; 
(B) 
pari passu and pro rata according to the respective amounts thereof, the Guarantor 
Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents, the Cash Manager, the Account Bank, the 
Portfolio Manager (if any), the Servicer, the Corporate Servicer, the Stichting 
Corporate Services Provider, the Back-Up Servicer Facilitator, the Test Calculation 
Agent and the Asset Monitor; 
(iii) Third, to pay pro rata and pari passu:

--- Page 239 ---
239 
a) interest payments due to the Covered Bond Swap Counterparty (including any termination 
payment due and payable by the Guarantor but excluding any Excluded Swap 
Termination Amount);  
b) any interest amount due and payable on each Series of Covered Bonds; 
(iv) Fourth, to pay pro rata and pari passu: a) principal payments due to the Covered Bond Swap 
Counterparty (including any termination payment due and payable by the Guarantor but 
excluding any Excluded Swap Termination Amount); and b) any amount due and payable as 
principal on the Covered Bonds; 
(v) Fifth, to credit the Liquidity Buffer Account (if any) with an amount equal to the difference 
between (i) the Liquidity Buffer Target Amount and (ii) the aggregate of the amounts standing 
to the credit of the Liquidity Buffer Account and the nominal value of Liquid Assets which 
have not matured on or prior to such Guarantor Payment Date; 
(vi) Sixth, to deposit on the Reserve Account any residual amount until all Covered Bonds are 
fully repaid or until an amount equal to the Redemption Amount for each Series of Covered 
Bonds outstanding has been accumulated; 
(vii) Seventh, after each Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds has been fully repaid or repayment in 
full of the Covered Bonds has been provided for (such that the Required Reserve Amount has 
been accumulated into the Reserve Account in respect of each outstanding Series or Tranche 
of Covered Bonds) to pay pro rata and pari passu, any Excluded Swap Termination Amount 
due and payable by the Guarantor; 
(viii) Eight, to pay to the Seller any amount due and payable under the Programme Documents, to 
the extent not already paid or payable under other items above; and 
(ix) Ninth, after the Covered Bonds have been fully repaid or repayment in full of the Covered 
Bonds has been provided for (such that the Required Reserve Amount has been accumulated 
into the Reserve Account in respect of each outstanding Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds) 
any remaining moneys will be applied in and towards repayment in full of amounts 
outstanding under the Subordinated Loan Agreement. 
Post-Guarantor Event of Default Priority of Payments 
On each Guarantor Payment Date, following a Guarantor Event of Default and the service of an 
Acceleration Notice, the Available Funds will be used to make payments in the order of priority set 
out below (the “Post-Guarantor Event of Default Priority of Payments”) (in each case only if and 
to the extent that payments or provisions of a higher priority have been made in full): 
(i) 
First, to pay, pari passu and pro rata according to the respective amounts thereof, any 
Expenses and taxes and to credit the amount necessary to replenish the Expense Account up to 
the Expense Required Amount; 
(ii) 
Second, to pay, in the following order any amount due and payable: 
(A) 
the Representative of the Covered Bondholders; 
(B) 
pari passu and pro rata according to the respective amounts thereof, the Guarantor 
Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents, the Cash Manager, the Account Bank, the 
Portfolio Manager (if any), the Servicer, the Corporate Servicer, the Stichting Corporate 
Services Provider, the Back-Up Servicer Facilitator, the Test Calculation Agent and the 
Asset Monitor;

--- Page 240 ---
240 
(iii) 
Third, to pay pro rata and pari passu: 
a) 
principal and interests due to the Covered Bond Swap Counterparty (including any 
termination payment due and payable by the Guarantor but excluding any Excluded 
Swap Termination Amount); and 
b) 
any principal and interest amount due and payable on each Series of Covered Bonds; 
(iv) 
Fourth, to pay pro rata and pari passu, any Excluded Swap Termination Amount due and 
payable by the Guarantor; 
(v) 
Fifth, to pay to the Seller any amount due and payable under the Programme Documents, to the 
extent not already paid or payable under other items above; 
(vi) 
Sixth, to pay any remaining moneys towards repayment of amounts outstanding under the 
Subordinated Loan Agreement.

--- Page 241 ---
241 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE COVER POOL 
The Cover Pool is comprised of (i) the Portfolio, which is in turn comprised of Mortgage Loans and 
related collateral and (ii) any other Eligible Assets, Integration Assets and Liquid Assets held by the 
Guarantor assigned to the Guarantor by the Seller from time to time in accordance with the terms of 
the Master Transfer Agreement and the provisions of and the provisions of the Covered Bond 
Regulations. 
The Initial Portfolio and each New Portfolio acquired by the Guarantor (the "Portfolio"), consists of 
Mortgage Loans sold by any the Seller to the Guarantor from time to time, in accordance with the 
terms of the Master Transfer Agreement and the provisions of the Covered Bond Regulations, as 
more fully described under "Overview of the Programme Documents — Master Transfer Agreement". 
For the purposes hereof: 
"Initial Portfolio" means the initial portfolio of Receivables, comprising Eligible Assets, purchased 
by the Guarantor from the Seller pursuant to the Master Transfer Agreement; 
"New Portfolio" means any portfolio of Receivables (other than the Initial Portfolio), comprising 
Eligible Assets, Integration Assets and/or Liquid Assets which may be purchased by the Guarantor 
from any Seller pursuant to the terms and subject to the conditions of the Master Transfer Agreement. 
"Covered Bond Regulations" means Law 130, the MEF Decree (until the Implementation Date), the 
BoI Regulations and Article 129 of CRR and any other applicable provision of CRR, as amended 
from time to time; 
Eligibility Criteria 
The sale of Loans and their Related Security and the transfer of any other Eligible Asset, Integration 
Asset or Liquid Assets to the Guarantor will be subject to various conditions (the "Eligibility 
Criteria") being satisfied on the relevant Transfer Date (except as otherwise indicated). The 
Eligibility Criteria with respect to each asset type will vary from time to time but will at all times 
include criteria so that Italian law requirements are met. 
Mortgage Loans are considered eligible assets (attivi idonei or "Eligible Assets"). 
“Mortgage Loan" means (i) any residential mortgage loan which has an LTV that does not exceed 
80 per cent. and for which the hardening period with respect to the perfection of the relevant 
mortgage has elapsed, pursuant to article 2, sub-paragraph 1, of MEF Decree; and  (ii) from the 
Implementation Date, any residential mortgage loan that meet the requirements of Article 129, 
paragraph 1, let. (d) of the CRR and Article 7-novies of Law 130. 
Eligibility Criteria for Mortgage Loans 
Under the Master Transfer Agreement, the Seller and the Guarantor have agreed the following 
common criteria (the “Common Criteria”) (see "Overview of the Programme Documents — Master 
Transfer Agreement" above) that will be applied in selecting the Mortgage Loans that will be 
transferred thereunder to the Guarantor: 
Receivables which as at the Valuation Date satisfy the following Common Criteria: 
i. 
residential mortgage receivables (i) up to the lesser of the principal amount of the liens that are 
combined with any prior liens and 80 % of the value of the pledged properties, in accordance 
with Article 129, paragraph 1, let. (d) of the CRR, or (ii) in case of a loan guaranteed by 
mortgage on more than one property, among which at least one is a residential property, in

--- Page 242 ---
242 
respect of which the relevant principal amount outstanding added to the principal amount 
outstanding of any higher ranking mortgage loans secured by the same property, does not 
exceed 80% of the value of the residential property; 
ii. 
receivables in relation to which the consolidation period applicable to the relevant mortgage 
has ended and the relevant mortgage is not subject to appeal pursuant to Article 67 of Royal 
Decree No. 267 of 16 March 1942 and, where applicable, Article 39, paragraph 4, of 
Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993; 
iii. 
receivables which have been drawn or purchased by BPAA; 
iv. 
receivables which are governed by Italian law; 
v. 
receivables which are performing; 
vi. 
receivables in relation to which no instalments outstanding for more than 30 days from the 
due payment date subsist; 
vii. 
receivables in respect of which the debtor has paid at least one instalment (also considering an 
interest instalment only); 
viii. 
which provide for all payments on behalf of the debtor to be made in Euro; 
ix. 
receivables which provide for the reimbursement of principal and the payment of interest 
through monthly, bimonthly, quarterly or semi-annual instalments; 
x. 
receivables which have been fully disbursed; 
xi. 
receivables which have been granted to an individual or more individuals jointly; 
xii. 
receivables which bear a floating interest rate (including a floating interest rate with a cap) or 
a fixed interest rate or a floating/fixed interest rate with a switch option from floating to fixed 
and vice versa; 
xiii. 
receivables secured by an economic first ranking mortgage which is (i) a legal first ranking 
mortgage, or (ii) (A) mortgage ranking subordinated to the legal first ranking mortgages, 
provided that all obligations secured by mortgage/mortgages with a prevailing ranking, had 
been fully satisfied; (b) mortgages ranking subordinated to the legal first ranking provided that 
all mortgages with prevailing ranking are registered in favour of the Seller as a security for 
claims that satisfy all the other Criteria related to the Seller; 
xiv. 
receivables in respect of which the outstanding principal as at the Valuation Date is lower than 
Euro 10,000,000; 
xv. 
which do not include any clauses limiting the possibility for Banca Popolare dell’Alto Adige 
to assign the receivables arising thereunder or providing the debtor’s consent for such 
assignment, Banca Popolare dell’Alto Adige has obtained such consent;

--- Page 243 ---
243 
 
DESCRIPTION OF CERTAIN RELEVANT LEGISLATION IN ITALY 
The following is a general description of the legislation that may be relevant to investors in 
assessing the Covered Bonds, including recent legislation affecting the rights of mortgage 
borrowers. It does not purport to be a complete analysis of the legislation described below or of the 
other considerations relating to the Covered Bonds arising from Italian laws and regulations. 
Furthermore, this summary is based on Italian Legislation as in effect on the date of this Base 
Prospectus, which may be subject to change, potentially with retroactive effect. This description 
will not be updated to reflect changes in laws. Accordingly, prospective Covered Bondholders 
should consult their own advisers as to the risks arising from Italian legislations that may affect 
any assessment by them of the Covered Bonds. 
The legal framework before 31 March 2023 
Italian Law 130 of 30 April 1999 was enacted on 30 April 1999 and was conceived to simplify the 
securitisation process and to facilitate the increased used of securitisation as a financing technique in 
the Republic of Italy. 
Law Decree No. 35 of 14 March 2005, converted by Law No. 80 of 14 May 2005, amended the 
Italian Law 130 of 30 April 1999 as applicable until the entry into force of BoI Regulations by 
adding two new articles, Articles 7-bis and 7-ter, which enable banks to issue covered bonds. 
Articles 7-bis and 7-ter in view of issuing covered bonds (obbligazioni bancarie garantite), 
however, required both the Italian Ministry of Economy and Finance and the Bank of Italy to issue 
specific regulations before the relevant structures could be implemented. 
The Law 130 was further amended by Law Decree no. 145 of 23 December 2013 as converted with 
amendments into Law n. 9 of 21 February 2014, by Law Decree no. 91 of 24 June 2014 as converted 
with amendments into Law No. 116 of 11 August 2014 and by Law Decree no. 34 of 30 April 2019, 
as converted with amendments into Law No. 58 of 28 June 2019. 
The Bank of Italy published new supervisory regulations on banks in December 2013 (Circolare of 
the Bank of Italy No. 285 of 17 December 2013) which came into force on 1 January 2014, 
implementing CRD IV Package and setting out additional local prudential rules concerning matters 
not harmonised on EU level. Following the publication on 25 June 2014 of the 5th update to Circular 
of the Bank of Italy No. 285 of 17 December 2013, which added a new Chapter 3 (“Obbligazioni 
bancarie garantite”) in Part III contained therein, the provisions set forth under Title V, Chapter 3 of 
Circolare No. 263 of 27 December 2006 have been abrogated. 
The BoI Regulations introduced provisions, among other things, regulating: 
i. 
the capital adequacy requirements that issuing banks must satisfy in order to issue covered 
bonds and the ability of issuing banks to manage risks; 
ii. 
limitations on the total value of eligible assets that banks, individually or as part of a group, 
may transfer as cover pools in the context of covered bond transactions; 
iii. 
criteria to be adopted in the integration of the assets constituting the cover pools; 
iv. 
the identification of the cases in which the integration is permitted and its limits; and 
monitoring and surveillance requirements applicable with respect to covered bond transactions and 
the provision of information relating to the transaction. 
The legal framework after 31 March 2023

--- Page 244 ---
244 
 
On 18 December 2019, the following provisions were published on the Official Journal of the 
European 
Union: 
i. 
Directive (EU) 2019/2162 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 November 
2019 on the issue of covered bonds and covered bond public supervision and amending 
Directives 2009/65/EC and 2014/59/EU (the “EU Covered Bond Directive”); and 
ii. 
Regulation (EU) 2019/2160 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 November 
2019 amending Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 as regards exposures in the form of covered 
bonds (the “EU Covered Bond Regulation”). 
The EU Covered Bond Regulation and the EU Covered Bond Directive amended certain provisions 
of the CRR on covered bonds and introduced standards on the issuance of covered bonds and covered 
bond public supervision. More in particular, the new EU Covered Bond Regulation makes certain 
amendments to the CRR to strengthen the quality of the covered bonds eligible for favorable capital 
treatment, and the new EU Covered Bond Directive aims to harmonize the regulation and treatment 
of covered bonds across EU Member States. 
Pursuant to the EU Covered Bond Directive, Member States had to implement the EU Covered Bond 
Directive by 8 July 2021 and the transposing provisions shall apply from 8 July 2022 at the latest. 
The EU Covered Bond Regulation shall apply from 8 July 2022. 
On 8 May 2021, the Law No. 53 of 22 April 2021 (the “European Delegated Law 2019-2020”) has 
entered into force. It delegates the Italian Government to implement – inter alia – the EU Covered 
Bond Directive. 
According to the European Delegated Law 2019-2020: 
i. 
the Bank of Italy is the competent authority for the supervision on covered bonds; 
ii. 
the implementing provisions shall provide for the exercise of the option granted by Article 17 
of the EU Covered Bond Directive, allowing for the issue of covered bonds with extendable 
maturity structures; and 
iii. 
the implementing provisions shall grant the Bank of Italy with the power to exercise the 
option to set for covered bonds a minimum level of overcollateralization lower than the 
thresholds set out under Article 1 of the EU Covered Bond Regulation (i.e. 2% or 5% 
depending on the assets included in the cover pool). 
The EU Covered Bond Directive was transposed into the Italian legal framework by means of 
Legislative Decree 5 November 2021, n. 190 (the “Decree 190”) which modified Law 30 April 1999, 
n.130 and entered into force on December 1st , 2021. 
The Legislative Decree 190/2021 designated the Bank of Italy as the competent authority for the 
public supervision of the covered bonds, and entrusted it with the issuing of the implementing 
provisions of the Title I-bis of Law 130, as amended, by 8 July 2022, in accordance with article 3, 
paragraph 2, of Decree 190 (the “Implementing Provisions”). 
The Decree 190 repealed, inter alia, articles 7-bis, 7-ter and 7-quater of Law 30 April 1999, n.130 (as 
applicable until the entry into force of the Implementing Provisions) and introduced the new Title I-
bis of the Law 30 April 1999, n.130, which sets out the legislative framework applicable to covered 
bonds issued as of the adoption by the Bank of Italy of new the supervisory instructions set out in Part

--- Page 245 ---
245 
III, Chapter 3 of the “Disposizioni di Vigilanza per le Banche” dated 30 March 2023 (Circolare No. 
285 of 17 December 2013), as amended from time to time (the “BoI Regulations”). 
In this respect, it is worth mentioning that the national legislator chose to exercise the following 
options provided by the EU Covered Bond Directive: (i) the possibility not to apply the liquidity 
requirement of the cover pool limited to the period covered by the liquidity requirement provided for 
in Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/61; (ii) the possibility of allowing the issuance of covered bonds 
with extendable maturity structures; (iii) the possibility of allowing the calculation of the liquidity 
requirement of the cover pool in case of programs with extendable maturity by taking as a reference 
the final maturity date for the payment of principal. 
On 30 March 2023 the Bank of Italy published the Implementing Provisions, entering into force on 31 
March 2023, and amending the BoI Regulations with regard, inter alia, to the definition of (i) the 
criteria for the assessment of the eligible assets and the conditions for including covered bonds among 
eligible assets for derivative contracts with hedging purposes; (ii) the procedures for calculating 
hedging requirements; (iii) the conditions for establishing new issuance programmes; (iv) giving the 
possibility also to banks with credit rating 3 to act as counterparties of a derivative contract with 
hedging purposes; (v) the reduction of the minimum level of over-collateralization for covered bonds 
(i.e. 2% instead of 5%), deciding not to exercise such optionality (vi) the conditions for issuing under 
already existing programme as of the date of the entry into force of the Implementing Provisions. 
In accordance with the Decree 190: 
i. 
until the entry into force of the BoI Regulations (i.e., 31 March 2023), covered bonds have 
been issued pursuant to article 7-bis of the Law No. 130 of 30 April 1999 as applicable until 
the entry into force of the Implementing Provisions amending the Bank of Italy Regulation, 
the Decree of the Ministry of Economy and Finance of 14 December 2006, No. 310 (the 
“MEF Decree”), the previous version of the supervisory instructions of the Bank of Italy 
containing the “Disposizioni di Vigilanza per le Banche” relating to covered bonds 
(Obbligazioni Bancarie Garantite) under Part III, Chapter 3, of the Circular No. 285 dated 17 
December 2013 
and the previous version of article 129 of the CRR; and 
ii. 
(as of the entry into force of the Implementing Provisions amending the Bank of Italy 
Regulations (i.e., 31 March 2023), covered bonds will be issued pursuant to the provisions of 
Title I-bis of the Law 130, the new BoI Regulations, as amended, and the Article 129 of the 
CRR, as amended by the EU Covered Bond Regulation. 
Basic structure of a covered bond issue 
The structure provided under Title I-bis of Law 130 with respect to the issue of covered bonds may 
be summarised as follows: 
i. 
a bank transfers a pool of eligible assets pursuant to Law 130 and Article 129 of the CRR (i.e. 
the cover pool) to an Article 7-septies special purpose vehicle (the "SPV"); 
ii. 
the bank grants the SPV a subordinated loan in order to fund the payment by the SPV of the 
purchase price due for the cover pool; 
iii. 
the bank issues the covered bonds which are supported by a first demand, unconditional, 
autonomous and irrevocable guarantee issued by the SPV for the exclusive benefit of the 
holders of the covered bonds and the hedging counterparties involved in the Transaction. The 
Covered Bond Guarantee is backed by the entire cover pool held by the SPV.

--- Page 246 ---
246 
Title I-bis of Law 130 however also allows for structures which contemplate different entities acting 
respectively as cover pool provider, subordinated loan provider and covered bonds issuer. 
The SPV 
The Italian legislator chose to implement the new legislation on covered bonds by supplementing the 
Law 130, thus basing the new structure on a well established platform and applying to covered bonds 
many provisions with which the market is already familiar in relation to Italian securitisations. 
Accordingly, as is the case with the special purpose entities which act as issuers in Italian 
securitisation transactions, the SPV is required to be established with an exclusive corporate object 
that, in the case of covered bonds, must be the purchaser of assets eligible for cover pools and the 
person giving guarantees in the context of covered bond transactions. 
The guarantee 
The Article 7-quaterdecies of Law 130 provides that the guarantee issued by the SPV for the benefit 
of the bondholders must be irrevocable, first-demand, unconditional and independent from the 
obligations of the issuer of the covered bonds. Furthermore, upon the occurrence of a default by the 
issuer in respect of its payment obligations under the covered bonds, the SPV must provide for the 
payment of the amounts due under the covered bonds, in accordance with their original terms and 
with limited recourse to the amounts available to the SPV from the cover pool. The acceleration of 
the issuer's payment obligations under the covered bonds will not therefore result in a corresponding 
acceleration of the SPV's payment obligations under the guarantee (thereby preserving the maturity 
profile of the covered bonds). 
Upon an insolvency of the issuer, the SPV will be solely responsible for the payment obligations of the 
issuer owed to the covered bond holders, in accordance with their original terms and with limited 
recourse to the amounts available to the SPV from the cover pool. In addition, the SPV will be 
exclusively entitled to exercise the rights of the covered bond holders vis à vis the issuer's bankruptcy 
in accordance with the applicable bankruptcy law. Any amount recovered by the SPV from the 
bankruptcy of the issuer become part of the cover pool. 
Finally, if a moratorium is imposed on the issuer's payments, the SPV will fulfil the issuer's payment 
obligations, with respect to amounts which are due and payable and with limited recourse to the 
cover pool. The SPV will then have recourse against the issuer for any such payments. 
Segregation and subordination 
Article 7-octies of Law 130 provides that the assets comprised in the cover pool and the amounts 
paid by the debtors with respect to the receivables and/or debt securities included in the cover pool 
are exclusively designated and segregated by law for the benefit of the holders of the covered bonds 
and the hedging counterparties involved in the transaction. 
In addition, Article 7-octies of Law 130 expressly provides that the claim for reimbursement of the 
loan granted to the SPV to fund the purchase of assets in the cover pool is subordinated to the rights 
of the covered bond holders and of the hedging counterparties involved in the transaction. 
Exemption from claw-back 
Article 7-octies of Law 130  provides that the guarantee and the subordinated loan granted to fund 
the payment by the SPV of the purchase price due for the cover pool are exempt from the 
bankruptcy claw-back provisions set out in Article 67 of the Bankruptcy Law (Royal Decree No. 
267 of 16 March 1942) or, after the entry into force of the Crisis and Insolvency Code, Article 166 
of the Crisis and Insolvency Code.

--- Page 247 ---
247 
In addition to the above, any payments made by an assigned debtor to the SPV may not be subject to 
any claw-back action according to Article 65 and Article 67 of the Bankruptcy Law (Royal Decree 
No. 267 of 16 March 1942) or, after the entry into force of the Crisis and Insolvency Code, Article 
166 or Article 164, paragraph 1 of the Crisis and Insolvency Code. 
The Cover Pool 
For a description of the assets which are considered eligible for inclusion in a cover pool under 
Article 7-novies of the Law 130, see "Description of the Cover Pool – Eligibility Criteria". 
Ratio between cover pool value and covered bond outstanding amount. 
Article 7-undecies of Law 130 provides that the cover pool provider and the issuer must continually 
ensure that, throughout the transaction: 
 
the aggregate nominal value of the cover pool is at least equal to the nominal amount of the 
relevant outstanding covered bonds; 
 
the net present value of the cover pool (net of all the transaction costs borne by the SPV, 
including in relation to hedging arrangements) is at least equal to the net present value of the 
relevant outstanding covered bonds; 
 
the interest and other revenues deriving from the cover pool (net of all the transaction costs 
borne by the SPV) are sufficient to cover interest and costs due by the issuer with respect to 
the relevant outstanding covered bonds, taking into account any hedging agreements entered 
into in connection with the transaction. 
It being understood that, for the calculations of the mandatory tests, the issuing bank shall comply, 
inter alia, with the following criteria: 
(i) 
pursuant to Article 7-undecies, paragraph 2, letter a) of the Law 130, unsecured receivables, in 
the event of a default pursuant to Article 178 of Regulation (EU) No 575/2013, shall not 
contribute to the calculations of the mandatory tests; 
(ii) 
pursuant to Article 7-undecies, paragraph 2, letter b) of the Law 130, the costs related to 
maintenance and administration for the winding-down of the covered bonds programme may 
be calculated as a lump sum; 
(iii) 
pursuant to Article 7-undecies, paragraph 2, letter c) of the Law 130, the liquid assets (as 
defined under Article 7-duodecies of Law 130) shall contribute to the calculations of the 
mandatory tests provided that they comply with the conditions for qualifying as eligible 
assets set out under Article 7-novies, paragraph 1, letter (a), of the Law 130; 
(iv) 
pursuant to Article 7-undecies, paragraph 2, letter d) of the Law 130, the calculation of the 
interest generated by the assets included in the cover pool and the interest due by the Issuer 
on the OBG outstanding shall be made on the basis of prudent criteria and criteria consistent 
with the applicable accounting principles; 
(v) 
pursuant to Article 7-undecies, paragraph 2, letter f) of the Law 130, the methodologies for 
the calculation of the numerator and denominator of the mandatory tests are based on criteria 
consistent with each other. 
In addition, pursuant to Article 129, paragraph 3a, of the CRR, in addition to being collateralised by 
the Assets, covered bonds shall be subject to a minimum level of 5% of overcollateralisation. 
The liquidity buffer

--- Page 248 ---
248 
Pursuant to Article 7-duodecies, paragraph 1 of the Law 130, the Issuer ensures on an ongoing basis, 
for the entire duration of the cover bond programme, that the segregated assets include a liquidity 
reserve that is at least equal to the maximum cumulative net outflow of liquidity over the next 180 
days. 
The liquidity buffer reserve is composed of the following liquid assets having the characteristics set 
forth in Article 7-duodecies, paragraph 2, of Law 130: 
a) 
high quality liquid assets (as identified in Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/61); 
b) 
exposures with an original maturity of ninety days or less to credit institutions that qualify for 
credit quality steps 1 or 2 or short-term exposures to credit institutions that are classified for credit 
quality steps 1, 2 or 3 in accordance with Article 129, paragraph 1, letter (c) of the CRR. 
In respect of the above, under the BoI Regulations, strict monitoring procedures are imposed on 
banks for the monitoring of the transaction and of the adequacy of the guarantee on the cover pool. 
Such activities must be carried out both by the relevant bank and by an asset monitor, to be appointed 
by the bank, which is an independent accounting firm. The asset monitor must prepare and deliver to 
the issuing bank's s board of auditors and the Bank of Italy, on an annual basis, a report detailing its 
monitoring activity and the relevant findings. 
The BoI Regulations require banks to carry out the monitoring activities described above at least 
every 6 months with respect to each covered bond transaction. Furthermore, the internal auditors of 
banks must comprehensively review every 12-months the monitoring activity carried out with 
respect to each covered bond transaction, basing such review, among other things, on the 
evaluations supplied by the asset monitor. 
In addition to the above, pursuant to the BoI Regulations provide that the management body of the 
issuing bank must ensure that the internal structures delegated to the risk management verify at least 
every six months and for each transaction completeness, accuracy and timeliness of information 
available to investors pursuant to Section V of the BoI Regulations. 
In order to ensure that the monitoring activities above may be appropriately implemented, the BoI 
Regulations require that the entities participating in covered bond transactions be bound by 
appropriate contractual undertakings to communicate to the issuing bank, the cover pool provider and 
the entity acting as servicer in relation to the cover pool assets all the necessary information with 
respect to the cover pool assets and their performance. 
Substitution of assets 
The BoI Regulations provide that the substitution of  the eligible assets comprised in the cover pool is 
permitted provided that such option is expressly provided for in the programme and in the issuance 
prospectus. 
Public disclosure 
Pursuant to Article 7-septiesdecies of the Law 130, the issuing bank shall publish, at least quarterly, 
including on its website and in accordance with the implementing provisions of the Bank of Italy, 
information on issuance programmes in order to enable investors to perform an informed assessment 
of the issuances and the associated risks. 
Section V of the Bank of Italy Regulations, which sets out the relevant information to be provided to 
the investors. 
Taxation

--- Page 249 ---
249 
Article 7-vicies ter provides that any tax is due as if the granting of the subordinated loan and the 
transfer of the cover pool had not taken place and as if the assets constituting the cover pool were 
registered as on-balance sheet assets of the cover pool provider, provided that: 
 
the purchase price paid for the transfer of the cover pool is equal to the most recent book 
value of the assets constituting the cover pool; and 
 
the subordinated loan is granted by the same bank acting as cover pool provider. 
The provision described above would imply, as a main consequence, that banks issuing covered 
bonds will be entitled to include the receivables transferred to the cover pool as on-balance 
receivables for the purpose of tax deductions applicable to reserves for the depreciation on 
receivables in accordance with Article 106 of Presidential Decree No. 917 of 22 December 1986. 
Usury Law 
Italian Law number 108 of 7 March 1996, as amended by law decree No. 70 of 13 May 2011 (the 
"Usury Law") introduced legislation preventing lenders from applying interest rates equal to or higher 
than rates (the "Usury Rates") set every three months on the basis of a Decree issued by the Italian 
Treasury. In addition, even where the applicable Usury Rates are not exceeded, interest and other 
advantages and/or remuneration may be held to be usurious if: (i) they are disproportionate to the 
amount lent (taking into account the specific circumstances of the transaction and the average rate 
usually applied for similar transactions) and (ii) the person who paid or agreed to pay was in financial 
and economic difficulties. The provision of usurious interest, advantages or remuneration has the same 
consequences as non-compliance with the Usury Rates. In certain judgements issued during 2000, the 
Italian Supreme Court (Corte di Cassazione) ruled that the Usury Law applied both to loans advanced 
prior to and after the entry into force of the Usury Law. 
On 29 December 2000, the Italian Government issued law decree No. 394 (the “Decree 394), 
converted into law by the Italian Parliament on 28 February 2001, which clarified the uncertainty 
about the interpretation of the Usury Law and provided, inter alia, that interest will be deemed to be 
usurious only if the interest rate agreed by the parties exceeded the Usury Rates at the time when the 
loan agreement or any other credit facility was entered into or the interest rate was agreed. The 
Decree 394, as interpreted by the Italian Constitutional Court by decision No. 29 of 14 February 
2002, also provided that as an extraordinary measure due to the exceptional fall in interest rates in 
1998 and 1999, interest rates due on instalments payable after 31 December 2000 on fixed rate loans 
(other than subsidised loans) already entered into on the date such decree came into force (such date 
being 31 December 2000) are to be substituted, except where the parties have agreed to more 
favourable terms, with a lower interest rate set in accordance with parameters fixed by such decree by 
reference to the average gross yield of multiannual treasury bonds (Buoni Tesoro Poliennali) in the 
period from January 1986 to October 2000. 
According to recent court precedents of the Italian Supreme Court (Corte di Cassazione), the 
remuneration of any given financing must be below the applicable Usury Rate from time to time 
applicable. Based on this recent evolution of case law on the matter, it will constitute a breach of the 
Usury Law if the remuneration of a financing is lower than the applicable Usury Rate at the time the 
terms of the financing were agreed but becomes higher than the applicable Usury Rate at any point in 
time thereafter. Furthermore, those court precedents have also stated that default interest rates are 
relevant and must be taken into account when calculating the aggregate remuneration of any given 
financing for the purposes of determining its compliance with the applicable Usury Rate. That 
interpretation is in contradiction with the current methodology for determining the Usury Rates,

--- Page 250 ---
250 
considering that the relevant surveys aimed at calculating the applicable average rate never took into 
account the default interest rates. On 3 July 2013, also the Bank of Italy has confirmed in an official 
document that default interest rates should be taken into account for the purposes of the Statutory 
Usury Rates and has acknowledged that there is a discrepancy between the methods utilised to 
determine the remuneration of any given financing (which must include default rates) and the 
applicable Statutory Usury Rates against which the former must be compared. 
To solve such a contrast between different Italian Supreme Court (Corte di Cassazione) decisions, a 
recent decision by the Italian Supreme Court (Corte di Cassazione) joint sections (Sezioni Unite) (n. 
24675 dated 18 July 2017) finally stated that interest rates which were compliant with the Usury Rate 
as at the time of the execution of the financing agreements but exceeded such threshold thereafter, are 
lawful also from a civil law perspective falling outside of the scope of the Usury Law. In this respect, 
due to the recent date of this last decision, it remains unclear how such decision will be applied by the 
merit courts. 
In addition, the Italian Supreme Court (Corte di Cassazione) joint sections (Sezioni Unite) (n. 19597 
dated 18 September 2020) stated that, in order to assess whether a loan complies with the Usury Law, 
also default interest rates shall be included in the calculation of the remuneration to be compared with 
the Usury Rates. In this respect, should that remuneration be higher than the Usury Rates, only the 
‘type’of rate which determined the breach shall be deemed as null and void. As a consequence, the 
entire amount referable to the rate which determined the breach of said threshold shall be deemed as 
unenforceable according to the last interpretation of the Supreme Court. 
Compound interest 
Pursuant to article 1283 of the Italian Civil Code, in respect of a monetary claim or receivable, 
accrued interest may be capitalised after a period of not less than six months or from the date when 
any legal proceedings are commenced in respect of that monetary claim or receivable. Article 1283 of 
the Italian Civil Code allows derogation from this provision in the event that there are recognised 
customary practices to the contrary. Banks and other financial institutions in the Republic of Italy 
have traditionally capitalised accrued interest on a quarterly basis on the grounds that such practice 
could be characterised as a customary practice. However, a number of recent judgements from Italian 
courts (including judgements from the Italian Supreme Court (Corte di Cassazione) have held that 
such practices may not be defined as customary practices. Consequently if Debtors were to challenge 
this practice, it is possible that such interpretation of the Italian Civil Code would be upheld before 
other courts in the Republic of Italy and that the returns generated from the relevant Mortgage Loans 
may be prejudiced. 
In this respect, it should be noted that Article 25, paragraph 3, of legislative decree No. 342 of 4 
August 1999 (“Decree No. 342”), enacted by the Italian Government under a delegation granted 
pursuant to law No. 142 of 19 February 1992, has considered the capitalisation of accrued interest 
(anatocismo) made by banks prior to the date on which it came into force (19 October 1999) to be 
valid. After such date, the capitalisation of accrued interest is no longer possible upon the terms 
established by a resolution of the CICR issued on 22 February 2000. Law No. 342 has been 
challenged and decision No. 425 of 17 October 2000 of the Italian Constitutional Court has declared 
as unconstitutional under the provisions of Law No. 342 regarding the validity of the capitalisation of 
accrued interest made by banks prior to the date on which Law No. 342 came into force. 
Recently, article 17 bis of law decree 18 of 14 February 2016 as converted into Law no. 49 of 8 April 
2016 amended article 120, paragraph 2, of the Consolidated Banking Act, providing that the accrued 
interest shall not produce further interests, except for default interests, and are calculated exclusively

--- Page 251 ---
251 
on the principal amount. On 8 August 2016, the decree no. 343 of 3 August 2016 issued by the 
Minister of Economy and Finance, in his quality of President of the CICR, implementing article 120, 
paragraph 2, of the Banking Law, has been published. Given the novelty of this new legislation and 
the absence of any jurisprudential interpretation, the impact of such new legislation may not be 
predicted as at the date of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 252 ---
252 
 
TAXATION 
Prospective purchasers of Covered Bonds are advised to consult their tax advisers as to the 
consequences, under the tax laws of the countries of their respective citizenship, residence or 
domicile, of a purchase of Covered Bonds, including, but not limited to, the consequences of receipt 
of payments under the Covered Bonds and their disposal or redemption. 
Italian taxation  
The following is an overview of current Italian law and practice relating to the taxation of the 
Covered Bonds. The statements herein regarding taxation are based on the laws in force in Italy as of 
the date of this Base Prospectus and are subject to any changes in law occurring after such date, 
which changes could be made on a retroactive basis. 
Prospective purchasers should be aware that tax treatment depends on the individual circumstances of 
each Covered Bondholder: as a consequence they should consult their tax advisers as to the 
consequences under Italian tax law and under the tax laws of the country in which they are resident 
for tax purposes and of any other potentially relevant jurisdiction of acquiring, holding and disposing 
of Covered Bonds and receiving payments of interest, principal and/or other amounts under the 
securities, including in particular the effect of any state, regional or local tax laws. 
The following overview does not purport to be a comprehensive description of all the tax 
considerations which may be relevant to a decision to subscribe for, purchase, own or dispose of the 
Covered Bonds and does not purport to deal with the tax consequences applicable to all categories of 
investors, some of which (such as dealers in securities or commodities) may be subject to special 
rules. Prospective purchasers of the Covered Bonds are advised to consult their own tax advisers 
concerning the overall tax consequences of their ownership of the Covered Bonds. This overview 
does not describe the tax consequences for an investor with respect to Covered Bonds that provide 
payout linked to the profits of the Issuer, profits of other company of the group or profits of the 
business in relation to which they are issued. 
Interest and other proceeds from Covered Bonds that qualify as bonds or instruments similar 
to bonds 
Legislative Decree No. 239 of 1 April 1996 (“Decree No. 239”), as subsequently amended, provides 
for the applicable regime with respect to the tax treatment of interest, premium and other income 
(including the difference between the redemption amount and the issue price) from certain securities 
issued, inter alia, by Italian resident banks, falling within the category of bonds (obbligazioni) or 
debentures similar to bonds (titoli similari alle obbligazioni). 
For these purposes, debentures similar to bonds are defined as securities that incorporate an 
unconditional obligation to pay, at maturity, an amount not less than their nominal value and that do 
not give any right to directly or indirectly participate in the management of the issuer or of the 
business in relation to which they are issued nor any type of control on the management. 
Italian resident Covered Bondholders 
Where an Italian resident Covered Bondholder is (a) an individual not engaged in an entrepreneurial 
activity to which the Covered Bonds are connected (unless he has opted for the application of the 
“risparmio gestito” regime – see “Capital Gains Tax” below), (b) a non-commercial partnership, 
pursuant to article 5 of the Italian Income Consolidated Code (“TUIR”) (with the exception of 
general partnership, limited partnership and similar entities) (c) a non-commercial private or public

--- Page 253 ---
253 
institution, or (d) an investor exempt from Italian corporate income taxation, interest, premium and 
other income (other than capital gains) (“Interest”) relating to the Covered Bonds, accrued during the 
relevant holding period, are subject to a withholding tax, referred to as imposta sostitutiva, levied at 
the rate of 26%. In the event that the Covered Bondholders described under (a) and (c) above are 
engaged in an entrepreneurial activity to which the Covered Bonds are connected, the imposta 
sostitutiva applies as a provisional tax. Interest will be included in the relevant beneficial owner’s 
Italian income tax return and will be subject to Italian ordinary income taxation and the imposta 
sostitutiva may be recovered as a deduction from Italian income tax due. 
Subject to certain limitations and requirements (including a minimum holding period), Italian resident 
individuals not acting in connection with an entrepreneurial activity or social security entities 
pursuant to Legislative Decree No. 509 of 30 June 1994 and Legislative Decree No. 103 of 10 
February 1996 may be exempt from any income taxation, including the imposta sostitutiva, on 
interest, premium and other income relating to the Covered Bonds if the Covered Bonds are included 
in a long-term individual savings account (piano individuale di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets 
the requirements from time to time applicable as set forth by Italian law.  
Where an Italian resident Covered Bondholder is a company or similar commercial entity or a 
permanent establishment in Italy of a foreign company to which the Covered Bonds are effectively 
connected and the Covered Bonds are deposited with an authorised intermediary, Interest from the 
Covered Bonds will not be subject to imposta sostitutiva, but must be included in the relevant 
Covered Bondholder’s annual income tax return and are therefore subject to general Italian corporate 
taxation (“IRES”), generally levied at the rate of 24%. Banks and other financial institutions will be 
subject to an additional corporation tax levied at the rate of 3.5%. In certain circumstances, subject to 
the “status” of the Covered Bondholder, also regional tax on productive activities (“IRAP”) may 
apply. IRAP is generally levied at the rate of 3.9% while banks or other financial institutions will be 
subject to IRAP at the special rate of 4.65%; in any case regions may vary the IRAP rate by up to 
0.92%.  
If an investor is resident in Italy and is an open-ended or closed-ended investment fund subject to the 
tax regime provided by Law No. 77 of 23 March 1983 (the “Fund”), a SICAV or a non-real estate 
SICAF and the Covered Bonds are held by an authorised intermediary, Interest accrued during the 
holding period on the Covered Bonds will not be subject to imposta sostitutiva but must be included 
in the management results of the Fund, the SICAV or the non-real estate SICAF accrued at the end of 
each tax period. The Fund, the SICAV or the non-real estate SICAF will not be subject to taxation on 
such result, but a substitutive tax, up to 26%, will apply, in certain circumstances, to distributions 
made in favour of unitholders or shareholders. 
Under the current regime provided by Law Decree No. 351 of 25 September 2001, converted into 
Law No. 410 of 23 November 2001 (“Decree 351”), Law Decree No. 78 of 31 May 2010, converted 
into Law No. 122 of 30 July 2010 and Legislative Decree No. 44 of 4 March 2014, all as amended, 
Italian real estate investment funds created under Article 37 of Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 
February 1998, as amended and supplemented, and Article 14-bis of Law No. 86 of 25 January 1994 
and Italian real estate SICAFs (the “Real Estate SICAFs”) are subject neither to imposta sostitutiva 
nor to any other income tax in the hands of the real estate investment fund or the Real Estate SICAF. 
Where an Italian resident Covered Bondholder is a pension fund (subject to the regime provided for 
by Article 17 of the Legislative Decree No. 252 of 5 December 2005) and the Covered Bonds are 
deposited with an authorised intermediary, Interest relating to the Covered Bonds and accrued during 
the holding period will not be subject to imposta sostitutiva, but must be included in the results of the

--- Page 254 ---
254 
relevant portfolio accrued at the end of the tax period, to be subject to a 20% substitute tax. Subject to 
certain conditions (including minimum holding period requirement) and limitations, Interest may be 
excluded from the taxable base of the 20 per cent. substitute tax if the Covered Bonds are included in 
a long-term individual savings account (piano di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the 
requirements from time to time applicable as set forth by Italian law.  
Pursuant to Decree No. 239, imposta sostitutiva is applied by banks, Società di intermediazione 
mobiliare (“SIMs”), fiduciary companies, Società di gestione del risparmio (“SGRs”), stockbrokers 
and other entities identified by a decree of the Ministry of Economics and Finance (each an 
“Intermediary”) as subsequently amended and integrated. 
An Intermediary to be entitled to apply the imposta sostitutiva, it must (i) be (a) resident in Italy or 
(b) resident outside Italy, with a permanent establishment in Italy or (c) an entity or a company not 
resident in Italy, acting through a system of centralised administration of notes and directly connected 
with the Department of Revenue of the Italian Ministry of Finance having appointed an Italian 
representative for the purposes of Decree No. 239; and (ii) intervene, in any way, in the collection of 
interest or in the transfer of the Covered Bonds. For the purpose of the application of the imposta 
sostitutiva, a transfer of Covered Bonds includes any assignment or other act, either with or without 
consideration, which results in a change in ownership of the relevant Covered Bonds or in a change 
of the Intermediary with which the Covered Bonds are deposited. 
Where the Covered Bonds are not deposited with an Intermediary, the imposta sostitutiva is applied 
and withheld by any entity paying interest to a Covered Bondholder. If Interest on the Covered Bonds 
are not collected through an Intermediary or any entity paying interest and as such no imposta 
sostitutiva is levied, the Italian resident beneficial owners listed above will be required to include 
Interest in their yearly income tax return and subject them to a final substitute tax at a rate of 26%. 
Non-Italian resident Covered Bondholders 
Where the Covered Bondholder is a non-Italian resident, without a permanent establishment in Italy 
to which the Covered Bonds are effectively connected, an exemption from imposta sostitutiva applies 
provided that the non-Italian resident beneficial owner is either (a) resident, for tax purposes, in a 
country which allows for a satisfactory exchange of information with Italy; or (b) an institutional 
investor that is resident in a country which allows for a satisfactory exchange of information with 
Italy, even if it does not possess the status of a taxpayer in its own country of residence; or, 
independently by the relevant country of tax residence, (c) an international body or entity set up in 
accordance with international agreements which have entered into force in Italy; or (d) a Central 
Bank or an entity which manages, inter alia, the official reserves of a foreign State. 
It should be noted that, pursuant to Article 11 of Decree No. 239, the countries which allow for a 
satisfactory exchange of information with Italy are those countries listed in the Ministerial Decree of 
4 September 1996, amended by Italian Ministerial Decree dated 23 March 2017, and as amended 
from time to time (the “White List Country”). Pursuant to Article 1-bis of Ministerial Decree of 4 
September 1996, the Ministry of Economy and Finance holds the right to test the actual compliance 
of each country included in the list with the exchange of information obligation and, in case of 
reiterated violations, to remove from the list the uncooperative countries. 
The imposta sostitutiva will be applicable at the rate of 26% to Interest accrued during the holding 
period, when the Covered Bondholders are resident, for tax purposes, in countries which do not 
qualify as a White List Country. The imposta sostitutiva may be reduced by applicable double tax 
treaty, if any.

--- Page 255 ---
255 
In order to ensure gross payment, non-Italian resident investors must be the beneficial owners of the 
payments of interest, premium or other proceeds and (a) deposit, directly or indirectly, the Covered 
Bonds or the coupons with a resident bank or SIM or a permanent establishment in Italy of a non-
Italian resident bank or SIM or with a non-resident operator of a clearing system having appointed as 
its agent in Italy for the purposes of Decree 239 an Italian resident bank or SIM or a permanent 
establishment in Italy of a non-Italian resident bank or SIM or a non-Italian resident bank or SIM 
which are in contact via computer with the Ministry of Economy and Finance and (b) file with the 
relevant depository, prior to or concurrently with the deposit of the Covered Bonds, a statement of the 
relevant Covered Bondholder, which remains valid until withdrawn or revoked, in which the Covered 
Bondholder declares to be eligible to benefit from the applicable exemption from imposta sostitutiva. 
Such statement, which is not requested for international bodies or entities set up in accordance with 
international agreements which have entered into force in Italy nor in the case of foreign Central 
Banks or entities which manage, inter alia, the official reserves of a foreign State, must comply with 
the requirements set forth by Ministerial Decree of 12 December 2001, as subsequently amended.  
Payments made by the Guarantor 
The Italian tax authorities have never expressed their view on the Italian tax regime applicable to 
payments on Covered Bonds made by an Italian resident guarantor in a ruling available to the 
public. Accordingly, there can be no assurance that the Italian tax authorities will not assert an 
alternative treatment of such payments than that set forth herein or that the Italian court would not 
sustain such an alternative treatment. 
With respect to payments on the Covered Bonds made to certain Italian resident Covered 
Bondholders by an Italian resident guarantor, in accordance with one interpretation of Italian tax 
law, any payment of liabilities equal to interest and other proceeds from the Covered Bonds may be 
subject to an advance withholding tax at a rate of 26 per cent pursuant to Presidential Decree of 1 
April 1973, No. 600, as subsequently amended. Also, in the case of payments to non-Italian 
resident, a final withholding tax may be applied at 26 per cent. Double taxation treaties entered into 
by Italy may apply allowing for a lower (or, in certain cases, nil) rate of withholding tax. 
In accordance with another interpretation, any such payment made by the Italian resident guarantor 
will be treated as a payment by the Issuer and will thus be subject to the tax regime described in the 
previous paragraphs of this section.  
Atypical securities Interest payments relating to Covered Bonds that are not deemed to fall within the 
category of bonds (obbligazioni), debentures similar to bonds (titoli similari alle obbligazioni), shares 
or securities similar to shares pursuant to Article 44 of TUIR may be subject to a withholding tax, 
levied at the rate of 26%. For this purpose, debentures similar to bonds are securities that incorporate 
an unconditional obligation to pay, at maturity or redemption, an amount not lower than their nominal 
value with or without the payment of periodic interest, and that do not give any right to directly or 
indirectly participate in the management of the issuer or to the business in relation to which the 
securities were issued, nor to control the same. 
Where the Covered Bondholder is (a) an Italian individual engaged in an entrepreneurial activity to 
which the Covered Bonds are connected, (b) an Italian company or a similar Italian commercial 
entity pursuant to article 5 of TUIR (with the exception of general partnership, limited partnership 
and similar entities), (c) a permanent establishment in Italy of a foreign entity, (d) an Italian 
commercial partnership or (e) an Italian commercial private or public institution, such withholding 
tax is a provisional withholding tax; in all other cases, including when the Covered Bondholder is a 
non-Italian resident, the withholding tax is a final withholding tax.

--- Page 256 ---
256 
Subject to certain limitations and requirements (including a minimum holding period), Italian resident 
individuals not acting in connection with an entrepreneurial activity or social security entities 
pursuant to Legislative Decree No. 509 of 30 June 1994 and Legislative Decree No. 103 of 10 
February 1996 may be exempt from any income taxation, including the 26% withholding tax, on 
Interest relating to the Covered Bonds qualifying as atypical securities if such Covered Bonds are 
included in a long-term individual savings account (piano individuale di risparmio a lungo termine) 
that meets the requirements from time to time applicable as set forth by Italian law. 
In the case of non-Italian resident Covered Bondholders without a permanent establishment in Italy to 
which the Covered Bonds are effectively connected, the withholding tax may be reduced by the 
applicable double tax treaty, if any. 
Capital Gains Tax 
Any gain obtained from the disposal of the Covered Bonds would be treated as part of the taxable 
income (and, in certain circumstances, depending on the “status” of the Covered Bondholder, also as 
part of the net value of the production for IRAP purposes) if realised by an Italian company or a 
similar commercial entity (including the Italian permanent establishment of foreign entities to which 
the Covered Bonds are connected) or Italian resident individuals engaged in an entrepreneurial 
activity to which the Covered Bonds are connected. 
Where an Italian resident Covered Bondholder is (i) an individual not holding the Covered Bonds in 
connection with an entrepreneurial activity, (ii) a non-commercial partnership, (iii) a non-commercial 
private or public institution, any capital gain realised by such Covered Bondholder from the disposal 
of the Covered Bonds would be subject to an imposta sostitutiva provided for by Legislative Decree 
No. 461 of 21 November 1997 (“Decree No. 461”), levied at the rate of 26%. Under some conditions 
and limitations, Covered Bondholders may set off losses with gains. In respect of the application of 
the imposta sostitutiva, taxpayers may opt for one of the three regimes described below: 
a) Under the tax declaration regime (regime della dichiarazione), which is the default regime for 
taxation of capital gains realised by Covered Bondholders under (i) to (iii) above, the imposta 
sostitutiva on capital gains will be chargeable, on a yearly cumulative basis, on all capital 
gains, net of any offsettable capital loss, realised by the relevant Covered Bondholder 
pursuant to all disposals of the Covered Bonds carried out during any given tax year. These 
Covered Bondholders must indicate the overall capital gains realised in any tax year, net of 
any relevant incurred capital loss, in their annual tax return and pay imposta sostitutiva on 
such gains together with any balance income tax due for such year. Capital losses in excess 
of capital gains may be carried forward against capital gains realised in any of the four 
succeeding tax years.  
b) As an alternative to the tax declaration regime, Italian resident individual Covered 
Bondholders under (i) to (iii) above may elect to pay the imposta sostitutiva separately on 
capital gains realised on each disposal of the Covered Bonds (the risparmio amministrato 
regime provided for by Article 6 Decree No. 461). Such separate taxation of capital gains is 
allowed subject to (a) the Covered Bonds being deposited with Italian banks, SIMs or certain 
authorised financial intermediaries and (b) an express election for the risparmio amministrato 
regime being made timely in writing by the relevant Covered Bondholder. The depository is 
responsible for accounting for imposta sostitutiva in respect of capital gains realised on each 
disposal of the Covered Bonds, net of any incurred capital loss, and is required to pay the 
relevant amount to the Italian tax authorities on behalf of the taxpayer, deducting a 
corresponding amount from the proceeds to be credited to the Covered Bondholder or using

--- Page 257 ---
257 
funds provided by the Covered Bondholder for this purpose. Under the risparmio 
amministrato regime, where a disposal of the Covered Bonds results in a capital loss, such 
loss may be deducted from capital gains subsequently realised, within the same securities 
management, in the same tax year or in the following tax years up to the fourth. Under the 
risparmio amministrato regime, the Covered Bondholder is not required to declare the capital 
gains in the annual tax return. 
c) Any capital gains realised or accrued by Italian Covered Bondholders under (i) to (iii) above 
who have entrusted the management of their financial assets, including the Covered Bonds, 
to an authorised intermediary and have opted for the so-called risparmio gestito regime 
(regime provided by Article 7 of Decree No. 461) will be included in the computation of the 
annual increase in value of the managed assets accrued, even if not realised, at year end, 
subject to a 26% substitute tax, to be paid by the managing authorised intermediary. Under 
this risparmio gestito regime, any depreciation of the managed assets accrued at year end 
may be carried forward against increase in value of the managed assets accrued in any of the 
four succeeding tax years. Under the risparmio gestito regime, the Covered Bondholder is 
not required to declare the capital gains realised in the annual tax return.  
Subject to certain limitations and requirements (including a minimum holding period), Italian resident 
individuals not engaged in an entrepreneurial activity or social security entities pursuant to 
Legislative Decree No. 509 of 30 June 1994 and Legislative Decree No. 103 of 10 February 1996 
may be exempt from Italian capital gain taxes, including the imposta sostitutiva, on capital gains 
realised upon sale or redemption of the Covered Bonds if the Covered Bonds are included in a long-
term individual savings account (piano individuale di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the 
requirements from time to time applicable as set forth by Italian law. 
Any capital gains realised by a Covered Bondholder who is an Italian real estate fund to which the 
provisions of Decree 351, Law Decree No. 78 of 31 May 2010, converted into Law No. 122 of 30 
July 2010 and Legislative Decree No. 44 of 4 March 2014, all as amended, apply or a Real Estate 
SICAF will be subject neither to imposta sostitutiva nor to any other income tax at the level of the 
real estate investment fund or the Real Estate SICAF. 
Any capital gains realised by a Covered Bondholder which is a Fund (as defined above), a SICAV or 
a SICAF will be included in the results of the relevant portfolio accrued at the end of the tax period. 
The Fund, the SICAV or the SICAF will not be subject to taxation on such result, but a substitutive 
tax, up to 26%, will apply, in certain circumstances, to distributions made in favour of unitholders or 
shareholders. 
Any capital gains realised by a Covered Bondholder who is an Italian pension fund (subject to the 
regime provided for by Article 17 of the Legislative Decree No. 252 of 5 December 2005) will be 
included in the result of the relevant portfolio accrued at the end of the tax period, to be subject to the 
20% substitute tax. Subject to certain conditions (including minimum holding period requirement) 
and limitations, capital gains realised upon sale or redemption of the Covered Bonds may be 
excluded from the taxable base of the 20 per cent. substitute tax if the Covered Bonds are included in 
a long-term individual savings account (piano individuale di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets 
the requirements from time to time applicable as set forth by Italian law. 
A 26% imposta sostitutiva may be payable on capital gains realised on the sale or redemption of the 
Covered Bonds by non-Italian resident Covered Bondholders, if the Covered Bonds are held in Italy.

--- Page 258 ---
258 
However, capital gain realised by non-Italian resident Covered Bondholders without a permanent 
establishment in Italy to which the Covered Bonds are effectively connected, from the disposal of 
Covered Bonds issued by an Italian resident Issuer are not subject to Italian taxation, provided that 
the Covered Bonds are transferred on regulated markets, and in certain cases subject to the timely 
filing of required documentation (in particular, a self-declaration that the Covered Bondholder is not 
resident in Italy for tax purposes) with Italian qualified intermediaries (or permanent establishments 
in Italy of foreign intermediaries) with which the Covered Bonds are deposited, even if the Covered 
Bonds are held in Italy and regardless of the provisions set forth by any applicable double tax treaty. 
Capital gains realised by non-Italian resident Covered Bondholders not holding the Covered Bonds 
through a permanent establishment in Italy from the disposal of Covered Bonds not transferred on 
regulated markets are not subject to the imposta sostitutiva, provided that the effective beneficiary: (a) 
is resident in a White List Country; or (b) is an international entity or body set up in accordance with 
international agreements which have entered into force in Italy; or (c) is a Central Bank or an entity 
which manages, inter alia, the official reserves of a foreign State; or (d) is an institutional investor 
which is resident in a White List Country, even if it does not possess the status of a taxpayer in its 
own country of residence. 
If none of the conditions above are met, capital gains realised by non-Italian resident Covered 
Bondholders from the disposal of Covered Bonds issued by an Italian resident Issuer are subject to 
the imposta sostitutiva at the current rate of 26%. 
In any event, non-Italian resident individuals or entities without a permanent establishment in Italy to 
which the Covered Bonds are connected, who may benefit from a double taxation treaty with Italy 
providing that capital gains realised upon the disposal of Covered Bonds are to be taxed only in the 
country of tax residence of the recipient, will not be subject to imposta sostitutiva in Italy on any 
capital gains realised upon the disposal of Covered Bonds. 
Inheritance and gift taxes 
Pursuant to Law Decree No. 262 of 3 October 2006, converted into Law No. 286 of 24 November 
2006, as subsequently amended, the transfers of any valuable asset (including shares, bonds or other 
securities) as a result of death or donation are taxed as follows: 
a) transfers in favour of spouses and direct descendants or direct ancestors are subject to an 
inheritance and gift tax applied at a rate of 4% on the value of the inheritance or the gift 
exceeding, for each beneficiary, €1,000,000; 
b) transfers in favour of relatives to the fourth degree or relatives-in-law of a direct lineage or 
after relatives-in-law of a collated lineage up to the third degree are subject to an inheritance 
and gift tax applied at a rate of 6% on the entire value of the inheritance or the gift. Transfers 
in favour of brothers/sisters are subject to the 6% inheritance and gift tax on the value of the 
inheritance or the gift exceeding, for each beneficiary, €100,000; and 
c) any other transfer, in principle, is subject to an inheritance and gift tax applied at a rate of 8% 
on the entire value of the inheritance or the gift. 
If the transfer is made in favour of persons with severe disabilities, the tax is levied at the rate, 
mentioned above in (a), (b) and (c) on the value exceeding, for each beneficiary, €1,500,000. 
Transfer tax 
Article 37 of Law Decree No. 248 of 31 December 2007, converted into Law No. 31 of 28 February 
2008, published on the Italian Official Gazette No. 51 of 29 February 2008, has abolished the Italian

--- Page 259 ---
259 
transfer tax, provided for by Royal Decree No. 3278 of 30 December 1923, as amended and 
supplemented by the Legislative Decree No. 435 of 21 November 1997. 
Following the repeal of the Italian transfer tax, as from 31 December 2007 contracts relating to the 
transfer of securities are subject to the registration tax as follows: (a) public deeds and notarized 
deeds are subject to fixed registration tax at rate of €200; (b) private deeds are subject to registration 
tax only in case of use (caso d’uso), explicit reference (enunciazione) or voluntary registration. 
Stamp duty 
Pursuant to Article 13 (2-ter) of the Tariff, Annex A, Part I, of the Presidential Decree No. 642 of 26 
October 1972, as amended from time to time, a proportional stamp duty applies on an annual basis to 
the periodic reporting communications sent by financial intermediaries to their clients for the 
securities deposited therewith. As of 1 January 2014, stamp duty applies at a rate of 0.20% and, for 
taxpayers different from individuals, cannot exceed €14,000. This stamp duty is determined on the 
basis of the market value or – if no market value figure is available – the nominal value or 
redemption amount of the securities held.  
Based on the wording of the law and the implementing decree issued by the Italian Ministry of 
Economy on 24 May 2012, the stamp duty applies to any investor who is a client (as defined in the 
regulations issued by the Bank of Italy on 20 June 2012, as subsequently amended and supplemented) 
of an entity that exercises in any form a banking, financial or insurance activity within the Italian 
territory. The communication is deemed to be sent to the customers at least once a year, even for 
instruments for which it is not mandatory. 
Wealth Tax on securities deposited abroad  
Pursuant to Article 19(18) of Decree No. 201 of 6 December 2011, as subsequently amended and 
supplemented, Italian resident individuals, non-commercial entities and certain partnerships including 
società semplici or similar partnerships pursuant to Article 5 of TUIR holding the securities outside 
the Italian territory are required to pay an additional tax at a rate of 0.20% for each year. The wealth 
tax cannot exceed Euro 14,000 per year for taxpayers other than individuals. 
This tax is calculated on the market value of the securities at the end of the relevant year or – if no 
market value figure is available – the nominal value or the redemption value of such financial assets 
held outside the Italian territory. Taxpayers are entitled to an Italian tax credit equivalent to the 
amount of wealth taxes paid in the State where the financial assets are held (up to an amount equal to 
the Italian wealth tax due). 
Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act 
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, commonly known as 
FATCA, a foreign financial institution (as defined by FATCA) may be required to withhold on 
certain payments it makes (foreign passthru payments) to persons that fail to meet certain 
certification, reporting or related requirements. The Issuer is a foreign financial institution for these 
purposes. A number of jurisdictions (including the Republic of Italy) have entered into, or have 
agreed in substance to, intergovernmental agreements with the United States to implement FATCA 
(“IGAs”), which modify the way in which FATCA applies in their jurisdictions. Under the 
provisions of IGAs as currently in effect, a foreign financial institution in an IGA jurisdiction 
would generally not be required to withhold under FATCA or an IGA from payments that it makes. 
Certain aspects of the application of the FATCA provisions and IGAs to instruments such as 
Covered Bonds, including whether withholding would ever be required pursuant to FATCA or an

--- Page 260 ---
260 
IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as Covered Bonds, are uncertain and may be 
subject to change. Even if withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with 
respect to payments on instruments such as Covered Bonds, Covered Bonds characterised as debt 
(or which are not otherwise characterised as equity and have a fixed term) for U.S. federal tax 
purposes that are issued on or prior to the date that is six months after the date on which final 
regulations defining foreign passthru payments are filed with the U.S. Federal Register generally 
would be grandfathered for purposes of FATCA withholding unless materially modified after such 
date. However, if additional Covered Bonds (as described under "Terms and Conditions—Further 
Issues") that are not distinguishable from previously issued Covered Bonds are issued after the 
expiration of the grandfathering period and are subject to withholding under FATCA, then 
withholding agents may treat all Covered Bonds, including the Covered Bonds offered prior to the 
expiration of the grandfathering period, as subject to withholding under FATCA. In the event any 
withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on the 
Covered Bonds, no person will be required to pay additional amounts as a result of the withholding. 
Holders should consult their own tax advisers regarding how these rules may apply to their 
investment in Covered Bonds. 
The proposed European Union financial transaction tax (FTT) 
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission published a proposal (the “Commission’s 
Proposal”) for a Directive for a common EU FTT in Belgium, Germany, Estonia, Greece, Spain, 
France, Italy, Austria, Portugal, Slovenia and Slovakia (the “participating Member States”). 
However, Estonia has since stated that it will not participate. 
The Commission’s Proposal has very broad scope and could, if introduced, apply to certain dealings 
in the Covered Bonds (including secondary market transactions) in certain circumstances.  
Under the Commission’s Proposal the FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both 
within and outside of the participating Member States. Generally, it would apply to certain dealings 
in the Covered Bonds where at least one party is a financial institution, and at least one party is 
established in a participating Member State. A financial institution may be, or be deemed to be, 
“established” in a participating Member State in a broad range of circumstances, including (a) by 
transacting with a person established in a participating Member State or (b) where the financial 
instrument which is subject to the dealings is issued in a participating Member State. 
Joint statements issued by participating Member States indicate an intention to implement the FTT. 
However, the FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between participating Member States. It 
may therefore be altered prior to any implementation, the timing of which remains unclear. 
Additional EU Member States may decide to participate. Prospective holders of the Covered Bonds 
are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the EU FTT.

--- Page 261 ---
261 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
Covered Bonds may be sold from time to time by the Issuer to any one or more of the Dealers. The 
arrangements under which Covered Bonds may from time to time be agreed to be sold by the Issuer 
to, and purchased by, Dealers are set out in the Programme Agreement entered into, on or about 8 
October 2019, between, inter alia, the Issuer, the Guarantor and the Dealers. Under the Programme 
Agreement, the Issuer and the Dealer(s) have agreed that any Covered Bonds of any Series which 
may from time to time be agreed between the Issuer and any Dealer(s) to be issued by the Issuer and 
subscribed for by such Dealer(s) shall be issued and subscribed for on the basis of, and in reliance 
upon, the representations, warranties, undertakings and indemnities made or given or provided to be 
made or given pursuant to the terms of the Programme Agreement. Any such agreement will, inter 
alia, make provision for the terms and conditions of the relevant Covered Bonds, the price at which 
such Covered Bonds will be purchased by the Dealers and the commissions or other agreed 
deductibles (if any) payable or allowable by the Issuer in respect of such purchase. The Programme 
Agreement makes provision for the resignation or termination of appointment of existing Dealers and 
for the appointment of additional or other Dealers either generally in respect of the Programme or in 
relation to a particular Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds. 
Selling restrictions 
Public Offer Selling Restriction under the Prospectus Regulation 
If the Final Terms of any Covered Bond specifies “Prohibition of Sale to EEA Retail Investors” as 
“Not Applicable”, in relation to each Member State of the European Economic Area, each Dealer 
has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Covered Bonds 
which are the subject of the offering contemplated by the Base Prospectus as completed by the Final 
Terms in relation thereto to the public in that Member State except that it may make an offer of such 
Covered Bonds to the public in that Member State: 
(a) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus 
Regulation; 
(b) 
at any time to fewer than 150, natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as 
defined in the Prospectus Regulation) subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant 
Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(c) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation, 
provided that no such offer of Covered Bonds referred to in (a) to (c) above shall require the Issuer or 
any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a 
prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, (i) the expression an "offer of Covered Bonds to the public" in 
relation to any Covered Bonds in any Relevant Member State means the communication in any form 
and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Covered Bonds to be 
offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe the Covered Bonds, as the same 
may be varied in that Member State by any measure implementing the Prospectus Regulation in that 
Member State, (ii) the expression “Prospectus Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. 
United Kingdom public offer selling restriction for prospectuses

--- Page 262 ---
262 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Covered Bonds includes the legend “Prohibition of Sales to UK 
Retail Investors” as “Not Applicable”, each Dealer represents and agrees, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will 
not make an offer of Covered Bonds which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base 
Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to the public in the UK except that it 
may make an offer of such Covered Bonds to the public in the UK: 
(a) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation 
(EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; 
(b) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined 
in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA) in the UK subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers 
nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(c) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA, 
provided that no such offer of Covered Bonds referred to in (a) to (c) above shall require the Issuer or 
any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus 
pursuant to Article 23 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of 
the EUWA. 
For the purposes of this provision, (i) the expression an “offer of Covered Bonds to the public” in 
relation to any Covered Bonds means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Covered Bonds to be offered so as to enable an investor 
to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Covered Bonds and (ii) the expression “UK Prospectus 
Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Series of Covered Bonds specifies the "Prohibition of Sales 
to EEA Retail Investors" as "Not Applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each 
further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not 
offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any 
Covered Bonds, as the case may be, which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base 
Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the European 
Economic Area. 
For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of article 4(1) of the MiFID II; or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of article 
4(1) of MiFID II; and  
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation. 
(b) 
the expression an "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of 
sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Covered Bonds, as the case may be, to 
be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe the Covered Bonds, 
as the case may be.

--- Page 263 ---
263 
Prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Series of Covered Bonds specifies the "Prohibition of Sales 
to UK Retail Investors" as "Not Applicable", Each Dealer represents and agrees, and each further 
Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, 
sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Covered 
Bonds which are the subject of the offering contemplated by the Base Prospectus as completed by the 
Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the United Kingdom. For the purposes of this 
provision: 
(a) 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
(“EUWA”); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets 
Act 2000 (the “FSMA”) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to 
implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 
600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK Prospectus 
Regulation”).  
(b) 
the expression an “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of 
sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Covered Bonds to be offered so as to 
enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Covered Bonds. 
United States of America 
The Covered Bonds have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as 
amended (the “Securities Act”) and may not be offered or sold within the United States of America 
or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in certain transactions exempt from the 
registration requirements of the Securities Act. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given 
to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent and agree, that, it will not offer, sell or deliver Covered Bonds, (a) as part of 
their distribution at any time or (b) otherwise until 40 days after the completion of the distribution, as 
determined and certified by the relevant Dealer or, in case of an issue of the Covered Bonds on a 
syndicated basis, the relevant lead manager, of all Covered Bonds of the Tranche of which such 
Covered Bonds are a part within the United States of America or to, or for the account or benefit of, 
U.S. persons. Each Dealer has further agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to agree, that it will send to each Dealer to which it sells Covered Bonds during the 
distribution compliance period a confirmation or other notice setting forth the restrictions on offers 
and sales of the Covered Bonds within the United States of America or to, or for the account or 
benefit of, U.S. persons. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by 
Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
Until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of any Series of Covered Bonds an offer or 
sale of such Covered Bonds within the United States of America by any Dealer (whether or not 
participating in the offering) may violate the registration requirements of the Securities Act if such

--- Page 264 ---
264 
offer or sale is made otherwise that in accordance with an available exemption from registration 
under the Securities Act. 
Japan 
The Covered Bonds have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and 
Exchange Act of Japan (Act no. 25 of 1948, as amended; the “FIEA”) and each Dealer has 
represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent and agree, that it will not offer or sell any Covered Bonds, directly or indirectly, in Japan 
or to, or for the benefit of, resident of Japan (as defined under Item 5, Paragraph 1, Article 6 of the 
Foreign Exchange and Foreign Trade Act (Act no. 228 of 1949, as amended)), or to others for re-
offering or resale, directly or indirectly in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, a resident of Japan 
except pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of, and otherwise in compliance 
with, the FIEA and any other applicable laws, regulations and ministerial guidelines of Japan. 
France 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell, 
directly or indirectly, Covered Bonds to the public in France, and it has not distributed or caused to 
be distributed and will not distribute or cause to be distributed to the public in France, the Base 
Prospectus, the relevant Final Terms or any other offering material relating to the Covered Bonds 
and that such offers, sales and distributions have been and will be made in France only to qualified 
investors (investisseurs qualifiés), other than individuals, all as defined in, and in accordance with, 
articles L.411-1, L.411-2, D.411-1, L.533-16 and L.533-20 of the French Code monétaire et 
financier. 
The Republic of Ireland 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree, that: 
(a) 
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Covered Bonds except in conformity 
with the provisions of the Prospectus Regulation and, where applicable, implementing 
measures in Ireland and the provisions of the Companies Acts 2014 of Ireland and every other 
enactment that is to be read together with any of those Acts; 
(b) 
in respect of Covered Bonds issued by Banca Popolare dell’Alto Adige which are not listed on 
a stock exchange and which do not mature within two years its action in any jurisdiction will 
comply with the then applicable laws and regulations of that jurisdiction, it will not knowingly 
offer to sell such Covered Bonds to an Irish resident, or to persons whose usual place of abode 
is Ireland, and that it will not knowingly distribute or cause to be distributed in Ireland any 
offering material in connection with such Covered Bonds. In addition, such Covered Bonds 
must be cleared through Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg, or Depository Trust Company 
(or any other clearing system recognised for this purpose by the Revenue Commissioners) and 
have a minimum denomination of £300,000 or its equivalent at the date of issuance; 
(c) 
in respect of Covered Bonds issued by Banca Popolare dell’Alto Adige which are not listed on 
a stock exchange and which mature within two years, such Covered Bonds must have a 
minimum denomination of €500,000 or US$500,000 or, in the case of Covered Bond which 
are denominated in a currency other than euro or US dollars, the equivalent in that other 
currency of €500,000 (such amount to be determined by reference to the relevant rate of

--- Page 265 ---
265 
exchange at the date of first publication of this Programme). In addition, such Covered Bonds 
must be cleared through Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or Depository Trust Company 
(or any other clearing system recognised for this purpose by the Revenue Commissioners); 
(d) 
it has only issued or passed on, and will only issue or pass on, any document received by it in 
connection with the issue of Covered Bonds to persons who are persons to whom the 
document may otherwise lawfully be issued or passed on; 
(e) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of S.I. No. 60 of 2007, of the 
European Communities (Markets in Financial Instruments) Regulations 2007 and the 
provisions of the Investor Compensation Act 1998, with respect to anything done by it in 
relation to the Covered Bonds or operating in, or otherwise involving, Ireland is acting under 
and within the terms of an authorisation to do so for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU and 
it has complied with any applicable codes of conduct or practice made pursuant to 
implementing measures in respect of the foregoing Directive in any relevant jurisdiction;  
(f) 
it has not offered or sold or will not offer or sell any Covered Bonds other than in compliance 
with the provisions of the Central Bank Acts 1942-2013 (as amended) and any codes of 
conduct rules made thereunder; and 
(g) 
it has not offered or sold or will not offer or sell any Covered Bonds other than in compliance 
with the provisions of the Market Abuse (Directive 2003/6/EC) Regulations 2005 (as 
amended) and any rules issued under the Irish Companies Act 2014 by the Central Bank of 
Ireland. 
Germany 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent and agree, that it shall only offer Covered Bonds in the Federal Republic of 
Germany in compliance with the provisions of the German Securities Prospectus Act 
(Wertpapierprospektgesetz) and any other laws applicable in the Federal Republic of Germany. 
Republic of Italy 
The offering of Covered Bonds has not been registered pursuant to Italian securities legislation and, 
accordingly, no Covered Bonds may be offered, sold or delivered, nor may copies of the Base 
Prospectus or of any other document relating to any Covered Bonds be distributed in the Republic of 
Italy, except in circumstances falling within Article 1(4) or 3(2) of the Prospectus Regulation, and in 
compliance with  article 100 of the Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24th February, 1998, as amended 
(the “Financial Law”) and Article 34-ter, first paragraph, letter b, of CONSOB Regulation No. 11971 
of 14 May 1999, as amended from time to time, as applicable. 
Any offer, sale or delivery of the Covered Bonds or distribution of copies of this Base Prospectus or 
any other document relating to the Covered Bonds in the Republic of Italy under the preceding 
paragraph above must: 
(a) 
be made by an investment firm, bank or financial intermediary permitted to conduct such 
activities in the Republic of Italy in accordance with the Financial Law, CONSOB Regulation 
No. 20307 of 15 February 2018 and Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1st September 1993, as 
amended (the “Banking Law”); 
(b) 
comply with any other applicable laws and regulations or requirement imposed by CONSOB, 
the Bank of Italy (including the reporting requirements, where applicable to the Dealer(s), 
pursuant to article 129 of the Consolidated Banking Act, as amended, and the implementing

--- Page 266 ---
266 
guidelines of the Bank of Italy, as amended from time to time) and/ or any other Italian 
authority. 
General 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it has complied and will comply 
with all applicable laws and regulations in each country or jurisdiction in or from which it purchases, 
offers, sells or delivers Covered Bonds or possesses, distributes or publishes this Base Prospectus or 
any Final Terms or any related offering material, in all cases at its own expense. Other persons into 
whose hands this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms comes are required by the Issuer and the 
Dealers to comply with all applicable laws and regulations in each country or jurisdiction in or from 
which they purchase, offer, sell or deliver Covered Bonds or possess, distribute or publish this Base 
Prospectus or any Final Terms or any related offering material, in all cases at their own expense. 
The Programme Agreement provides that the Dealers shall not be bound by any of the restrictions 
relating to any specific jurisdiction (set out above) to the extent that such restrictions shall, as a result 
of change(s) or change(s) in official interpretation, after the date hereof, of applicable laws and 
regulations, no longer be applicable but without prejudice to the obligations of the Dealers described 
in the paragraph headed "General" above. 
Selling restrictions may be supplemented or modified with the agreement of the Issuer. Any such 
supplement or modification may be set out in a supplement to this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 267 ---
267 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Listing and Admission to Trading 
This Base Prospectus has been approved as a base prospectus issued in compliance with the 
Prospectus Regulation by the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier ("CSSF") in its 
capacity as competent authority in the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg for the purposes of the 
Prospectus Regulation. Application has been made for Covered Bonds issued under the Programme 
during the period of 12 months from the date of this Base Prospectus to be listed on the official list of 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and admitted to trading on the regulated market or on the 
Professional Segment of the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
However, Covered Bonds may be issued pursuant to the Programme which will be unlisted or be 
admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by such other competent authority, stock exchange or 
quotation system as the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) may agree. 
Authorisations 
The establishment of the Programme has been duly authorised by the resolutions of the management 
board of the Issuer respectively dated 7 September 2018, 9 November 2018, 21 December 2018, 10 
May 2019, 30 August 2019 and 27 September 2019. The granting of the Covered Bond Guarantee 
and the establishment of the Programme has been duly authorised by the resolutions of the board of 
directors of the Guarantor dated 27 September 2019. 
Issuer Legal and Arbitration Proceedings 
There are no governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings which 
are pending or threatened, of which the Issuer is aware), which may have, or have had during the 12-
months prior to the date of this Base Prospectus, a significant effect on the financial position or 
profitability of the Issuer, its respective Subsidiaries. 
Guarantor Legal and Arbitration Proceedings 
There are no governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings which 
are pending or threatened, of which the Guarantor is aware), which may have, or have had since the 
date of its incorporation, a significant effect on the financial position or profitability of the Guarantor. 
Trend Information 
Since 31 December 2022, there has been no material adverse change in the prospects of Banca 
Popolare dell’Alto Adige and the BPAA Group. 
Since 31 December 2022 of the Guarantor, there has been no material adverse change in the 
prospects of the Guarantor. 
No Significant Change 
There has been no significant change in the financial performance or financial position of Banca 
Popolare dell’Alto Adige and the BPAA Group since 30 June 2023. 
There has been no significant change in the financial performance or financial position of the 
Guarantor since 31 December 2022. 
Minimum Denomination

--- Page 268 ---
268 
Where Covered Bonds issued under the Programme are admitted to trading on a regulated market 
within the European Economic Area or offered to the public in a Member State of the European 
Economic Area in circumstances which require the publication of a base prospectus under the 
Prospectus Regulation, such Covered Bonds will not have a denomination of less than Euro 100,000 
(or, where the Covered Bonds are issued in a currency other than Euro, the equivalent amount in 
such other currency). 
Publication on the Internet 
This Base Prospectus, any supplement hereto and the Final Terms will be available on the internet 
site of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, at www.luxse.com. 
Documents available for inspection 
For so long as the Programme remains in effect or any Covered Bonds shall be outstanding and 
admitted to trading on the regulated market or on the Professional Segment of the regulated market 
of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, copies and, where appropriate, English translations of the 
following documents may be inspected during normal business hours at the Specified Office of the 
Luxembourg Listing Agent, namely: 
(i) 
the Programme Documents; 
(ii) 
the Issuer’s memorandum of association (Atto Costitutivo) and by-laws (Statuto) as of the 
date 
hereof 
(which 
are 
available 
also 
on 
https://www.volksbank.it/it/corporate-
governance/documenti-societari); 
(iii) 
the Guarantor’s memorandum of association (Atto Costitutivo) and by-laws (Statuto) as of 
the date hereof (which are also available on https://www.volksbank.it/it/investor-
relations/covered-bonds); 
(iv) 
the audited non-consolidated annual financial statements of the Issuer as at and for the years 
ended 31 December 2021, together with the accompanying notes and auditors' report; 
(v) 
the audited non-consolidated annual financial statements of the Issuer as at and for the years 
ended 31 December 2022, together with the accompanying notes and auditors' report; 
(vi) 
the unaudited interim condensed non-consolidated financial statements of the Issuer as at and 
for the six months ended on 30 June 2023, together with the relevant review report ; 
(vii) 
the audited annual financial statements of the Guarantor as at and for the year ended 31 
December 2021; 
(viii) the audited annual financial statements of the Guarantor as at and for the year ended 31 
December 2022; 
(ix) 
a copy of this Base Prospectus together with any supplement thereto, if any, or further Base 
Prospectus; 
(x) 
any Final Terms relating to Covered Bonds which are admitted to listing, trading and/or 
quotation by any listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system. In the case of any 
Covered Bonds which are not admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by any listing 
authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system, copies of the relevant Final Terms will 
only be available for inspection by the relevant Covered Bondholders. 
Copies of all such documents shall also be available to Covered Bondholders at the Specified Office 
of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders.

--- Page 269 ---
269 
In any case, copy of this Base Prospectus together with any supplement thereto, if any, or further 
Base Prospectus will remain publicly available in electronic form for at least 10 years on 
https://www.volksbank.it/it/investor-relations. 
Auditors 
The financial statements of the Issuer have been audited without qualification for the years ended 31 
December 2021 and 31 December 2022 by KPMG S.p.A., Via Vittor Pisani, 27/31, 20124, Milan 
Italy, independent accountants.  
KPMG is registered on the Register of certified auditors (Registro dei revisori legali) held by the 
Ministry of Economy and Finance ("MEF") pursuant to Legislative Decree No. 39 of 27 January 
2010. 
Material Contracts 
Save for the Programme Documents described under section “Overview of the Programme 
Document” of this Base Prospectus, neither the Issuer nor the Guarantor nor any of their respective 
subsidiaries has entered into any contracts in the last two years outside the ordinary course of 
business that have been or may be reasonably expected to be material to their ability to meet their 
obligations to Covered Bondholders. 
Clearing of the Covered Bonds 
The Covered Bonds have been accepted for clearance through Monte Titoli, Euroclear and 
Clearstream. The appropriate common code and the International Securities Identification Number 
in relation to the Covered Bonds of each Series or Tranche will be specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. The relevant Final Terms shall specify any other clearing system as shall have accepted the 
relevant Covered Bonds for clearance together with any further appropriate information. 
Websites 
Any website included in this Base Prospectus (i) is for information purpose only, (ii) do not form 
part of this Base Prospectus unless that information is incorporated by reference into the prospectus 
and (iii) have not been scrutinized or approved by the competent authority in order to comply with 
Article 10(1) of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/979.

--- Page 270 ---
270 
 
GLOSSARY 
“Acceleration Notice” means the notice to be delivered by the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders to the Guarantor upon the occurrence of a Guarantor Event of Default. 
"Acceptance" means the notice sent by the Guarantor to the Subordinated Loan Provider, pursuant to 
clause 4.2 (Accettazione) of the Subordinated Loan Agreement, substantially in the form set out in 
schedule 2 (Accettazione) to the Subordinated Loan Agreement. 
"Account Bank" means BNP Paribas, Italian Branch, in its capacity as account bank, or any other 
depositary institution that may be appointed as such pursuant to the Cash Management and Agency 
Agreement. 
"Account Bank Report" means the report to be prepared and delivered by the Account Bank to the 
Guarantor, the Seller, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, the Servicer, the Issuer and the 
Guarantor Calculation Agent, in accordance with the Cash Management and Agency Agreement. 
“Account Bank Report Date” means the date falling on the first Business Day of each month.  
"Account Mandates" means the resolutions, instructions and signature authorities relating to each of 
the Accounts, given in accordance with clause 4 (Account Mandates) of the Cash Management and 
Agency Agreement. 
"Accounts" means, collectively, the Expense Account, the Collection Account, the Reserve Account, 
the Securities Account, the Guarantor Payments Account, the Collateral Cash Swap Account (if any), 
the Collateral Securities Swap Account (if any), the Liquidity Buffer Account (if any), the Liquidity 
Buffer Securities Account (if any) and any other account opened from time to time in connection with 
the Programme. 
"Additional Business Centre(s)" means the city or cities specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Additional Financial Centre(s)" means the city or cities specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
"Adjusted Outstanding Principal Balance" has the meaning ascribed to such term in clause 3.2 
(Amortisation Test Aggregate Loan Amount) of the Cover Pool Administration Agreement. 
"Affected Loan" has the meaning ascribed to such term under clause 2.6 (Asset Coverage Test) of the 
Cover Pool Administration Agreement. 
"Affected Receivables" has the meaning ascribe to such term under clause 8.1 (Pagamento 
dell'Indennizzo) of the Warranty and Indemnity Agreement. 
"Agents" means each of the Account Bank, the Cash Manager, the Guarantor Calculation Agent, the 
Test Calculation Agent, the Issuer Paying Agent, the Guarantor Paying Agent and the Corporate 
Servicer.  
"Amortisation Test" means the test which will be carried out pursuant clause 3 (Amortisation Test) of 
the Cover Pool Administration Agreement in order to ensure, inter alia, that, on each Test Calculation 
Date following the delivery of a Notice to Pay (but prior to the service to the Guarantor of an 
Acceleration Notice), the Amortisation Test Aggregate Loan Amount will be in an amount at least 
equal to the aggregate principal amount of the Covered Bonds as calculated on the relevant Test 
Calculation Date.

--- Page 271 ---
271 
"Amortisation Test Verification" has the meaning ascribed to such term under Clause 3.2.1 (Scope of 
Amortisation Test Verification) of the Asset Monitor Agreement. 
"Amortisation Test Aggregate Loan Amount" has the meaning ascribed to such term in clause 3.2 
(Amortisation Test Aggregate Loan Amount) of the Cover Pool Administration Agreement. 
"Article 74 Event" means, in respect of the Issuer, the issue of a resolution pursuant to Article 74 of 
the Banking Law. 
"Article 74 Event Cure Notice" means the notice to be served by the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders to the Issuer, the Guarantor and the Asset Monitor informing that an Article 74 Event has 
been revoked. 
"Asset Coverage Test" has the meaning ascribed to such term in clause 2.2.4 (Asset Coverage Test) of 
the Cover Pool Administration Agreement. 
"Asset Coverage Test Verification" has the meaning ascribed to such term under Clause 3.1.1 (Scope 
of Statutory Tests Verification and Asset Coverage Tests Verification) of the Asset Monitor Agreement. 
“Asset Monitor” means BDO Italia S.p.A., acting in its capacity as asset monitor, or any other entity 
that may be appointed as such pursuant to the Asset Monitor Agreement, as amended and restated from 
time to time. 
"Asset Monitor Agreement" means the asset monitor agreement entered into on or about the Initial 
Issue Date between, inter alios, the Asset Monitor and the Issuer, as amended and restated from time to 
time. 
"Asset Monitor Report" means the report to be prepared and delivered by the Asset Monitor to the 
Guarantor, the Test Calculation Agent, the Guarantor Calculation Agent, the Servicer, the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders and the Issuer in accordance with the Asset Monitor 
Agreement. 
"Asset Monitor Report Date" has the meaning ascribed to such term in clause 1.2 (Other Definitions) 
of the Asset Monitor Agreement. 
“Asset Percentage” means, on any Test Calculation Date and/or Monthly Test Calculation Date and/or 
on any other date on which the Asset Coverage Test is to be performed under this  Agreement or under 
other Programme Documents, as the case may be, the lower of (a) 88 per cent. and (b) such other 
percentage figure determined by the Issuer on behalf of the Guarantor (after procuring the level of 
overcollateralization in line with target rating), and notified by using the pro-forma notice attached 
under Schedule 1 of the Cover Pool Administration Agreement to the Guarantor, the Guarantor 
Calculation Agent, the Servicer, the Rating Agency, and the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders.  
"Authorised Signatory" means, in relation to the Seller or any other person, any person who is duly 
authorised and in respect of whom the Guarantor has received a certificate signed by a director or 
another Authorised Signatory of the Seller or such other person setting out the name and signature of 
such person and confirming such person's authority to act.  
"Availability Period" means the period starting on date of the signing of the Subordinated Loan 
Agreement and ending on the date on which all Series of Covered Bonds issued in the context of the 
Programme have been cancelled or redeemed in full in accordance with the respective Final Terms.

--- Page 272 ---
272 
“Available Funds” means, collectively, (a) the Interest Available Funds, (b) the Principal Available 
Funds and (c) the Excess Proceeds provided that the Available Funds do not include the Swap 
Collateral. 
"Back-Up Servicer" means the entity which may be appointed by the Guarantor, with the approval by 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders, pursuant to Clause 7 (Back-Up Servicer) of the Servicing 
Agreement. 
“Back-Up Servicer Facilitator” means Banca Finanziaria Internazionale S.p.A. (formerly 
Securitisation Services S.p.A.), or any such other entity as may be appointed pursuant to the Servicing 
Agreement; 
"Banking Law" means Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993 as amended and 
supplemented from time to time. 
"Bankruptcy Law" means Royal Decree No. 267 of 16 March 1942 as amended from time to time. 
“Base Interest” means the interest payable by the Guarantor to the Subordinated Loan Provider in 
accordance with the Subordinated Loan Agreement. 
"Base Prospectus" or “Prospectus” means the base prospectus prepared in connection with the issue 
of the Covered Bonds and the establishment and any update of the Programme, as supplemented from 
time to time.  
“Beneficiaries” means the Covered Bondholders and the Other Issuer Creditors as beneficiaries of the 
Covered Bond Guarantee. 
"BoI Regulations" (Regolamento della Banca d'Italia) means the supervisory guidelines of the Bank 
of Italy containing the "Disposizioni di vigilanza per le banche" relating to covered bonds 
(Obbligazioni Bancarie Garantite) set out in Part III, Chapter 3 of the Circolare No. 285 of 17 
December 2013, as replaced, amended and supplemented from time to time.  
"BPAA" means Banca Popolare dell’Alto Adige S.p.A. 
“BPAA Group” means jointly the banks and the other companies belonging from time to time to the 
Banca Popolare dell’Alto Adige S.p.A. banking group registered with the Bank of Italy pursuant to 
Article 64 of the Banking Law. 
"Business Day" means any day on which real time gross settlement system operated by the 
Eurosystem (T2) (or any successor thereto) is open. 
“Business Day Convention”, in relation to any particular date, has the meaning given in the relevant 
Final Terms and, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, may have different meanings in relation to 
different dates and, in this context, the following expressions shall have the following meanings: 
(i) 
"Following Business Day Convention" means that the Relevant Date shall be postponed to the 
first following day that is a Business Day; 
(ii) 
"Modified Following Business Day Convention" or "Modified Business Day Convention" 
means that the Relevant Date shall be postponed to the first following day that is a Business 
Day unless that day falls in the next calendar month in which case that date will be the first 
preceding day that is a Business Day; 
(iii) 
"Preceding Business Day Convention" means that the Relevant Date shall be brought back to 
the first preceding day that is a Business Day;

--- Page 273 ---
273 
(iv) 
"FRN Convention", "Floating Rate Convention" or "Eurodollar Convention" means that 
each Relevant Date shall be the date which numerically corresponds to the preceding such date 
in the calendar month which is the number of months specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
the Specified Period after the calendar month in which the preceding such date occurred 
provided, however, that: 
(a) 
if there is no such numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which any such 
date should occur, then such date will be the last day which is a Business Day in that 
calendar month; 
(b) 
if any such date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, then such date 
will be the first following day which is a Business Day unless that day falls in the next 
calendar month, in which case it will be the first preceding day which is a Business Day; 
and 
(c) 
if the preceding such date occurred on the last day in a calendar month which was a 
Business Day, then all subsequent such dates will be the last day which is a Business Day 
in the calendar month which is the specified number of months after the calendar month in 
which the preceding such date occurred; and 
(v) 
"No Adjustment" means that the Relevant Date shall not be adjusted in accordance with any 
Business Day Convention; 
"By-laws" means the by-laws of the Company, as amended from time to time. 
“Calculation Amount” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Calculation Period" means each Collection Period and, after the delivery of a Test Performance 
Report assessing that a breach of Test or the Liquidity Buffer Target Amount or the Minimum OC 
Requirement has occurred, each period beginning on (and including) the first day of the month and 
ending on (and including) the last day of the same calendar month until such time the relevant breach 
of Test or the Liquidity Buffer Target Amount or the Minimum OC Requirement has been cured or 
otherwise remedied in accordance with the Cover Pool Administration Agreement).  
"Cash Management and Agency Agreement" means the cash management and agency agreement, 
entered into on 10 October 2019 between, inter alios, the Guarantor, the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders, the Issuer Paying Agent, the Cash Manager, the Guarantor Paying Agent, the Guarantor 
Calculation Agent, the Test Calculation Agent and the Account Bank, as amended and restated from 
time to time. 
“Cash Manager” means Banca Popolare dell’Alto Adige S.p.A., acting as cash manager pursuant to 
the Cash Management and Agency Agreement. 
“Cash Manager Report” means the cash manager report provided by the Cash Manager in accordance 
with the Cash Management and Agency Agreement. 
“CB Interest Period” means each period beginning on (and including) a CB Payment Date (or, in case 
of the first CB Interest Period, the Interest Commencement Date) and ending on (but excluding) the 
next CB Payment Date (or, in case of the last CB Interest Period, the Maturity Date). 
"CB Payment Date" means any date or dates specified as such in, or determined in accordance with 
the provisions of, the relevant Final Terms and, if a Business Day Convention is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms: 
(i) 
as the same may be adjusted in accordance with the relevant Business Day Convention; or

--- Page 274 ---
274 
(ii) 
if the Business Day Convention is the FRN Convention, Floating Rate Convention or Eurodollar 
Convention and an interval of a number of calendar months is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as being the Specified Period, each of such dates as may occur in accordance with the 
FRN Convention, Floating Rate Convention or Eurodollar Convention at such Specified Period 
of calendar months following the Interest Commencement Date (in the case of the first CB 
Payment Date) or the previous CB Payment Date (in any other case). 
"Civil Code" means the Italian civil code, enacted by Royal Decree No. 262 of 16 March 1942. 
"Clearstream" means Clearstream Banking, société anonyme, Luxembourg. 
"Code of Civil Procedure" means the Italian code of civil procedure, enacted by Royal Decree No. 
1443 of 28 October 1940. 
"Collateral Security" means any security (including any loan mortgage insurance and excluding 
Mortgages) granted to the Seller by any Debtor in order to guarantee or secure the payment and/or 
repayment of any amounts due under the relevant Mortgage Loan Agreement or under the Relevant 
Public Entity Securities Documents. 
“Collection Account” means the Euro denominated account established in the name of the Guarantor 
with the Account Bank, IBAN IT 71 P 03479 01600 000802318400, or such other substitute account as 
may be opened in accordance with the Cash Management and Agency Agreement. 
"Collection Date" means the last calendar day of March, June, September and December of each year.  
"Collection Period" means each period from (but excluding) a Collection Date to (and including) the 
following Collection Date or, in respect of the first Collection Period, the period from (and including) 
the Valuation Date of the transfer of the Initial Portfolio to (and including) the Collection Date of 
December 2019. 
"Collections" means all amounts received or recovered by the Servicer in respect of the Receivables 
and/or the Public Entity Securities comprised in the Cover Pool. 
“Commission Delegated Regulation No. 979/2019” means the Commission Delegated Regulation 
(UE) No. 979/2019 of 14 March 2019, implementing the Prospectus Regulation, as supplemented and 
amended from time to time. 
“Commission Delegated Regulation No. 980/2019” means the Commission Delegated Regulation 
(UE) No. 980/2019 of 14 March 2019, implementing the Prospectus Regulation, as supplemented and 
amended from time to time.  
"Common Criteria" means the criteria listed in schedule 2 (Criteri Generali) to the Master Transfer 
Agreement.  
"Conditions" means the terms and conditions of the Covered Bonds and "Condition" means a clause 
of them. 
"CONSOB" means Commissione Nazionale per le Società e la Borsa. 
“Controller” means the entity or person appointed as controller of the processing of the personal data.  
"Corporate Maintenance Cost" means on each Guarantor Calculation Date, an amount equal to the 
aggregate of all costs and expenses incurred by the Guarantor in the day to day running of the 
Guarantor's business and for the preservation of the corporate existence of the Guarantor which are due 
and payable on the immediately following Guarantor Payment Date, including, without limitation, the

--- Page 275 ---
275 
fees, costs, expenses and all other amounts then due and payable to managers, statutory auditors and 
external auditors. 
"Corporate Servicer" means Banca Finanziaria Internazionale S.p.A. (formerly, Securitisation 
Services S.p.A.), acting in its capacity as corporate servicer of the Guarantor pursuant to the Corporate 
Services Agreement. 
"Corporate Services Agreement" means the corporate services agreement entered into on 10 October 
2019, between the Guarantor and the Corporate Servicer, pursuant to which the Corporate Servicer will 
provide certain administration services to the Guarantor , as amended and restated from time to time. 
"Cover Pool" means the cover pool constituted by, collectively, any Eligible Assets, Integration Assets 
and Liquid Assets held by the Guarantor in accordance with the provisions of the Law 130, as amended 
from time to time, the BoI Regulations, and the Article 129 of the CRR. 
"Cover Pool Administration Agreement" means the cover pool administration agreement entered 
into on 10 October 2019 between, inter alios, the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Seller, the Guarantor 
Calculation Agent, the Test Calculation Agent, the Asset Monitor and the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders, as amended and restated from time to time. 
“Cover Pool for Statutory Tests” means, for the purpose of the calculation of the Statutory Tests, the 
aggregate amount of Eligible Assets, Integration Assets and Liquid Assets, without any double 
counting  (including any sum standing to the credit of the Accounts) included in the Cover Pool 
provided that (i) any Deteriorated Financial Activity, any Defaulted Receivable and those Eligible 
Assets, Integration Assets and Liquid Assets in relation to which a breach of any of the representations 
and warranties contained in the Master Transfer Agreement has occurred and has not been remedied 
will be excluded, (ii) any Mortgage Loan in respect of which the LTV on the basis of the Latest 
Valuation exceed the percentage limit set forth under Article 129, paragraph 1, of the CRR, will be 
calculated up to an amount of principal which - taking into account the market value of the relevant 
Real Estate Asset - allows the compliance with such percentage limit , (iii) the aggregate of Integration 
Assets and/or Liquid Assets in excess of the Exposure Limit will not be considered for the purpose of 
calculation; and (iv) unsecured receivables, in case a default pursuant to article 178 of the CRR occurs, 
as provided by article 7-undecies, paragraph 2, letter a) of Law 130 will not be considered for the 
purpose of calculation. 
"Covered Bonds" means any and all the covered bonds (obbligazioni bancarie garantite) issued or to 
be issued by the Issuer pursuant to the terms and subject to the conditions of the Programme 
Agreement. 
"Covered Bond Guarantee" means the guarantee issued by the Guarantor for the purpose of 
guaranteeing the payments due by the Issuer to the Covered Bondholders and the Other Issuer’s 
Creditors, in accordance with the provisions of the Law 130, as amended from time to time and the BoI 
Regulations.  
"Covered Bond Instalment Date" means a date on which a principal instalment is due on a Series of 
Covered Bonds as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Covered Bond Regulations" means Law 130, the MEF Decree (until the Implementation Date), the 
BoI Regulations and Article 129 of CRR and any other applicable provision of CRR, as amended from 
time to time. 
“Covered Bond Swap Counterparty” means any institution which agrees to act as covered bond 
swap counterparty to the Guarantor under any Swap Agreement or other hedging agreements, if any,

--- Page 276 ---
276 
aimed at hedging certain interest rate risks and/or, if applicable, currency exposures in relation to the 
Guarantor’s obligations under the Covered Bonds, that may be entered into between the Guarantor and 
the relevant Covered Bond Swap Counterparty. 
"Covered Bondholders" means the holders from time to time of Covered Bonds, title to which is 
evidenced in the manner described in Condition 3 (Form, Denomination and Title).  
"Credit and Collection Policy" means the procedures for the management, collection and recovery of 
the Receivables attached as Schedule 1 (Procedure di Riscossione) to the Servicing Agreement.  
“CRR” means Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 
June 2013 on prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment firms, as amended and 
supplemented from time to time. 
"Criteria" means, collectively, the Common Criteria and the Specific Criteria. 
“Day Count Fraction” means, in respect of the calculation of an amount for any period of time (the 
“Relevant Period”), such day count fraction as may be specified in these Conditions or the relevant 
Final Terms and: 
(i) 
if "Actual/Actual (ICMA)" is so specified, means: 
(A) 
where the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Regular Period during which it 
falls, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by the product of (1) the actual 
number of days in such Regular Period and (2) the number of Regular Periods in any year; and 
(B) 
where the Calculation Period is longer than one Regular Period, the sum of: 
1. 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the Regular Period in which it 
begins divided by the product of (a) the actual number of days in such Regular Period and (b) the 
number of Regular Periods in any year; and 
2. 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next Regular Period divided 
by the product of (a) the actual number of days in such Regular Period and (b) the number of Regular 
Periods in any year; 
(ii) 
if "Actual/Actual (ISDA)" is so specified, means the actual number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of the Calculation Period falls in a leap year, the sum 
of (A) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a leap year 
divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period 
falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(iii) 
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is so specified, means the actual number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 365; 
(iv) 
if "Actual/360" is so specified, means the actual number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 360; 
(v) 
if "30/360" is so specified, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, 
calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
 
 
 
where:

--- Page 277 ---
277 
"Y1" 
is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
"Y2" 
is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
"M2" 
is the calendar month, expressed as number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" 
is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such number 
would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" 
is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included 
in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in which case D2 
will be 30; 
(vi) 
if "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is so specified, the number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
 
 
 
where: 
"Y1" 
is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
"Y2" 
is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" 
is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such number 
would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" 
is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in the 
Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30; and 
(vii) 
if "30E/360 (ISDA)" is so specified, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 
360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
 
 
where: 
"Y1" 
is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
"Y2" 
is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls;

--- Page 278 ---
278 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" 
is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is 
the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" 
is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in the 
Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the Maturity Date or (ii) such 
number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30, 
provided, however, that in each such case the number of days in the Calculation Period is 
calculated from and including the first day of the Calculation Period to but excluding the last 
day of the Calculation Period. 
"Dealer(s)" means Unicredit Bank AG and Erste Group Bank AG and any other entity which may be 
nominated as such by the Issuer upon execution of a letter in the terms or substantially in the terms set 
out in schedule 6 (Form of Dealer Accession Letter) to the Programme Agreement. 
"Debtor" means (i) in relation to the Receivables, any borrower and any other person, other than a 
Mortgagor, who entered into a Mortgage Loan Agreement as principal debtor or guarantor or who is 
liable for the payment or repayment of amounts due in respect of a Mortgage Loan, as a consequence, 
inter alia, of having granted any Collateral Security or having assumed the borrower's obligation 
pursuant to a Mortgage Loan Agreement under an accollo, or otherwise; and (ii) in relation to the 
Public Entity Securities, any entity, also different from the issuer of the Public Entity Security, who is 
liable for the payment of amounts due, as principal and interest, in respect of the Public Entity 
Security. 
"Decree 190" means the Italian Legislative Decree No. 190 of 5 November 2021, transposing 
Directive (EU) No. 2162/2019 into Italian law. 
"Decree No. 239" means Italian Legislative Decree number 239 of 1 April 1996. 
"Decree 461" means the Legislative Decree number 461 of 21 November 1997, as amended from time 
to time. 
"Deed of Charge" means the English law deed of charge entered into between the Guarantor and the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders (acting on behalf of the Covered Bondholders and the 
Other Creditors) in order to charge the rights arising under the Swap Agreements, as amended and 
restated from time to time. 
"Deed of Pledge" means the Italian law deed of pledge entered into on 10 October 2019, between, 
inter alios, the Guarantor and the Representative of the Covered Bondholders (acting on behalf of the 
Covered Bondholders and of the Other Creditors), as amended and restated and/or extended from time 
to time. 
"Defaulted Receivable" means a Receivable arising from a Mortgage Loan Agreement included in the 
Cover Pool which has been for at least 180 consecutive days In Arrears, or which has been classified as 
a credito in sofferenza pursuant to the Servicing Agreement. 
"Defaulting Party" has the meaning ascribed to that term in the relevant Swap Agreement.

--- Page 279 ---
279 
"Delinquent Receivable" means any Receivable arising from Mortgage Loan Agreements included in 
the Cover Pool in respect of which there are 1 (one) or more Instalments due and not paid by the 
relevant Debtor for more than 30 days and which has not been classified as Defaulted Receivable. 
“Deteriorated Financial Activity” or “DFA” means a Receivable classified as “attività finanziaria 
deteriorata” pursuant to Bank of Italy’s Circular n. 272 of 30 July 2008 stating the “Matrice dei 
Conti”, as subsequently amended and supplemented. 
"Determination Date" has the meaning given to it in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Discount Factor” means the discount rate, implied in the relevant Swap Curve, calculated by the Test 
Calculation Agent on each Test Calculation Date and/or Monthly Test Calculation Date and/or on each 
other day on which the relevant Tests are to be carried out pursuant to this Agreement and the other 
Programme Documents, as the case may be. 
"Documentation" means any documentation relating to the Receivables comprised in the Cover Pool. 
"Drawdown Date" means each date on which each Term Loan under the Subordinated Loan 
Agreement is made during the Availability Period, which is the date on which the purchase price of the 
Initial Portfolio or any New Portfolio is due by the Guarantor to BPAA pursuant to the Master Transfer 
Agreement. 
"Earliest Maturing Covered Bonds" means, at any time, the Series of Covered Bonds that has or 
have the earliest Maturity Date (if the relevant Series of Covered Bonds is not subject to an Extended 
Maturity Date) or Extended Maturity Date (if the relevant Series of Covered Bonds is subject to an 
Extended Maturity Date) as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Early Redemption Amount (Tax)” means, in respect of any Series of Covered Bonds, the principal 
amount of such Series or such other amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with, 
these Conditions. 
"Early Termination Amount" means, in respect of any Series of Covered Bonds, the principal 
amount of such Series or such other amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with, 
these Conditions or the relevant Final Terms. 
"Eligible Assets" means the Mortgage Loans. 
“Eligible Deposits” means the deposits held with banks having their registered office in Eligible States 
and qualify as Eligible Institution. 
“Eligible Institution” means any bank organised under the laws of any country which is a member of 
the European Union or of the United States (to the extent that United States are a country for which a 
0% risk weight is applicable in accordance with the Bank of Italy’s prudential regulations for banks – 
standardised approach), (i) whose short-term unsecured, unsubordinated and unguaranteed debt 
obligations are rated at least "F1" by Fitch or (ii) whose long-term unsecured, unsubordinated and 
unguaranteed debt obligations are rated at least “A" by Fitch or in case of Account Bank the Deposit 
Rating (if any) is least “A" by Fitch or any other lower rating that do not affect the current rating of the 
outstanding Covered Bonds, provided however that any such bank qualifies for the “credit quality step 
1” or the “credit quality step 2” pursuant to article 129, let. (c) of the CRR unless (a) it is an entity in 
the European Union and (b) the exposure vis-à-vis such bank have a maturity not exceeding 100 (one-
hundred) days, in which case it may qualify for the “credit quality step 3” pursuant to Article 129, let. 
(c) of the CRR.

--- Page 280 ---
280 
"Eligible Investment" means any senior (unsubordinated) debt securities or other debt instruments 
(including without limitation, commercial paper, certificate of deposits and bonds) which: 
a) are denominated in Euro; 
b) have a maturity not exceeding the next following Liquidation Date or which are repayable on 
demand at par together with accrued and unpaid interest, without penalty; 
c) (except in case of deposits) are in the form of bonds, notes, commercial papers or other financial 
instruments (i) rated at least A and/or F1 by Fitch, or in the absence of a Fitch rating, rated at least 
at the level equivalent to Fitch’s ‘AA-’ or ‘F1+’ by at least one other internationally recognised 
and regulatory approved rating agency, if the relevant maturity is up to the earlier of the next 
Liquidation Date and 30 calendar days, or (ii) rated AA- and/or F1+ by Fitch, if the relevant 
maturity is up to mature the earlier of the next Liquidation Date and 365 calendar days; or in the 
case of a deposits, to the extent that such deposit are held by (i) an Eligible Institution at its branch 
located in the Republic of Italy or in the United Kingdom if the relevant maturity is up to the 
earlier of the next Liquidation Date and 30 calendar days or (ii) any depository institution located 
in the Republic of Italy or in the United Kingdom rated AA- and/or F1+ by Fitch, if the relevant 
maturity is up to mature the earlier of the next Liquidation Date and 365 calendar days, provided 
that (i) such Eligible Investment shall not prejudice the rating assigned to each Series of Covered 
Bond and shall provide a fixed principal amount at maturity (such amount not being lower than the 
initially invested amount), (ii) in any event such debt securities or other debt instruments do not 
consist, in whole or in part, actually or potentially of credit-linked notes or similar claims nor may 
any amount available to the Guarantor in the context of the Programme otherwise be invested in 
asset-backed securities, irrespective of their subordination, status, or ranking at any time, and (iii) 
the relevant exposure qualifies for the “credit quality step 1” or “credit quality step 2”  pursuant to 
article 129, let. (c) of the CRR or, in case of exposure vis-à-vis an entity in the European Union 
which has a maturity not exceeding 100 (one-hundred) days, it may qualify for “credit quality step 
3” pursuant to Article 129, let. (c) of the CRR.  
“Eligible States” means any States belonging to the European Economic Space, Switzerland and any 
other State attracting a zero per cent. risk weight factor under the “Standardised Approach” provided 
for by Directive 2006/48/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2006 relating to 
the taking up and pursuit of the business of credit institutions. 
"EURIBOR" means the Euro-Zone Inter-Bank offered rate for Euro deposits, as determined from time 
to time pursuant to the Programme Documents. 
"Euro", "€" and "EUR" refer to the single currency of member states of the European Union which 
adopt the single currency introduced in accordance with the treaty establishing the European 
Community. 
"Euroclear" means Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V.. 
“Euro Equivalent” has the meaning ascribed to such term in clause 1.2 (Other Definitions) of the 
Cover Pool Administration Agreement. 
"European Economic Area" means the region comprised of member states of the European Union 
which adopt the Euro in accordance with the Treaty. 
“EU Directive on Covered Bonds” means Directive (EU) 2019/2162 of the European Parliament and 
of the Council of 27 November 2019 on the issue of covered bonds and covered bond public 
supervision and amending Directives 2009/65/EC and 2014/59/EU.

--- Page 281 ---
281 
“Excess Proceeds” means the amounts received by the Guarantor as a result of any enforcement taken 
vis-à-vis the Issuer in accordance with Article 7-quaterdecies of Law 130. 
"Excess Receivables" means, in relation to the Cover Pool and on each Test Calculation Date, those 
Receivables the aggregate Outstanding Principal of which is equal to: (i) any amount by reason of 
which the Portfolios comprised in the Cover Pool are in excess (as nominal value, interest coverage 
and net present value) of any Eligible Assets necessary to satisfy all Tests on the relevant Test 
Calculation Date; minus (ii) the aggregate Outstanding Principal of those Receivables indicated by the 
Servicer as Affected Receivables pursuant to the provisions of clause 8.1 (Payment of Indemnity) of the 
Warranty and Indemnity Agreement. 
“Execution Date” means the execution date of the Master Transfer Agreement, the Servicing 
Agreement, the Warranty and Indemnity Agreement and the Subordinated Loan Agreement.  
“Excluded Swap Termination Amount” means any termination payment due and payable by the 
Guarantor to a Covered Bond Swap Counterparty, where the Covered Bond Swap Counterparty is the 
Defaulting Party or the sole Affected Party pursuant to the relevant Swap Agreement. 
“Expected Maintenance and Administration Costs” has the meaning ascribed to such term under 
clause 1.2 (Other definitions) of the Cover Pool Administration Agreement. 
“Expense Required Amount” means Euro 40,000.00. 
"Expenses" means any documented fees, costs, expenses and taxes required to be paid to any third 
party creditors (other than the Covered Bondholders, the Other Issuer’s Creditors and the Other 
Creditors) arising in connection with the Programme, and required to be paid (as determined in 
accordance with the Corporate Services Agreement) in order to preserve the existence of the Guarantor 
or to comply with applicable laws and legislation. 
"Expenses Account" means the Euro denominated account established in the name of the Guarantor 
with the Account Bank, IBAN IT 48 Q 03479 01600 000802318401, or such other substitute account 
as may be opened in accordance with the Cash Management and Agency Agreement. 
"Expiry Date" means the date falling 1 (one) year and 1 (one) day after the date on which all Series of 
Covered Bonds issued in the context of the Programme have been cancelled or redeemed in full in 
accordance with their terms and conditions.  
"Exposure Limit" means the limits provided under Article 129, paragraph 1a (1-bis), let. (a), (b), (c) e 
(d) of CRR, provided that pursuant to Article 129, paragraph 3a (3-bis) of CRR, such limits shall not 
apply to “cessioni di ripristino” pursuant to the Master Loans Purchase Agreement for purposes of 
complying with the Nominal Value Test. 
"Extended Instalment Date" means the date on which a principal instalment in relation to a Series of 
Covered Bonds becomes due and payable pursuant to the extension of the relevant Covered Bond 
Instalment Date as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Extended Maturity Date" means the date on which final redemption payments in relation to a 
specific Series of Covered Bonds becomes due and payable pursuant to the extension of the relevant 
Maturity Date in accordance with the relevant Final Terms. 
"Extension Determination Date" means the date falling 7 Business Days after the expiry of the 
Maturity Date of the relevant Tranche or Series of Covered Bonds. 
"Extraordinary Resolution" has the meaning ascribed to such term in the Rules of Organisation of the 
Covered Bondholders attached to the Conditions.

--- Page 282 ---
282 
"Final Maturity Date" means the date on which all the Series of Covered Bond are redeemed in full 
or cancelled. 
“Final Redemption Amount” means, in respect of any Series of Covered Bonds, the principal amount 
of such Series or such other amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with, the 
relevant Final Terms. 
"Final Terms" means, in relation to any issue of any Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds, the relevant 
terms contained in the applicable Programme Documents and, in case of any Series of Covered Bonds 
to be admitted to listing, the final terms submitted to the appropriate listing authority on or before the 
Issue Date of the applicable Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds. 
"Financial Law" means Legislative Decree number 58 of 24 February 1998 as amended from time to 
time. 
“First CB Payment Date” means the date specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
“First Guarantor Payment Date” means the Guarantor Payment Date falling in January 2020. 
"First Interest Period" means, in relation to any Term Loan, the period starting on the relevant 
Drawdown Date and ending on the First Guarantor Payment Date. 
"Fitch" means Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited Sede Secondaria Italiana. 
"FSMA" means the Financial Service and Markets Act 2000.  
"Fixed Coupon Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
“GDPR” means Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 April 
2016 on the protection of natural persons with regard to the processing of personal data and on the free 
movement of such data, and repealing Directive 95/46/EC. 
"Guaranteed Amounts" means the amounts due from time to time from the Issuer to (i) the Covered 
Bondholders with respect to each Series of Covered Bonds (excluding any additional amounts payable 
to the Covered Bondholders under Condition 9(a) (Grossup by the Issuer)) and (ii) the Other Issuer 
Creditors pursuant to the relevant Programme Documents.  
"Guaranteed Obligations" means the Issuer's payments obligations with respect to the Guaranteed 
Amounts. 
"Guarantor" or the “Company” means VOBA CB S.r.l., acting in its capacity as guarantor pursuant 
to the Covered Bond Guarantee. 
“Guarantor Calculation Agent” means Banca Finanziaria Internazionale S.p.A. acting as guarantor 
calculation agent, or any such other entity as may be appointed pursuant to the Cash Management and 
Agency Agreement; 
“Guarantor Calculation Date” means both prior to and after the delivery of an Acceleration Notice, 
the date falling on the fourth Business Day immediately preceding each Guarantor Payment Date. 
"Guarantor Event of Default" has the meaning given to it in Condition 10(d) (Guarantor Events of 
Default). 
"Guarantor Paying Agent" means BNP Paribas, Italian Branch, acting in its capacity as guarantor 
paying agent, or any such other institution as may be appointed pursuant to the Cash Management and 
Agency Agreement.

--- Page 283 ---
283 
"Guarantor Payment Date" means (a) prior to the delivery of an Acceleration Notice, the 27th day of 
each month of January, April, July and October, or if that day is not a Business Day, the immediately 
following Business Day; the first Guarantor Payment Date will fall in January 2020; and (b) following 
the delivery of an Acceleration Notice, any day on which any payment is required to be made by the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders in accordance with the Post-Guarantor Event of Default 
Priority of Payments, the relevant Final Terms and the Intercreditor Agreement. 
"Guarantor Payment Period" means any period commencing on (and including) a Guarantor 
Payment Date and ending on (but excluding) the immediately following Guarantor Payment Date. 
"Guarantor Payments Account" means the Euro denominated account established in the name of the 
Guarantor and held with the Account Bank, IBAN IT 02 S 03479 01600 000802318403 or such other 
substitute account as may be opened in accordance with the Cash Management and Agency 
Agreement. 
"Guarantor's Rights" means the Guarantor's rights under the Programme Documents. 
"IFRS" means the International Financial Reporting and Accounting Standards issued by the 
International Accounting Standard Board (IASB). 
"Implementation Date" (Data di Attuazione) means 31 March 2023, it being the date into which the 
Implementing Provisions issued by the Bank of Italy entered into force. 
"Implementing Provisions" (Disposizioni Attuative) means the implementing provisions amending the 
BoI Regulations issued by the Bank of Italy pursuant to Law 130.  
“In Arrears” means, in respect of any Mortgage Loans, any amount which has become due and 
payable by the relevant obligor or guarantor but has remained unpaid for more than five consecutive 
Business Days. 
"Individual Purchase Price" means, with respect to each Receivable or, as applicable, Public Entity 
Security or Liquid Assets transferred pursuant to the Master Transfer Agreement: (i) the Ultimo Valore 
di Iscrizione in Bilancio (as defined under the Master Definition Agreement) of the relevant Receivable 
or Public Entity Security or Liquid Asset  minus all principal and interest collections (with respect only 
to the amounts of interest which constitute the Ultimo Valore di Iscrizione in Bilancio) received by the 
Seller with respect to the relevant Receivables or Public Entity Security or Liquid Assets from the date 
of the most recent financial statements of the Seller up to the relevant Transfer Date (included) and 
increased of the amount of interest accrued and not yet collected on such Receivables or Public Entity 
Security or Liquid Assets during the same period; or, at the option of the Seller (ii) such other value, as 
indicated by the Seller in the Transfer Notice, as will allow the Seller to consider each duty or tax due 
as if the relevant Receivables or Public Entity Security or Liquid Assets had not been transferred for 
the purpose of article 7-bis, sub-paragraph 7, of Law 130 with respect to Public Entity Credits or 
Securities or Liquid Assets transferred prior to the Implementation Date or, with respect to Public 
Entity Credits or Securities or Liquid Assets transferred on or after the Implementation Date, Article 7-
viciester of Law 130.  
"Initial Issue Date" means the date on which the Issuer issued the first Series of Covered Bonds. 
"Initial Portfolio" means the portfolio of Initial Receivables purchased by the Guarantor from the 
Seller pursuant to the Master Transfer Agreement. 
“Initial Receivables” means the initial Receivables comprising certain Eligible Assets included in the 
Initial Portfolio.

--- Page 284 ---
284 
"Insolvency Event" means in respect of any company, entity, or corporation that: 
(i) 
such company, entity or corporation has become subject to any applicable bankruptcy, liquidation, 
administration, insolvency, insolvency-like proceedings, composition with creditors,  insolvent 
reorganization, 
turnaround/insolvency 
tools 
(strumenti 
di 
regolazione 
della 
crisi 
e 
dell’insolvenza) or negotiated settlement procedure (including, without limitation, “liquidazione 
giudiziale”, "liquidazione coatta amministrativa", “piani di risanamento”, “accordi di 
ristrutturazione del debito”, “piano di ristrutturazione soggetto ad omologazione”, “composizione 
negoziata della crisi”, and "concordato semplificato” and (other than in respect of the Issuer) 
"amministrazione straordinaria", each such expression bearing the meaning ascribed to it by the 
laws of the Republic of Italy, and including the seeking of liquidation, division, winding-up, 
reorganisation, dissolution, administration) or similar proceedings or the whole or any substantial 
part of the undertaking or assets of such company, entity or corporation are subject to a 
pignoramento or any procedure having a similar effect (other than in the case of the Guarantor, 
any portfolio of assets purchased by the Guarantor for the purposes of further programme of 
issuance of Covered Bonds), unless in the opinion of the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders (who may in this respect rely on the advice of a legal adviser selected by it), such 
proceedings are being disputed in good faith with a reasonable prospect of success; or 
(ii) an application for the commencement of any of the proceedings under (i) above is made in respect 
of or by such company or corporation or such proceedings are otherwise initiated against such 
company, entity or corporation and, in the opinion of the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders (who may in this respect rely on the advice of a legal adviser selected by it), the 
commencement of such proceedings are not being disputed in good faith with a reasonable 
prospect of success; or 
(iii) such company, entity or corporation takes any action for a re-adjustment or deferment of any of 
its obligations or makes a general assignment or an arrangement or composition with or for the 
benefit of its creditors (other than, in case of the Guarantor, the creditors under the Programme 
Documents) or is granted by a competent court a moratorium in respect of any of its indebtedness 
or any guarantee of any indebtedness given by it or applies for suspension of payments (other 
than, in respect of the Issuer, the issuance of a resolution pursuant to article 74 of the Banking 
Law); or 
(iv) an order is made or an effective resolution is passed for the winding-up, liquidation or dissolution 
in any form of such company, entity or corporation or any of the events under article 2448 of the 
Italian Civil Code occurs with respect to such company, entity or corporation (except in any such 
case a winding-up or other proceeding for the purposes of or pursuant to a solvent amalgamation 
or reconstruction, the terms of which have been previously approved in writing by the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders); or 
(v) such company, entity or corporation becomes subject to any proceedings equivalent or analogous 
to those above under the law of any jurisdiction in which such company or corporation is deemed 
to carry on business. 
"Insolvency Official" means the official receiver appointed in the context of any insolvency procedure 
which may be opened following the occurrence of an Insolvency Event. 
"Instalment" means with respect to each Mortgage Loan Agreement, each instalment due from the 
relevant Debtor thereunder and which consists of an Interest Instalment and a Principal Instalment.

--- Page 285 ---
285 
"Instalment Amount" means the principal amount of a Series of Covered Bonds to be redeemed on a 
Covered Bond Instalment Date as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Instalment Extension Determination Date" means, with respect to any Covered Bond Instalment 
Date, the date falling 2 Business Days after the expiry of seven days from (and including) such 
Covered Bond Instalment Date. 
"Insurance Companies" means the companies with whom the Insurance Policies are held. 
"Insurance Policies" means the insurance policies taken out with the Insurance Companies in relation 
to each Real Estate Asset and each Mortgage Loan. 
"Integration Assets" means: 
(i) 
Eligible Deposits;  
(ii) 
securities issued by banks residing in Eligible States (as defined below) with residual maturity 
not longer than one year, in each case, meeting the requirements set out in the definition of 
Eligible Investments; and 
(iii) 
 the Public Entity Securities, 
provided that the assets referred to in items (i), (ii) and (iii) above are qualified as eligible assets 
pursuant to Article 7-novies of Law 130. 
"Intercreditor Agreement" means the intercreditor agreement entered into on or about the Initial 
Issue Date between the Guarantor and the Other Creditors, as amended and restated from time to time. 
“Interest Amount” means, in relation to any Series of Covered Bonds and an CB Interest Period, the 
amount of interest payable in respect of that Series for that CB Interest Period. 
“Interest Available Funds” means, on each Guarantor Payment Date, the aggregate of: 
a) any interest collected by the Servicer in respect of the Cover Pool and credited into the Collection 
Account during the Collection Period preceding the relevant Guarantor Payment Date;  
b) all interest deriving from the Eligible Investments made with reference to the immediately 
preceding Collection Period; 
c) all recoveries in the nature of interest and penalties received by the Servicer and credited to the 
Collection Account during the Collection Period preceding the relevant Guarantor Payment Date;  
d) all amounts of interest accrued (net of any withholding or expenses, if due) and paid on the 
Accounts during the Collection Period preceding the relevant Guarantor Payment Date;  
e) any amounts other than in respect of principal received under the Swap Agreements (other than 
any Swap Collateral); 
f) any swap termination payments received from a Covered Bond Swap Counterparty under a Swap 
Agreement, provided that, prior to the occurrence of a Guarantor Event of Default, such amounts 
will first be used to pay a Replacement Covered Bond Swap Counterparty to enter into a 
Replacement Swap Agreement, unless a Replacement Swap Agreement has already been entered 
into by or on behalf of the Guarantor;  
g) prior to the service of a Notice to Pay on the Guarantor amounts standing to the credit of the 
Reserve Account in excess of the Required Reserve Amount and following the service of a Notice 
to Pay on the Guarantor, any amounts standing to the credit of the Reserve Account;

--- Page 286 ---
286 
h) any amounts (other than the amounts already allocated under other items of the Interest Available 
Funds or Principal Available Funds) received by the Guarantor from any party to the Programme 
Documents during the immediately preceding Collection Period; 
i) the interest amount recovered by the Guarantor from the Issuer after the enforcement of the 
Covered Bond Guarantee during the immediately preceding Collection Period. 
“Interest Commencement Date” means in relation to any Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds, the 
Issue Date of such Covered Bonds or such other date as may be specified as the Interest 
Commencement Date in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Interest Coverage Test" has the meaning ascribed to such term in clause 2.2.3 (Interest Coverage 
Test) of the Cover Pool Administration Agreement. 
“Interest Determination Date” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms.  
"Interest Instalment" means the interest component of each Instalment. 
"Investor Report Date" means 2 Business Days after each Guarantor Payment Date. 
"Investor Reports" means the report to be prepared and delivered by the Guarantor Calculation Agent 
on or prior to the Investors Report Date, to the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Seller, the Representative of 
the Covered Bondholders, the Rating Agency, the Servicer, the Guarantor Paying Agent and the Issuer 
Paying Agent, setting out certain information with respect to the Covered Bond and the Cover Pool. 
“ISDA Definitions” means the 2006 ISDA Definitions, as amended and updated as at the date of issue 
of the first Tranche of the Covered Bonds of the relevant Series (as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms) as published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc.. 
"Issue Date" has the meaning ascribed to such term, with respect to each Series of Covered Bonds, in 
the relevant Final Terms. 
"Issuer" means Banca Popolare dell’Alto Adige S.p.A., acting in its capacity as issuer pursuant to the 
Programme Agreement. 
"Issuer Downgrading Event" means the Issuer being downgraded below “BBB” or “F2” by the 
Rating Agency. 
"Issuer Event of Default" has the meaning given to it in Condition 10(a) (Issuer Events of Default). 
 “Issuer’s Investor Report” means the investor report provided by the Test Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the Cash Management and Agency Agreement. 
“Issuer’s Investor Report Date” means the date which falls six Business Days prior to the Guarantor 
Payment Date falling in January and July of each year, it being understood that the first Issuer’s 
Investors Report Date will be on 20 January 2020. 
"Issuer Paying Agent" means BPAA, acting in its capacity as issuer paying agent, or any such other 
institution as may be appointed pursuant to the Cash Management and Agency Agreement. 
“Italian Insolvency Code” means the Italian Legislative Decree no. 14 of 12 January 2019 (Codice 
della crisi d’impresa e dell’insolvenza), as amended, supplemented or replaced from time to time. 
“Joint Arrangers” means Unicredit Bank AG and Banca Finanziaria Internazionale S.p.A.. 
"Latest Valuation" means, at any time with respect to any Real Estate Asset the most recent valuation 
of the relevant property performed in accordance with the Prudential Regulation, including Section III, 
paragraph 1.1 of the BoI Regulations.

--- Page 287 ---
287 
"Law 130" means Italian Law No. 130 of 30 April 1999 as amended and supplemented from time to 
time. 
"Liabilities" means in respect of any person, any losses, damages, costs, charges, awards, claims, 
demands, expenses, judgments, actions, proceedings or other liabilities whatsoever including legal fees 
and any taxes and penalties incurred by that person, together with any VAT or similar tax charged or 
chargeable in respect of any sum referred in this definition. 
"Liquid Assets" means the assets referred to Article 7-duodecies, paragraph 2, letters (a) and (b) of 
Law 130, provided that such assets meet the requirements to qualify as eligible assets under Article 
129 of the CRR and Law 130“Liquidation Date” means the fifth Business Days before each 
Guarantor Payment Date. 
“Liquidity Buffer Account" means the account that may be opened in the name of the Guarantor with 
the Account Bank in accordance with the Cash Management and Agency Agreement. 
"Liquidity Buffer Securities Account” means the securities account that may be opened in the name 
of the Guarantor with the Account Bank in accordance with Cash Management and Agency 
Agreement. 
"Liquidity Buffer Target Amount" means the liquidity buffer requirement pursuant to Article 7-
duodecies of Law 130, as set out in the Cover Pool Administration Agreement. 
"Loan Event of Default" means any of the events specified as such in clause 8 (Eventi Rilevanti - 
Decadenza dal Beneficio del Termine) of the Subordinated Loan Agreement.  
"LTV" means, with respect to a Mortgage Loan, the Loan-to-Value ratio, determined as the ratio 
between the value of the relevant Mortgage Loan and the value of a Real Estate Asset in accordance 
with the BoI Regulations and any other applicable prudential regulation. 
"Luxembourg Listing Agent" means BNP Paribas, Luxembourg Branch. 
"Mandate Agreement" means the mandate agreement entered into on or about 10 October 2019 
between the Representative of the Covered Bondholders and the Guarantor, as amended and restated 
from time to time. 
"Margin" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Master Definitions Agreement" means this Agreement. 
"Master Transfer Agreement" means the master transfer agreement entered into on 1 October 2019 
between the Guarantor and the Seller, as amended and restated from time to time. 
"Maturity Date" means each date on which final redemption payments for a Series of Covered Bonds 
become due in accordance with the Final Terms but subject to it being extended to the Extended 
Maturity Date. 
"Maximum Guaranteed Amount" means the amount to be notified by the Guarantor prior to the 
Initial Issue Date, or any increase thereof from time to time pursuant to Clause 3 of the Covered Bond 
Guarantee. 
“Maximum Redemption Amount” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Member State” means a member State of the European Union. 
“Maximum Rate of Interest” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 288 ---
288 
"MEF Decree" means the ministerial MEF Decree of 14 December 2006 issued by the Ministry of the 
Economy and Finance, repealed by the Decree 190.  
“Minimum OC Requirement” means 5% minimum level of overcollateralization as per Article 129 
of the CRR. 
“Minimum Rate of Interest” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Minimum Redemption Amount” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Monte Titoli" means Monte Titoli S.p.A., (commercial name “Euronext Securities Milan”) a società 
per azioni having its registered office at Piazza Affari, 6, 20123 Milan, Italy. 
"Monte Titoli Account Holders" means any authorised financial intermediary institution entitled to 
hold accounts on behalf of its customers with Monte Titoli (as intermediari aderenti) in accordance 
with Article 83-quater of the Financial Law. 
"Monthly Collection Period" means each monthly period beginning on the first day of each month 
(included) and ending on the last day of each month (included), except that the first Monthly 
Collection Period shall commence on the Valuation Date (included) related to the Initial Portfolio and 
end to 31 October 2019 (included). 
"Monthly Servicer's Report" means the monthly report prepared by the Servicer on each Monthly 
Servicer’s Report Date and containing details on the Collections of the Receivables during the relevant 
Collection Period, prepared in accordance with the Servicing Agreement and delivered by the Servicer, 
inter alios, to the Guarantor and the Asset Monitor. 
"Monthly Servicer's Report Date" means (a) prior to the delivery of an Acceleration Notice, the date 
falling on the 12th calendar day of each month of each year, or if such day is not a Business Day, the 
immediately following Business Day; and (b) following the delivery of an Acceleration Notice, such 
date as may be indicated by the Representative of the Covered Bondholders.   
“Monthly Test Calculation Date” means, following the delivery of a Test Performance Report 
assessing that a breach of Test and/or the Liquidity Buffer Target Amount and/or Minimum OC 
Requirement has occurred, the 20th day of the month immediately following the date of such Test 
Performance Report and, thereafter, the 20th day of each month until the end of the relevant Test Grace 
Period in accordance with the Cover Pool Administration Agreement, or, if any such day is not a 
Business Day, the immediately following Business Day.  
"Mortgage Loan" means (i) any residential mortgage loan which has an LTV that does not exceed 80 
per cent. and for which the hardening period with respect to the perfection of the relevant mortgage has 
elapsed, pursuant to article 2, sub-paragraph 1, of MEF Decree; and (ii) from the Implementation Date, 
any residential mortgage loan that meet the requirements of Article 129, paragraph 1, let. (d) of the 
CRR and Article 7-novies of Law 130. 
"Mortgage Loan Agreement" means any mortgage loan agreement out of which the Receivables arise 
and secured by Mortgage over Real Estate Assets. 
"Mortgages" means the mortgage security interests (ipoteche) created on the Real Estate Assets 
pursuant to Italian law in order to secure claims in respect of the Receivables. 
"Mortgagor" means any person, either a borrower or a third party, who has granted a Mortgage in 
favour of the Seller to secure the payment or repayment of any amounts payable in respect of a 
Mortgage Loan, and/or his/her successor in interest.

--- Page 289 ---
289 
"Negative Carry Factor" means “0.5%” or such higher percentage procured by the Issuer on behalf of 
the Guarantor and notified to the Representative of the Covered Bondholders and to the Test 
Calculation Agent.  
“Net Interest Collections from the Cover Pool for Statutory Test” has the meaning ascribed to such 
term under Clause 2.5(Interest Coverage Test) of the Cover Pool Administration Agreement.  
"Net Liquidity Outflow" has the meaning ascribed to such term in clause 1.2 (Other definitions) of the 
Cover Pool Administration Agreement. 
"Net Present Value Test" has the meaning ascribed to such term in clause 2.2.2 (Net Present Value 
Test) of the Cover Pool Administration Agreement. 
"Net Present Value of the Cover Pool for Statutory Tests" has the meaning ascribed to such term in 
clause 2.4 (Net Present Value Test) of the Cover Pool Administration Agreement. 
"New Portfolio" means any portfolio of Receivables (other than the Initial Portfolio), comprising 
Eligible Assets, Integration Assets and  Liquid Assets, as applicable, which may be purchased by the 
Guarantor from the Seller pursuant to the terms and subject to the conditions of the Master Transfer 
Agreement.  
"Negative Test Performance Report" means a Test Performance Report delivered by the Test 
Calculation Agent in which a breach of any Statutory Tests or Amortisation Test is reported.  
"Nominal Value" has the meaning ascribed to such term in clause 2.3.1 (Nominal Value) of the Cover 
Pool Administration Agreement. 
"Nominal Value Test" has the meaning ascribed to such term in clause 2.2.1 (Nominal Value Test) of 
the Cover Pool Administration Agreement.  
"Notice to Pay " has the meaning ascribed to such term in Condition 10(a) (Issuer Event of Default). 
"Obligations" means all the obligations of the Guarantor created by or arising under the Programme 
Documents. 
"OFAC Regulations" means the rules and regulations enforced by the Office of Foreign Assets 
Control of the U.S. Department of the Treasury (OFAC).  
"Offer Date" means, with respect to each New Portfolio, the date falling 2 (two) Business Days prior 
to each Transfer Date, pursuant to clause 3.1 (Offerta) of the Master Transfer Agreement. 
"Official Gazette of the Republic of Italy" or "Official Gazette" means the Gazzetta Ufficiale della 
Repubblica Italiana. 
“Optional Redemption Amount (Call)” means, in respect of any Series of Covered Bonds, the 
principal amount of such Series or such other amount as may be specified in, or determined in 
accordance with, the Conditions. 
"Optional Redemption Amount (Put)" means, in respect of any Series of Covered Bonds, the 
principal amount of such Series or such other amount as may be specified in, or determined in 
accordance with, the Conditions. 
"Optional Redemption Date (Call)" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms.  
"Optional Redemption Date (Put)" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Organisation of the Covered Bondholders" means the association of the Covered Bondholders, 
organised pursuant to the Rules of the Organisation of the Covered Bondholders.

--- Page 290 ---
290 
"Other Creditors" means the Issuer, the Seller, the Subordinated Loan Provider, the Servicer, the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders, the Guarantor Calculation Agent, the Test Calculation 
Agent, the Corporate Servicer, the Issuer Paying Agent, the Guarantor Paying Agent, the Account 
Bank, the Asset Monitor, the Covered Bond Swap Counterparty, the Portfolio Manager (if any), the 
Cash Manager and any other creditors which may, from time to time, be identified as such in the 
context of the Programme.  
"Other Issuer Creditors" means any entity - other than the Issuer - acting as Issuer Paying Agent, any 
Covered Bond Swap Counterparty, the Asset Monitor and any other Issuer's creditor which may from 
time to time be identified as such in the context of the Programme. 
"Outstanding Principal" means, on any given date and in relation to any Receivable, the sum of all (i) 
Principal Instalments due but unpaid at such date; and (ii) the Principal Instalments not yet due at such 
date. 
"Outstanding Principal Amount" means, on any date in respect of any Series of Covered Bonds or, 
where applicable, in respect of all Series of Covered Bonds: 
(i) 
the principal amount of such Series or, where applicable, all such Series upon issue; minus 
(ii) 
the aggregate amount of all principal which has been repaid prior to such date in respect of 
such Series or, where applicable, all such Series and, solely for the purposes of Title II 
(Meetings of the Covered Bondholders) of the Rules of the Organisation of Covered 
Bondholders, the principal amount of any Covered Bonds in such Series of (where applicable) 
all such Series held by, or by any Person for the benefit of, the Issuer or the Guarantor. 
"Outstanding Principal Balance" means on any date, (i) in relation to a loan or any other asset 
included in the Cover Pool, the aggregate nominal principal amount outstanding of such loan or asset 
at such date, and (ii) in relation to the Covered Bonds, the aggregate nominal principal amount 
outstanding of such Covered Bonds at such date as the case may be. 
"Partial Portfolio" has the meaning ascribed to such term under Clause 8.5 (Sale of Partial Portfolio) 
of the Cover Pool Administration Agreement. 
"Paying Agents" means the Issuer Paying Agent and the Guarantor Paying Agent. 
"Payment Holiday" means in respect of a Mortgage Loan, the period of deferral of the payment of its 
interest and/or principal instalments in accordance with (i) the application of moratoria provisions from 
time to time granted to Debtors by any laws, agreements between Italian banking associations and 
national consumer associations, the Bank of Italy or other regulatory bodies regulations, or (ii) the 
agreement reached by the Servicer and the Debtors.  
"Payments Report" means the report to be prepared and delivered by the Guarantor Calculation Agent 
pursuant to the Cash Management and Agency Agreement on each Guarantor Calculation Date.  
"Person" means any individual, company, corporation, firm, partnership, joint venture, association, 
organisation, state or agency of a state or other entity, whether or not having separate legal personality. 
"Place of Payment" means, in respect of any Covered Bondholders, the place at which such Covered 
Bondholder receives payment of interest or principal on the Covered Bonds. 
"Portfolio" means, collectively, the Initial Portfolio and any New Portfolio which has been purchased 
and will be purchased by the Guarantor pursuant to the Master Transfer Agreement.

--- Page 291 ---
291 
"Portfolio Manager" means the entity appointed as such in accordance with clause 5.6 (Portfolio 
Manager) of the Cover Pool Administration Agreement. 
"Post-Issuer Event of Default Priority of Payments" means the order of priority pursuant to which 
the Available Funds shall be applied, on each Guarantor Payment Date following the delivery of a 
Notice to Pay, but prior to the delivery of an Acceleration Notice, in accordance with the terms of the 
Intercreditor Agreement. 
“Post-Guarantor Event of Default Priority of Payments” means the order of priority pursuant to 
which the Available Funds shall be applied on each Guarantor Payment Date, following the delivery of 
an Acceleration Notice, in accordance with the Intercreditor Agreement. 
"Post Default Notice Report" means the report setting out all the payments to be made on the 
following Guarantor Payment Date under the Post-Guarantor Event of Default Priority of Payments 
which, following the occurrence of a Guarantor Event of Default and the delivery of an Acceleration 
Notice, shall be prepared and delivered by the Guarantor Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
Cash Management and Agency Agreement.  
"Potential Set-Off Amount" means (a) if no Issuer Downgrading Event has occurred or is outstanding 
an amount equal to 0 (zero) or (b) if an Issuer Downgrading Event has occurred and is outstanding, an 
amount of the Cover Pool that could potentially be set-off by the relevant Debtors against any credit 
owed by any such Debtor towards the Seller. Such amount will be calculated by the Test Calculation 
Agent (based on the aggregate information provided by the Servicer) on a quarterly basis on each Test 
Calculation Date and/or on each other date on which the Asset Coverage Test is to be carried out 
pursuant to the provisions of the Cover Pool Administration Agreement.  
"Pre-Issuer Event of Default Interest Priority of Payments" means the order of priority pursuant to 
which the Interest Available Funds shall be applied on each Guarantor Payment Date, prior to the 
delivery of a Notice to Pay in accordance with the Intercreditor Agreement. 
"Pre-Issuer Event of Default Principal Priority of Payments" means the order of priority pursuant 
to which the Principal Available Funds shall be applied on each Guarantor Payment Date, prior to the 
delivery of a Notice to Pay in accordance with the Intercreditor Agreement. 
"Premium Interest" means the premium payable by the Guarantor to the Seller in accordance with the 
Subordinated Loan Agreement, as determined thereunder.  
"Principal Available Funds" means in respect of any Guarantor Payment Date, the aggregate of, 
without duplication: 
(a) 
all principal amounts collected by the Servicer in respect of the Cover Pool and credited to the 
Collection Account during the Collection Period preceding the relevant Guarantor Payment 
Date;  
(b) 
all other recoveries in the nature of principal collected by the Servicer and credited to the 
Collection Account during the Collection Period preceding the relevant Guarantor Payment 
Date;  
(c) 
all proceeds deriving from the sale, if any, of the Eligible Assets, Integration Assets or Liquid 
Assets during the Collection Period preceding the relevant Guarantor Payment Date; 
(d) 
without duplication with other items of this definition, all principal proceeds deriving from the 
liquidation of Eligible Investments during the Collection Period preceding the relevant 
Guarantor Payment Date;

--- Page 292 ---
292 
(e) 
any other principal amounts standing to the credit of the Accounts as of the immediately 
preceding Collection Date; 
(f) 
all amounts in respect of principal (if any) received under any Swap Agreement (other than the 
Swap Collateral);  
(g) 
any amounts to be transferred pursuant to item (vi) of the Pre-Issuer Event of Default Interest 
Priority of Payments; 
(h) 
any amounts (other than the amounts already allocated under other items of the Interest 
Available Funds or the Principal Available Funds) received by the Guarantor from any party to 
the Programme Documents during the immediately preceding Collection Period; 
(i) 
principal amount recovered by the Guarantor from the Issuer after the enforcement of the 
Covered Bond Guarantee during the immediately preceding Collection Period; 
(j) 
any amount paid under the Subordinated Loan and not repaid, standing to the credit of the 
Collection Accounts; 
(k) 
following a Notice to Pay, and before an Acceleration Notice, all principal amounts standing to 
the credit of the Liquidity Buffer Account as at the relevant Guarantor Calculation Date. 
“Principal Financial Centre” means, in relation to any currency, the principal financial centre for that 
currency provided, however, that: 
(i) 
in relation to Euro, it means the principal financial centre of such Member State of the European 
Communities as is selected (in the case of a payment) by the payee or (in the case of a 
calculation) by the Guarantor Calculation Agent; and 
(ii) 
in relation to Australian dollars, it means either Sydney or Melbourne and, in relation to New 
Zealand dollars, it means either Wellington or Auckland; in each case as is selected (in the case 
of a payment) by the payee or (in the case of a calculation) by the Guarantor Calculation Agent. 
"Principal Instalment" means the principal component of each Instalment. 
"Priority of Payments" means each of the Pre-Issuer Event of Default Interest Priority of Payments, 
the Pre-Issuer Event of Default Principal Priority of Payments, the Post-Issuer Event of Default 
Priority of Payments and the Post-Guarantor Event of Default Priority of Payments. 
“Privacy Code” means the Legislative Decree no. 196 of 30 June 2003 (Codice in materia di 
protezione dei dati personali) as amended and integrated from time to time. 
"Privacy Law" means the Privacy Code, the GDPR and any other related regulation and/or provision 
in force from time to time. 
“Processor” means the entity or person responsible for processing personal data.  
"Programme" means the programme for the issuance of each Series of Covered Bonds (obbligazioni 
bancarie garantite) by the Issuer in accordance with article 7-bis of the Law 130  as applicable until 
the Implementation Date or, from the Implementation Date, the article 7-quinquies and subsequent of 
Law 130. 
"Programme Agreement" means the programme agreement entered into on 10 October 2019 
between, inter alios, the Guarantor, the Seller, the Issuer, the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders and the Dealers, as amended and restated from time to time. 
"Programme Amount" means €3,000,000,000.

--- Page 293 ---
293 
"Programme Documents" means the Master Transfer Agreement, the Servicing Agreement, the 
Warranty and Indemnity Agreement, the Cash Management and Agency Agreement, the Programme 
Agreement, each Subscription Agreement, the Cover Pool Administration Agreement, the Intercreditor 
Agreement, the Subordinated Loan Agreement, the Asset Monitor Agreement, the Covered Bond 
Guarantee, the Corporate Services Agreement, the Swap Agreements (if any), the Mandate Agreement, 
the Quotaholders' Agreement, the Conditions, each Final Terms, the Deed of Pledge, the Master 
Definitions Agreement, the Stichting Corporate Services Agreement and any other agreement entered 
into from time to time in connection with the Programme. 
"Programme Resolution" has the meaning given in the Rules of the Organisation of Covered 
Bondholders attached to these Conditions. 
"Prospectus Regulation" means EU Regulation 2017/1129, as amended from time to time.  
"Prudential Regulations" means the prudential regulations for banks issued by the Bank of Italy on 17 
December 2013 with Circular No. 285 “Disposizioni di vigilanza per le banche”, as amended and 
supplemented from time to time, including the BoI Regulations. 
"Public Entities" means any of the authorities or entities set out in article 129, paragraph 1, letters (a) 
and (b) of the CRR. 
"Public Entity Securities " means any securities issued by, or which have benefit of a guarantee 
eligible for credit risk mitigation granted by, Public Entities pursuant to Article 129, paragraph 1, let. 
(a) and (b) of the CRR and art. 7-novies of Law 130. 
"Purchase Price" means, in relation to the Initial Portfolio and each New Portfolio transferred by the 
Seller, the consideration paid by the Guarantor to such Seller for the transfer thereof, calculated in 
accordance with the Master Transfer Agreement. 
"Put Option Notice" means a notice of exercise relating to the put option contained in Condition 7 (f) 
(Redemption at the option of the Covered Bondholders), substantially in the form set out in schedule 5 
to the Cash Management and Agency Agreement, or such other form which may, from time to time, be 
agreed between the Issuer and the Issuer Paying Agent or the Guarantor Paying Agent, as the case may 
be. 
“Put Option Receipt” means a receipt issued by the Issuer Paying Agent or the Guarantor Paying 
Agent, as the case may be, to a depositing Covered Bondholder upon deposit of Covered Bonds with 
the Issuer Paying Agent or the Guarantor Paying Agent, as the case may be, by any Covered 
Bondholder wanting to exercise a right to redeem Covered Bonds at the option of the Covered 
Bondholder; 
"Quarterly Servicer's Report" means the quarterly report delivered by the Servicer on each Quarterly 
Servicer’s Report Date and containing details on the Collections of the Receivables during the relevant 
Collection Periods prepared in accordance with the Servicing Agreement and delivered by the Servicer 
to, inter alios, the Guarantor, the Corporate Servicer, the Guarantor Calculation Agent, the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders and the Rating Agency. 
"Quarterly Servicer's Report Date" means (a) prior to the delivery of a Guarantor Default Notice, the 
date falling on the 12th calendar day of January, April, July and October of each year or if such day is 
not a Business Day, the immediately following Business Day and (b) following the delivery of an 
Acceleration Notice, such date as may be indicated by the Representative of the Covered Bondholders. 
The first Quarterly Servicer's Report Date fell in January 2020. 
“Quotaholders” means each of Stichting Urano and Banca Popolare dell’Alto Adige S.p.A..

--- Page 294 ---
294 
"Quotaholders' Agreement" means the agreement entered into on 10 October 2019 between Banca 
Popolare dell’Alto Adige S.p.A., Stichting Urano, the Guarantor and the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders, as amended and restated from time to time. 
"Quotaholders' Meeting" means a meeting of the Quotaholders. 
"Quota Capital" means the quota capital of the Guarantor, equal to Euro 10,000.00. 
"Quota Capital Account" means the Euro denominated account established in the name of the 
Guarantor with Banca Monte dei Paschi di Siena S.p.A., IBAN IT 72 D 01030 61622 000001835807 
for the deposit of the Quota Capital. 
“Rate of Interest” means the rate or rates (expressed as a percentage per annum) of interest payable in 
respect of the Series of Covered Bonds specified in the relevant Final Terms or calculated or 
determined in accordance with the provisions of these Conditions and/or the relevant Final Terms. 
"Rating Agency" means Fitch. 
"Real Estate Assets" means the real estate properties which have been mortgaged in order to secure 
the Receivables and each of them a “Real Estate Asset”. 
"Receivables" means each and every right arising under the Mortgage Loans pursuant to the Mortgage 
Loan Agreements and the Integration Assets including but not limited to: 
(i) 
all rights in relation to all Outstanding Principal of the Mortgage Loans as at the relevant 
Transfer Date; 
(ii) 
all rights in relation to interest (including default interest) amounts which will accrue on the 
Mortgage Loans as from the relevant Valuation Date; 
(iii) 
all rights in relation to the reimbursement of expenses and in relation to any losses, costs, 
indemnities and damages and any other amount due to the Seller in relation to the Mortgage 
Loans, the Mortgage Loan Agreements and the Integration Assets, including penalties and any 
other amount due to the Seller in the case of prepayments of the Mortgage Loans, and to the 
guarantees and insurances related thereto, including the rights in relation to the reimbursement 
of legal, judicial and other possible expenses incurred in connection with the collection and 
recovery of all amounts due in relation to the Mortgage Loans up to and as from the relevant 
Valuation Date; 
(iv) 
all rights in relation to any amount paid pursuant to any Insurance Policy or guarantee in respect 
of the Mortgage Loans of which the Seller is the beneficiary or is entitled pursuant to any liens 
(vincoli); 
(v) 
all of the above together with the Mortgages and any other security interests (garanzie reali o 
garanzie personali) assignable as a result of the assignment of the Receivables (except for the 
fidejussioni omnibus which have not been granted exclusively in relation to or in connection 
with the Mortgage Loans), including any other guarantee granted in favour of the Seller in 
connection with the Mortgage Loans or the Mortgage Loan Agreements and the Receivables. 
"Records" means the records prepared pursuant to clause 10.1 (Duty to maintain Records) of the Cash 
Management and Agency Agreement. 
"Recoveries" means any amounts received or recovered by the Servicer, in accordance with the terms 
of the Servicing Agreement, in relation to any Defaulted Receivable and any Delinquent Receivable.

--- Page 295 ---
295 
"Redemption Amount" means, as appropriate, the Final Redemption Amount, the Early Redemption 
Amount (Tax), the Optional Redemption Amount (Call), the Optional Redemption Amount (Put), the 
Early Termination Amount or such other amount in the nature of a redemption amount as may be 
specified in, or determined in accordance with the Conditions. 
"Reference Banks" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms or, if none, four major banks 
selected by the Guarantor Calculation Agent in the market that is most closely connected with the 
Reference Rate. 
"Reference Price" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms.  
"Reference Rate" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms.  
"Regular Period" means: 
(i) in the case of Covered Bonds where interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular 
payments, each period from and including the Interest Commencement Date to but excluding the 
first CB Payment Date and each successive period from and including one CB Payment Date to 
but excluding the next CB Payment Date; 
(ii) in the case of Covered Bonds where, apart from the first CB Interest Period, interest is scheduled 
to be paid only by means of regular payments, each period from and including a Regular Date 
falling in any year to but excluding the next Regular Date, where "Regular Date" means the day 
and month (but not the year) on which any CB Payment Date falls; and 
(iii) in the case of Covered Bonds where, apart from one CB Interest Period other than the first CB 
Interest Period, interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular payments, each period 
from and including a Regular Date falling in any year to but excluding the next Regular Date, 
where "Regular Date" means the day and month (but not the year) on which any CB Payment 
Date falls other than the CB Payment Date falling at the end of the irregular CB Interest Period. 
"Relevant Clearing System" means Euroclear and/or Clearstream and/or any other clearing system 
(other than Monte Titoli) specified in the relevant Final Terms as a clearing system through which 
payments under the Covered Bonds may be made; 
"Relevant Contracts": 
(i) in respect of any Issuer Paying Agent - other than the Issuer - the Cash, Management and Agency 
Agreement; 
(ii) in respect of any Covered Bond Swap Counterparty, the relevant Swap Agreement, if any; 
(iii) in respect of the Asset Monitor, the Asset Monitor Agreement 
and, in respect of any Other Issuer Creditor which may be in the future identified as such pursuant to 
this Covered Bond Guarantee, any other Programme Document which may be entered into from time 
to time by such Other Issuer Creditor. 
"Relevant Date" means, in relation to any payment, whichever is the later of (a) the date on which the 
payment in question first becomes due and (b) if the full amount payable has not been received in the 
Principal Financial Centre of the currency of payment by the Issuer Paying Agent or the Guarantor 
Paying Agent, as the case may be, on or prior to such due date, the date on which (the full amount 
having been so received) notice to that effect has been given to the Covered Bondholders. 
"Relevant Dealer(s) " means, in relation to a Series or a Tranche, the Dealer(s) which is/are party to 
any agreement (whether oral or in writing) entered into with the Issuer and the Guarantor for the issue

--- Page 296 ---
296 
by the Issuer and the subscription by such Dealer(s) of such Series or Tranche pursuant to the 
Programme Agreement. 
"Relevant Financial Centre" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms.  
“Relevant Public Entity Securities Documents” means, where available, the relevant prospectuses 
(or, for Public Entity Securities in respect of which duty to publish a prospectus is not provided for, the 
issue notice published in accordance with the relevant applicable law) and/or the terms and conditions 
of the Securities (or similar documents in accordance with the relevant applicable law). 
"Relevant Screen Page" means the page, section or other part of a particular information service 
(including, without limitation, Reuters) specified as the Relevant Screen Page in the relevant Final 
Terms, or such other page, section or other part as may replace it on that information service or such 
other information service, in each case, as may be nominated by the Person providing or sponsoring the 
information appearing there for the purpose of displaying rates or prices comparable to the Reference 
Rate. 
"Relevant Time" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Representative of the Covered Bondholders" means Banca Finanziaria Internazionale S.p.A. 
(formerly, Securitisation Services S.p.A.), acting in its capacity as representative of the Covered 
Bondholders pursuant to the Intercreditor Agreement, the Programme Agreement, the Deed of Pledge, 
the Conditions and the Final Terms of each Series of Covered Bonds. 
"Required Outstanding Principal Balance" has the meaning ascribed to such term under Clause 
8.2.1 (Required Outstanding Principal Balance Amount) of the Cover Pool Administration Agreement. 
"Required Outstanding Principal Balance Amount" has the meaning ascribed to such term under 
Clause 8.2.2 (Required Outstanding Principal Balance Amount) of the Cover Pool Administration 
Agreement. 
“Required Reserve Amount” means, on each Guarantor Payment Date, an amount calculated by the 
Guarantor Calculation Agent as being equal to the sum of: 
(i) 
(A) interest accruing in respect of all outstanding Series of Covered Bonds during the 
immediately following Guarantor Payment Period (such that, (a) if Swap Agreements 
are in place for a Series of Covered Bonds, such interest amounts accruing will be the 
higher of the net amount due to the Covered Bond Swap Counterparty or the amount 
due to the Covered Bondholders of such Series, (b) if Swap Agreements are not in place 
for a Series of Covered Bonds, such interest amounts accruing will be the amount due to 
the Covered Bondholders of such Series and (c) if Swap Agreements are in place for a 
portion of a Series of Covered Bonds, such interest amounts accruing will be the sum of 
(i) for the portion of the Series covered by the Swap Agreements, the higher of the net 
amount due to the Covered Bond Swap Counterparty and the amount due to the 
Covered Bondholders of such Series, and (ii) for the remaining portion, the interest 
amounts accruing will be the proportional amount due to the Covered Bondholders of 
such Series in each case as calculated by the Guarantor Calculation Agent on or prior to 
each Guarantor Calculation Date, plus (B) prior to the service of a Notice to Pay, the 
aggregate amount to be paid by the Guarantor on the second Guarantor Payment Date 
following the relevant Guarantor Calculation Date in respect of the items (First) to 
(Third) (each inclusive) of the Pre-Issuer Event of Default Interest Priority of Payments; 
plus

--- Page 297 ---
297 
(ii) 
any additional amount that the Issuer has voluntarily resolved to accumulate as reserve 
in order to create an additional stock to procure that the Statutory Tests are met with 
respect to the Cover Pool. 
"Reserve Account" means the Euro denominated account established in the name of the Guarantor 
with the Account Bank IBAN IT 25 R 03479 01600 000802318402, or such other substitute account as 
may be opened in accordance with the Cash Management and Agency Agreement. 
“Reserve Fund” means means any amounts standing to the credit of the Reserve Account up to the 
Required Reserve Amount. 
"Rules of the Organisation of the Covered Bondholders" or "Rules" means the rules of the 
Organisation of the Covered Bondholders attached as exhibit to the Conditions of the Covered Bonds. 
"Sanctions" means any sanctions, laws, regulations, or restrictive measures (including, for the 
avoidance of doubt, any sanctions or measures relating to any particular embargo, asset freezing) 
enacted, administered, imposed or enforced by the United States of America, including OFAC 
Regulations, the United Nations and/or the European Union and/or the French Republic, and/or the 
United Kingdom (including His Majesty’s Treasury) or other relevant authority.  
“Secured Creditors” means, collectively, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders (in its own 
capacity and as legal representative of the Covered Bondholders), the Issuer, the Seller, the 
Subordinated Loan Provider, the Servicer, the Guarantor Calculation Agent, the Test Calculation 
Agent, the Corporate Servicer, the Issuer Paying Agent, the Guarantor Paying Agent, the Account 
Bank, the Asset Monitor, the Covered Bond Swap Counterparty, the Portfolio Manager (if any), the 
Cash Manager, together with any other entity acceding to the Intercreditor Agreement. 
"Securities Account" means the account which will be opened in the name of the Guarantor with the 
Account Bank, upon purchase by the Guarantor from the Seller of Eligible Assets and/or Integration 
Assets and /or Liquid Assets (other than Liquid Assets deposited on the Liquidity Buffer Securities 
Account represented by bonds, debentures, notes or other financial instruments in book entry form in 
accordance with and subject to the conditions of the Cash Management and Agency Agreement. 
"Securities Act" means the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended and supplemented from time to 
time. 
"Security" means the security created pursuant to the Deed of Pledge and the Deed of Charge. 
"Security Interest" means:  
(i) 
any mortgage, charge, pledge, lien, privilege (privilegio speciale) or other security 
interest securing any obligation of any person; 
(ii) 
any arrangement under which money or claims to money, or the benefit of a bank or 
other account may be applied, set off or made subject to a combination of accounts so 
as to effect discharge or any sum owed or payable to any person; or 
(iii) 
any other type or preferential arrangement having a similar effect. 
"Selected Assets" has the meaning ascribed to such term under Clause 8 (Disposal of Assets following 
a Notice to Pay) of the Cover Pool Administration Agreement. 
"Seller" means BPAA pursuant to the Master Transfer Agreement. 
"Series" or "Series of Covered Bonds" means each series of Covered Bonds issued in the context of 
the Programme.

--- Page 298 ---
298 
"Servicer" means Banca Popolare dell’Alto Adige S.p.A., in its capacity as servicer pursuant to the 
Servicing Agreement. 
"Servicer Termination Event" means any of the events set out under clause 8.1 (Casi di revoca del 
mandato del Servicer) of the Servicing Agreement, which allows the Guarantor to terminate the 
Servicer's appointment and appoint a Substitute Servicer pursuant to the Servicing Agreement. 
"Servicing Agreement" means the servicing agreement entered into on 1 October 2019 between the 
Guarantor, the Issuer and the Servicer, as amended and restated from time to time. 
"Sole Affected Party" means an Affected Party as defined in the relevant Swap Agreement which at 
the relevant time is the only Affected Party under such Swap Agreement. 
"Specific Criteria" means (i) with respect to the Initial Portfolio, the criteria listed in schedule 3 
(Criteri Specifici in relazione al Portafoglio Iniziale) to the Master Transfer Agreement; or (ii) with 
respect to each New Portfolio, the criteria listed in Annex A of the relevant Transfer Notice of the New 
Portfolio.  
"Specified Currency" means the currency as may be agreed from time to time by the Issuer, the 
relevant Dealer(s), the Issuer Paying Agent or the Guarantor Paying Agent, as the case may be, and the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders (as set out in the applicable Final Terms). 
"Specified Denomination(s) " has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Specified Office" means, with respect to: 
(i) the Account Bank and Guarantor Paying Agent, Piazza Lina Bo Bardi 3, Milan,  
(ii) the Cash Manager, Test Calculation Agent and Issuer Paying Agent, Via del Macello, 55, 
Bolzano, Italy, and  
(iii) the Guarantor Calculation Agent and Corporate Servicer, Via V. Alfieri, 1, 31015 Conegliano 
(TV), Italy. 
“Specified Period” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Stabilisation Manager" means each Dealer or any other person acting in such capacity in accordance 
with the terms of the Programme Agreement. 
"Statutory Tests" means such tests provided for under article 7-undecies of Law 130 and namely: (i) 
the Nominal Value Test, (ii) the Net Present Value Test and (iii) the Interest Coverage Test, as further 
defined under clause 2 (Statutory Test) of the Cover Pool Administration Agreement. 
"Statutory Test Verification" has the meaning ascribed to such term under Clause 3.1.1(Scope of 
Statutory Tests Verification and Asset Coverage Test Verifications) of the Asset Monitor Agreement.  
"Stock Exchange" means the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's. 
"Stichting Corporate Services Provider" means Wilmington Trust SP Services (London) Limited 
acting in its capacity as stichting corporate services provider of Stichting Urano pursuant to the 
Stichting Corporate Services Agreement. 
"Stichting Corporate Services Agreement" means the stichting corporate services agreement entered 
into on 10 October 2019, between the Guarantor, the Stichting Corporate Services Provider and 
Stichting Urano, pursuant to which the Stichting Corporate Services Provider will provide certain 
administration services to Stichting Urano, as amended and restated from time to time. 
“Stock Exchange” means the Luxembourg Stock Exchange.

--- Page 299 ---
299 
"Subordinated Loan Provider" means the Seller, in its capacity as Subordinated Loan Provider 
pursuant to the Subordinated Loan Agreement. 
"Subordinated Loan Agreement" means the subordinated loan agreement entered into on 1 October 
2019 between the Subordinated Loan Provider and the Guarantor, as amended and restated from time 
to time. 
"Subscription Agreements" means each subscription agreement entered into on or about the Issue 
Date of each Series of Covered Bonds between each Dealer and the Issuer. 
"Subsidiary" has the meaning ascribed to such term in Article 2359 of the Italian Civil Code. 
"Substitute Servicer" means the successor to the Servicer which may be appointed by the Guarantor, 
upon the occurrence of a Servicer Termination Event, pursuant to clause 8.4 (Sostituto del Servicer) of 
the Servicing Agreement. 
“Suspension Period” means the period of time following an Article 74 Event.  
"Swap Agreements" means any swap agreement or other hedging agreements, if any, aimed at 
hedging certain interest rate risks and/or, if applicable, currency exposures in relation to the 
Guarantor’s obligations under the Covered Bonds, that may be entered into between the Guarantor and 
the relevant Covered Bond Swap Counterparty. 
“Swap Basic Term Modification” means any amendment to any of the Programme Documents aimed 
at: (i) altering the Priority of Payments by affecting the position of the Covered Bond Swap 
Counterparty if compared to the position of the Covered Bondholders, (ii) changing a payment date 
under the Swap Agreements; (iii) providing a reduction or cancellation or increase in the payments due 
under the Swap Agreements; (iv) altering the currency for each relevant payment under the Swap 
Agreements; (v) extending the termination date under the Swap Agreements and (vi) modifying this 
definition. 
"Swap Collateral" means the collateral which may be transferred by the Covered Bond Swap 
Counterparty to the Guarantor in support of its obligations under the Swap Agreements. 
“Swap Collateral Accounts” means collectively the Swap Collateral Cash Account, the Swap 
Collateral Securities Account and any swap collateral cash account, any swap collateral securities 
account and any other collateral account that may be opened, in name and on behalf of the Guarantor, 
with an account bank on which each Swap Collateral in the form of cash and/or securities and will be 
posted in accordance with the relevant Swap Agreement. 
"Swap Collateral Cash Account" means the Euro denominated collateral account that may be opened 
in the name of the Guarantor with the Account Bank, or such other substitute account as may be 
opened in accordance with the Cash Management and Agency Agreement. 
"Swap Collateral Excluded Amounts" means, at any time, cash and/or securities equivalent of the 
same type, nominal value and description as the Swap Collateral which is to be transferred back by the 
Guarantor to the Covered Bond Swap Counterparty from time to time in accordance with the terms of 
the Swap Agreements. 
"Swap Collateral Securities Account" means the Euro denominated account that may be opened in 
the name of the Guarantor with the Account Bank, or such other substitute account as may be opened 
in accordance with the Cash Management and Agency Agreement. 
“Swap Curve” means the term structure of interest rates used by the Test Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the best market practice and calculation based on market instruments.

--- Page 300 ---
300 
“Stichting Urano” means Stichting Urano in its capacity as quotaholder of the Guarantor. 
"T2" means the real time gross settlement system operated by the Eurosystem (T2) combining the 
functionalities of a Real Time Gross Settlement (RTGS) system with those of a Central Liquidity 
Management (CLM) system and which was launched on 20 March 2023. 
“T2 Settlement Day” means any day on which the real time gross settlement system operated by the 
Eurosystem (T2) is open. 
"Tax" means any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever 
nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by the Republic of Italy or any political sub-
division thereof or any authority thereof or therein. 
“Term Loan” means the term loan to be granted by the Subordinated Loan Provider pursuant to the 
terms of clause 2 (Il Finanziamento Subordinato) of the Subordinated Loan Agreement. 
"Tests" or "Test" means, collectively, the Statutory Tests, the Asset Coverage Test and the 
Amortisation Test. 
“Test Calculation Agent” means Banca Popolare dell’Alto Adige S.p.A., acting as test calculation 
agent for of the Tests, the Liquidity Buffer Target Amount, the Exposure Limit and the Minimum OC 
Requirement or any other institution that, from time to time, may be appointed as such pursuant to the 
Cash Management and Agency Agreement. 
“Test Calculation Date” means both prior to and after the delivery of an Acceleration Notice, the date 
falling on the fifth Business Day immediately preceding each Guarantor Payment Date. 
"Test Grace Period" means the period starting from the Test Calculation Date on which the breach of 
a test is notified by the Test Calculation Agent and ending on the immediately following Test 
Calculation Date.  
"Test Performance Report" means the report to be delivered on each Test Calculation Date or, after 
the occurrence of a breach of Test, on each Monthly Test Calculation Date, by the Test Calculation 
Agent pursuant to the terms of the Cover Pool Administration Agreement.  
"Total Commitment" with respect to the Subordinated Loan Provider, has the meaning ascribed to 
such term under the Subordinated Loan Agreement. 
"Trade Date" means the date on which the issue of the relevant Series of Covered Bonds is priced. 
"Tranche" means the tranche of Covered Bonds issued under the Programme to which each Final 
Terms relates, each such tranche forming part of a Series. 
"Transfer Agreement" means any subsequent transfer agreement for the purchase of each New 
Portfolio entered into in accordance with the terms of the Master Transfer Agreement. 
"Transfer Date" means: (a) with respect to the Initial Portfolio, 1 October 2019; and (b) with respect 
to the New Portfolios, the date designated by the Seller in the relevant Transfer Notice. 
"Transfer Notice" means, in respect to each New Portfolio, such transfer notice which will be sent by 
the Seller and addressed to the Guarantor in the form set out in schedule 6 (Modello di proposta di 
cessione di Nuovi Portafogli) to the Master Transfer Agreement. 
"Treaty" means the treaty establishing the European Community.

--- Page 301 ---
301 
"Usury Law" means the Law number 108 of 7 March 1996 as amended from time to time together 
with Decree number 394 of 29 December 2000 which has been converted in law by Law number 24 of 
28 February 2001 as amended from time to time. 
"Value Added Tax" or "VAT" means Imposta sul Valore Aggiunto (IVA) as defined in D.P.R. number 
633 of 26 October 1972. 
“Valuation Date” means (a) with reference to the Initial Portfolio, 1 September 2019, and (b) with 
reference to the New Portfolios, the date designated as such in the relevant Transfer Notice. 
"Warranty and Indemnity Agreement" means the warranty and indemnity agreement entered into on 
1 October 2019 between the Seller and the Guarantor, as amended and restated from time to time.

--- Page 302 ---
302 
 
ISSUER, SERVICER and SELLER
 
 
Banca Popolare dell’Alto 
Adige S.p.A.  
Via del Macello, 55  
39100 Bolzano  
Italy 
 
GUARANTOR
 
VOBA CB S.r.l.  
Via Vittorio Alfieri, 1  
31015 Conegliano (TV)  
Italy 
 
 
JOINT ARRANGERS 
Unicredit Bank AG 
Arabellastrasse 12  
81925 Munich  
Germany 
 
 
 
Banca Finanziaria 
Internazionale S.p.A. 
Via V. Alfieri, 1  
31015 Conegliano (TV)  
Italy 
 
DEALERS 
Unicredit Bank AG 
Arabellastrasse 12  
81925 Munich  
Germany 
 
 
Erste Group Bank AG 
Am Belvedere 1 
A-1100 Vienna 
Austria 
 
REPRESENTATIVE OF THE COVERED BONDHOLDERS 
Banca Finanziaria Internazionale S.p.A.  
Via V. Alfieri, 1  
31015 Conegliano (TV)  
Italy 
 
LISTING AGENT 
BNP Paribas, Luxembourg Branch  
60 avenue J.F. Kennedy 
L-1855 Luxembourg 
Luxembourg 
 
LEGAL ADVISORS 
To the Arrangers and Dealers 
Orrick, Herrington & Sutcliffe LLP  
Piazza della Croce Rossa, 2  
00161 Rome  
Italy