--- Page 1 ---
10261197493-v5 
 
47-41058517 
 
 
Banca Ifis S.p.A. 
(incorporated as a società per azioni under the laws of the Republic of Italy) 
€5,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
Under this €5,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the "Programme"), Banca Ifis S.p.A. (the "Issuer" or "Banca Ifis") may from 
time to time issue (i) notes in physical form governed by English law (the "English Law Notes in Physical Form"); (ii) notes in physical form 
governed by Italian law (the "Italian Notes in Physical Form" and, together with the English Law Notes in Physical Form, the "Notes in Physical 
Form") and (iii) notes in dematerialised form (the "Dematerialised Notes" and, together with the Notes in Physical Form, the "Notes") 
denominated in any currency agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer (as defined below). 
The maximum aggregate nominal amount of all Notes from time to time outstanding under the Programme will not exceed €5,000,000,000 (or its 
equivalent in other currencies calculated as described in the Dealer Agreement described herein). The Issuer may increase the amount of the 
Programme, from time to time, in accordance with the terms of the Dealer Agreement. In the event of such increase, a supplement to this Base 
Prospectus will be prepared by the Issuer, which shall be approved by the CSSF in accordance with Article 23 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as 
amended (the "Prospectus Regulation"). 
The Notes may be issued on a continuing basis to one or more of the Dealers specified under "Overview of the Programme" and any additional 
Dealer appointed under the Programme from time to time by the Issuer (each a "Dealer" and together the "Dealers"), which appointment may be 
for a specific issue or on an ongoing basis. References in this Base Prospectus to the "relevant Dealer" shall, in the case of an issue of Notes being 
(or intended to be) subscribed by more than one Dealer, be to all Dealers agreeing to subscribe such Notes. 
The terms and conditions for the English Law Notes in Physical Form are set out herein in "Terms and Conditions for the English Law Notes in 
Physical Form", the terms and conditions for the Italian Law Notes in Physical Form are set out herein in "Terms and Conditions for the Italian 
Law Notes in Physical Form" and the terms and conditions for the Dematerialised Notes are set out herein in "Terms and Conditions for the 
Dematerialised Notes". References to the "Notes" shall be to the English Law Notes in Physical Form, the Italian Law Notes in Physical Form 
and/or the Dematerialised Notes, as appropriate and references to the "Terms and Conditions" or the "Conditions" shall be to the Terms and 
Conditions for the English Law Notes in Physical Form, the Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes in Physical Form and/or the Terms 
and Conditions for the Dematerialised Notes, as appropriate. For the avoidance of doubt, in "Terms and Conditions for the English Law Notes in 
Physical Form", references to the "Notes" shall be to the English Law Notes in Physical Form, in "Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes 
in Physical Form", references to the "Notes" shall be to the Italian Law Notes in Physical Form and in "Terms and Conditions for the Dematerialised 
Notes", references to the "Notes" shall be to the Dematerialised Notes. 
An investment in Notes issued under the Programme involves certain risks. For a discussion of these risks see "Risk Factors". 
The Base Prospectus has been approved by the Luxembourg Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier (the "CSSF") which is the 
Luxembourg competent authority under the Prospectus Regulation. The CSSF only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of 
completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such approval should not be considered as an 
endorsement of either the Issuer or the quality of the Notes that are the subject of this Base Prospectus and investors should make their own 
assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes.  
By approving the Base Prospectus, the CSSF gives no undertaking as to the economic or financial soundness of the transaction or the quality and 
solvency of the Issuer in line with the provisions of Article 6(4) of the loi du 16 juillet 2019 relative aux prospectus pour valeurs mobilières dated 
16 July 2019 (the "Luxembourg Prospectus Law"). This Base Prospectus is valid for admission to trading of Notes on a regulated market for the 
purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II") for a period of twelve months from the date of approval ending on 19 July 2024, 
provided that it is completed by any supplement, pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation, following the occurrence of a significant 
new factor, a material mistake or a material inaccuracy relating to the information included (including incorporated by reference) in this Base 
Prospectus which may affect the assessment of the Notes. For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer shall have no obligation to supplement this Base 
Prospectus after the end of its 12-month validity period. Application has also been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Notes issued 
under the Programme to be admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and to be listed on the Official List of 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. References in this Base Prospectus to Notes being listed (and all related references) shall mean that such Notes 
have been admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (Bourse de Luxembourg) and have been "listed" on the 
Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. The Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated market is a regulated market for the purposes of 
MiFID II.  
Notice of the aggregate nominal amount of Notes, interest (if any) payable in respect of Notes, the issue price of Notes and certain other information 
which is applicable to each Tranche (as defined under "Terms and Conditions for the English Law Notes in Physical Form", under "Terms and 
Conditions for the Italian Law Notes in Physical Form" or under "Terms and Conditions for the Dematerialised Notes", as appropriate) of Notes 
will be set out in a final terms document (the "Final Terms") which, with respect to Notes to be listed, will be filed with the CSSF. Copies of 
Final Terms in relation to Notes to be listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange will also be published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange (www.luxse.com). 
The Programme provides that Notes may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on such other or further stock exchange(s) or markets 
as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer. The Issuer may also issue unlisted Notes and/or Notes not admitted to trading on any 
market. The CSSF has neither approved nor reviewed information contained in this Base Prospectus in connection with unlisted Notes and/or 
Notes not admitted to trading on any market. 
Tranches or Series of Notes to be issued under the Programme will be rated or unrated. Where a Tranche or Series of Notes is to be rated, such 
rating will not necessarily be the same as the rating that may be assigned to the Issuer or to Notes already issued. Where a Tranche or Series of

--- Page 2 ---
10261197493-v5 
 
47-41058517 
 
Notes is rated, the applicable rating(s) may be specified in the applicable Final Terms. Whether or not each credit rating applied for in relation to 
relevant Series of Notes will be issued by a credit rating agency established in the European Union and registered under Regulation (EC) No. 
1060/2009 (as amended) (the "EU CRA Regulation"), and included in the list of credit rating agencies published by the European Securities and 
Markets Authority ("ESMA") on its website (at https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-agencies/risk) in accordance with 
the EU CRA Regulation, will be disclosed in the applicable Final Terms. Whether or not each credit rating applied for in relation to any Tranche 
of Notes will be issued by a credit rating agency established in the European Union and registered under the EU CRA Regulation, in accordance 
with the EU CRA Regulation or by a credit rating agency established in the United Kingdom and registered under the EU CRA Regulation as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA") (the "UK CRA Regulation"), will be disclosed 
in the relevant Final Terms. 
A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by 
the assigning rating agency. Please also refer to "Risk Factors". 
Amounts payable under the Notes may be calculated by reference, inter alia, to EURIBOR, which is provided by the European Money Markets 
Institute ("EMMI"), to CMS, which is provided by ICE Benchmark Administration Limited ("ICE") or to the sterling overnight index average 
rate ("SONIA"), which is provided and administered by the Bank of England, in each case, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. As at the 
date of this Base Prospectus, EMMI appears on the register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by ESMA pursuant to 
Article 36 of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, as amended (the "EU Benchmarks Regulation") and ICE appears on the register of the Financial 
Conduct Authority pursuant to Article 36 of the EU Benchmarks Regulation as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"). ICE is not included in the register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by ESMA. 
As far the Issuer is aware, the transitional provisions in Article 51 of the EU Benchmarks Regulation apply, such that ICE is not currently required 
to obtain authorisation/registration (or, if located outside the European Union, recognition, endorsement or equivalence). As at the date of this 
Base Prospectus, the administrator of SONIA is not included in ESMA's register of administrators under Article 36 of the EU Benchmarks 
Regulation. As far as the Issuer is aware, the Bank of England, as administrator of SONIA, is not required to be registered by virtue of Article 2 
of the EU Benchmarks Regulation. 
Arranger 
Santander Corporate & Investment Banking 
Dealers 
Banca Akros S.p.A. – Gruppo Banco BPM 
UBS Investment Bank 
BNP PARIBAS  
Barclays 
Crédit Agricole CIB 
Citigroup 
Deutsche Bank 
Goldman Sachs International 
Intermonte 
IMI - Intesa Sanpaolo 
J.P. Morgan 
Mediobanca 
Morgan Stanley 
NatWest Markets 
Nomura 
Santander Corporate & Investment Banking 
Société Générale Corporate & Investment Banking 
Stifel 
UniCredit 
 
The date of this Base Prospectus is 19 July 2023

--- Page 3 ---
10261197493-v5 
(i) 
47-41058517 
 
IMPORTANT NOTICE 
This Base Prospectus comprises a base prospectus in respect of all Notes issued under the Programme for the 
purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation. This Base Prospectus should be read and understood in 
conjunction with any supplement hereto and with any other documents incorporated herein by reference. Full 
information on the Issuer and any tranche of Notes is only available on the basis of the combination of this Base 
Prospectus and the relevant Final Terms. 
Before investing in the Notes, prospective investors should consider all information provided in this Base 
Prospectus and consult with their own professional advisers (including their financial, accounting, legal and tax 
advisers) if they consider it necessary. 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus and declares that the 
information contained in this Base Prospectus to the best of its knowledge is in accordance with the facts and 
makes no omission likely to affect its import. 
The Issuer has confirmed to the Dealers (as defined herein) that this Base Prospectus (including, for this purpose, 
each applicable Final Terms (as defined below)) contains all information regarding the Issuer and its consolidated 
subsidiaries (together with the Issuer, the "Group") and the Notes which is material in the context of the 
Programme and the issue of the Notes; such information is true and accurate in all material respects and is not 
misleading in any material respect; any opinions, predictions or intentions expressed in this Base Prospectus on 
the part of the Issuer are honestly held or made and are not misleading in any material respect; this Base Prospectus 
does not omit to state any material fact necessary to make such information, opinions, predictions or intentions 
(in such context) not misleading in any material respect.  
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes 
includes a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors", the Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is 
one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (ii) a customer within 
the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended, the "Insurance Distribution Directive"), where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. 
Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No. 1286/2014 (as amended, the 
"PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in 
the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any 
retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes 
includes a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors", the Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the United Kingdom ("UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) 
of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); or (ii) a customer within the 
meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended (the "FSMA") and any 
rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not 
qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK MiFIR"). Consequently, 
no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No. 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the 
Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering 
or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under 
the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
MiFID II product governance / target market – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend 
entitled "MiFID II Product Governance" which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes 
and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, 
a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels. A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID II 
Product Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (as amended, the "MiFID II Product

--- Page 4 ---
10261197493-v5 
(ii) 
47-41058517 
 
Governance Rules"), any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but 
otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the 
purpose of the MIFID II Product Governance Rules. 
UK MiFIR product governance / target market – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend 
entitled "UK MiFIR Product Governance" which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes 
and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a "UK distributor") should take into consideration the target market assessment; 
however, a UK distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance 
Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels.  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise 
neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose 
of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules. 
Notification under Section 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289) of Singapore (the 
SFA) – Unless otherwise stated in the Final Terms in respect of any Notes, all Notes issued or to be issued under 
the Programme shall be prescribed capital markets products (as defined in the Securities and Futures (Capital 
Markets Products) Regulations 2018) and Excluded Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: 
Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on 
Investment Products). 
The Notes of each Tranche may: 
• 
in the case of Notes in Physical Form, initially be represented by a temporary global note ("Temporary 
Global Note") which (i) in respect of a Temporary Global Note which is not intended to be issued in new 
global note form, will be deposited on the issue date thereof with a common depositary on behalf of 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV ("Euroclear") and Clearstream Banking S.A. ("Clearstream, Luxembourg") 
and/or any other agreed clearance system, and (ii) in respect of a Temporary Global Note which is intended 
to be issued in new global note form, will be deposited on the issue date thereof with a common safekeeper 
for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other agreed clearance system. Each Temporary 
Global Note will be exchangeable, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, for either a permanent global 
note ("Permanent Global Note") or Notes in definitive form, in each case upon certification as to non-US 
beneficial ownership as required by U.S. Treasury Regulations. A Permanent Global Note will be 
exchangeable, in whole but not in part, for definitive Notes, all as further described below; or 
• 
in the case of Notes in Dematerialised Form, be held in dematerialised form on behalf of the beneficial 
owners, until redemption or cancellation thereof, by Monte Titoli S.p.A. with registered office and 
principal place of business at Piazza degli Affari 6, 20123 Milan, Italy ("Monte Titoli"), for the account 
of the relevant Monte Titoli Account Holders. The expression "Monte Titoli Account Holders" means any 
authorised financial intermediary institution entitled to hold accounts on behalf of their customers with 
Monte Titoli and includes any depository banks appointed by Euroclear, as operator of the Euroclear 
System, and Clearstream, Luxembourg. The Dematerialised Notes have been accepted for clearance by 
Monte Titoli. The Dematerialised Notes will at all times be held in book entry form and title to the 
Dematerialised Notes will be evidenced by book entries pursuant to the relevant provisions of Italian 
Legislative Decree dated 24 February 1998, No. 58, as subsequently amended and supplemented (the 
"Financial Services Act") and in accordance with the Commissione Nazionale per le Società e la Borsa 
("CONSOB") and Bank of Italy Joint Regulation dated 13 August 2018, as subsequently amended and 
supplemented ("CONSOB and Bank of Italy Joint Regulation"). The Noteholders may not require 
physical delivery of the Dematerialised Notes. However, the Noteholders may ask the relevant 
intermediaries for certification pursuant to Article 83-quinquies and 83-sexies of the Financial Services 
Act. 
The information set out in the sections of this Base Prospectus describing clearing arrangements is subject to any 
change or reinterpretation of the rules, regulations and procedures of Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg and 
Monte Titoli (the "Clearing Systems"), in each case as currently in effect. If prospective investors wish to use the 
facilities of any of the Clearing Systems, they should confirm the continued applicability of the rules, regulations 
and procedures of the relevant Clearing System. The Issuer will not be responsible or liable for any aspect of the

--- Page 5 ---
10261197493-v5 
(iii) 
47-41058517 
 
records relating to, or payments made on account of, book-entry interests held through the facilities of any 
Clearing System or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records relating to such book-entry interests. 
The Issuer has not authorised the making or provision of any representation or information regarding the Issuer, 
the Group or the Notes other than as contained in this Base Prospectus. Any such representation or information 
should not be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer or any Dealer. 
This Base Prospectus has not been submitted to the clearance procedure or registered with the Commissione 
Nazionale per le Società e la Borsa and may not be used in connection with the offering of the Notes in the 
Republic of Italy, its territories and possessions and any areas subject to its jurisdictions other than in accordance 
with applicable Italian securities laws and regulations, as more fully set out under "Subscription and Sale". 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and any Final Terms and the offering, sale and delivery of the Notes in 
certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus or any Final 
Terms comes are required by the Issuer and the Dealers to inform themselves about and to observe any such 
restrictions. This Base Prospectus may only be used for the purposes for which it has been published. For a 
description of certain restrictions on offers, sales and deliveries of the Notes and on distribution of this Base 
Prospectus and other offering material relating to the Notes, see "Subscription and Sale". 
In particular, the Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act and are subject to United 
States tax law requirements. Subject to certain exceptions, the Notes may not be offered, sold or delivered in the 
United States or to U.S. persons. The Notes are subject to restrictions on transferability and resale and may not be 
transferred or resold in the United States or to U.S. persons except as permitted under applicable U.S. federal and 
state securities laws pursuant to a registration statement or an exemption from registration. 
Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms nor the offering, sale or delivery of any Note shall 
in any circumstances create any implication that the information contained in this Base Prospectus is true 
subsequent to the date hereof or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently amended or 
supplemented or there has been no adverse change, or any event reasonably likely to involve any adverse change, 
in the condition (financial or otherwise) or prospects of the Issuer or the Group since the date of this Base 
Prospectus or, if later, the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently amended or supplemented 
or that any other information supplied in connection with the Programme is correct at any time subsequent to the 
date on which it is supplied or, if different, the date indicated in the document containing the same. 
This Base Prospectus is to be read and construed in conjunction with any supplement hereto, all documents which 
are deemed to be incorporated herein by reference and, in relation to any Tranche of Notes, the applicable Final 
Terms. See "Information Incorporated by Reference" below. This Base Prospectus shall, save as specified herein, 
be read and construed on the basis that such documents are so incorporated and form part of this Base Prospectus. 
Neither the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates (including parent companies) have authorised the whole 
or any part of this Base Prospectus and none of them makes any representation, warranty or undertaking, expressed 
or implied, or accept any responsibility or liability, with respect to the accuracy or completeness of any of the 
information contained or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus or any other information provided by 
the Issuer in connection with the Programme. Neither the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates (including 
parent companies) accept any responsibility or liability for the acts or omissions of the Issuer or any other person 
in connection with the Programme and the issue and offering of the Notes. Neither this Base Prospectus nor any 
Final Terms constitutes an offer or an invitation to subscribe for or purchase any Notes and are not intended to 
provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation and should not be considered as a recommendation by the Issuer 
or the Dealers or any of their respective affiliates (including parent companies) that any recipient of this Base 
Prospectus or the Final Terms should purchase the Notes. In making an investment decision, prospective investors 
must rely on their own examination of the Issuer's and the Group's business and the terms of the offering. 
Prospective investors should not consider any information contained in this Base Prospectus to be investment, 
legal, financial, business, accounting or tax advice. Each prospective investor should consult its own counsel, 
business adviser, accountant, tax adviser and other advisers for legal, financial, business, accounting, tax and 
related advice regarding an investment in the Notes. 
The Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors.  
Each potential investor in the Notes should determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own 
circumstances. In particular, each potential investor should consider, either on its own or with the help of its 
financial and other professional advisers, whether it:

--- Page 6 ---
10261197493-v5 
(iv) 
47-41058517 
 
(i) 
has sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Notes, the merits and 
risks of investing in the Notes and the information contained or incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus or any applicable supplement; 
(ii) 
have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its particular 
financial situation, an investment in the Notes and the impact such investment will have on its overall 
investment portfolio; 
(iii) 
have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the Notes, 
including where the currency for principal or interest payments is different from the potential investor's 
currency; 
(iv) 
understand thoroughly the terms of the Notes and be familiar with the behaviour of financial markets; 
and 
(v) 
be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for economic, 
interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks. 
Some Notes are complex financial instruments. Sophisticated institutional investors generally do not purchase 
complex financial instruments as stand-alone investments. They purchase complex financial instruments as a way 
to reduce risk or enhance yield with an understood, measured, appropriate addition of risk to their overall 
portfolios. A potential investor should not invest in the Notes, unless the potential investor has the expertise (either 
alone or with a financial adviser) to evaluate how the Notes will perform under changing conditions, the resulting 
effects on the value of the Notes and the impact this investment will have on the potential investor's overall 
investment portfolio.  
The language of this Base Prospectus is English. Certain legislative references and technical terms have been cited 
in their original language in order that the correct technical meaning may be ascribed to them under applicable 
law. 
Restrictions on marketing, sales and resales of Additional Tier 1 Notes to Retail Investors 
(A) 
The Additional Tier 1 Notes discussed in this document are complex financial instruments. They are not 
a suitable or appropriate investment for all investors, especially retail investors. In some jurisdictions, 
regulatory authorities have adopted or published laws, regulations or guidance with respect to the offer 
or sale of securities such as the Additional Tier 1 Notes. Potential investors in the Additional Tier 1 Notes 
should inform themselves of, and comply with, any applicable laws, regulations or regulatory guidance 
with respect to any resale of the Additional Tier 1 Notes (or any beneficial interests therein). 
(B) 
 
(i) 
In the UK, the Financial Conduct Authority ("FCA") Conduct of Business Sourcebook 
("COBS") requires, in summary, that the Notes should not be offered or sold to retail clients (as 
defined in COBS 3.4 and each a "retail client") in the UK. 
(ii) 
Each Dealer is required to comply with COBS. 
(iii) 
By purchasing, or making or accepting an offer to purchase, any Additional Tier 1 Notes (or a 
beneficial interest in such Additional Tier 1 Notes) from the Issuer and/or the Dealers, each 
prospective investor represents, warrants, agrees with and undertakes to the Issuer and each of 
the Dealers that: 
(a) 
it is not a retail client in the UK; and 
(b) 
it will not sell or offer the Additional Tier 1 Notes (or any beneficial interest therein) 
to retail clients in the UK or communicate (including the distribution of the Base 
Prospectus) or approve an invitation or inducement to participate in, acquire or 
underwrite the Additional Tier 1 Notes (or any beneficial interests therein) where that 
invitation or inducement is addressed to or disseminated in such a way that it is likely 
to be received by a retail client in the UK.

--- Page 7 ---
10261197493-v5 
(v) 
47-41058517 
 
(iv) 
In selling or offering the Additional Tier 1 Notes or making or approving communications 
relating to the Additional Tier 1 Notes you may not rely on the limited exemptions set out in 
COBS. 
(C) 
The obligations in paragraph (B) above are in addition to the need to comply at all times with all other 
applicable laws, regulations and regulatory guidance (whether inside or outside the EEA or the UK) 
relating to the promotion, offering, distribution and/or sale of the Additional Tier 1 Notes (or any 
beneficial interests therein), whether or not specifically mentioned in the Base Prospectus, including 
(without limitation) any requirements under MiFID II or the UK FCA Handbook as to determining the 
appropriateness and/or suitability of an investment in the Additional Tier 1 Notes (or any beneficial 
interests therein) for investors in any relevant jurisdiction. 
Where acting as agent on behalf of a disclosed or undisclosed client when purchasing, or making or accepting an 
offer to purchase, any Additional Tier 1 Notes (or any beneficial interests therein) from the Issuer and/or the 
Dealers, the foregoing representations, warranties, agreements and undertakings will be given by and be binding 
upon both the agent and its underlying client 
Certain figures included in this Base Prospectus have been subject to rounding adjustments; accordingly, figures 
shown for the same category presented in different tables may vary slightly and figures shown as totals in certain 
tables may not be an arithmetic aggregation of the figures which precede them. 
 
STABILISATION 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes under the Programme, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) 
named as the Stabilisation Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in the 
applicable Final Terms may over-allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market 
price of the Notes at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail. However, stabilisation may not 
necessarily occur. Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on which adequate public 
disclosure of the terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche of Notes is made and, if begun, may cease at any 
time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of 
Notes and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the relevant Tranche of Notes. Any stabilisation action 
or over-allotment must be conducted by the Stabilisation Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of the 
Stabilisation Manager(s)) in accordance with all applicable laws and rules. 
 
MARKET SHARE INFORMATION AND STATISTICS 
This Base Prospectus contains statements regarding the Issuer's and the Group's industry and its relative 
competitive position in the industry that are not based on published statistical data or information obtained from 
independent third parties but are based on the Issuer's experience and its own investigation of market conditions, 
including its own elaborations of such published statistical or third-party data. Although the Issuer's estimates are 
based on information obtained from its customers, sales force, trade and business organisations, market survey 
agencies and consultants, government authorities and associations in its industry which it believes to be reliable, 
there is no assurance that any of these assumptions are accurate or correctly reflect the Issuer's or the Group's 
position in the industry. None of the Issuer's internal surveys or information has been verified by independent 
sources. 
While the Issuer has compiled, extracted and, to the best of its knowledge, correctly reproduced market or other 
industry data from external sources, including third parties or industry or general publications, the Issuer has not 
independently verified such data. The Issuer cannot assure investors of the accuracy and completeness of, and 
takes no responsibility for, such data other than the responsibility for the correct and accurate reproduction thereof. 
The Issuer confirms that this information has been accurately reproduced, and so far as the Issuer is aware and is 
able to ascertain from information available from such external sources, no facts have been omitted which would 
render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. 
 
PRESENTATION OF FINANCIAL INFORMATION

--- Page 8 ---
10261197493-v5 
(vi) 
47-41058517 
 
Financial information incorporated by reference and included in the Base Prospectus 
This Base Prospectus incorporates by reference the translation into English of the audited consolidated financial 
statements of the Issuer as of 31 December 2022 and 2021, and for the years then ended. 
The consolidated financial statements of the Issuer as of and for the years ended 31 December 2022 and 2021 (the 
"Audited Consolidated Financial Statements") have been prepared by the Issuer in accordance with IFRS and 
have been audited without qualification by EY S.p.A. as stated in the English translations of their audit reports 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. 
 
ALTERNATIVE PERFORMANCE MEASURES 
In order better to evaluate Banca Ifis's financial management performance, management has identified Alternative 
Performance Measures (each an "APM"). Management believes that these APMs, although not recognised as a 
measure of performance or liquidity under IFRS, provide useful information for investors as regards the financial 
position, cash flows and financial performance of the same, because they facilitate the identification of significant 
operating trends and financial parameters.  
This Base Prospectus incorporates by reference the following alternative performance measures as defined by the 
European Securities and Markets Authority's Guidelines on Alternative Performance Measures 
(ESMA/2015/1415 and ESMA 32-51-370 Q&A), which are used by the management of the Issuer to monitor its 
financial and operating performance: 
"ROA": Return on Assets is an indicator that measures the return on the invested capital or the business carried 
out. It is the ratio between the Group's pre-tax operating profit and total assets. 
"ROE": Return On Equity is a synthetic measure of the Group's operating results. It is calculated as the ratio of 
net profit to the average of equity.  
"Reclassified Cost/Income ratio": Reclassified Cost/Income ratio is a ratio of the Group's operating costs to net 
banking income. For this purpose, net impairment losses on receivables of the NPL segment were reclassified to 
interest receivable and similar income to present more fairly this business, for which net impairment losses 
represent an integral part of the return on the investment. 
"Book value per share": Book value per share is an indicator of the value of each share based on the book value 
of the Group's assets minus its liabilities. It is calculated as the ratio of consolidated equity to the number of shares 
outstanding. 
"Payout Ratio": Payout Ratio is a ratio of dividends to net profits. It is calculated as the ratio of Parent company 
dividends to consolidated net profit. 
"Parent company dividends": Parent company dividends is an indicator of dividends paid by Banca Ifis S.p.A. 
It is the product of the dividends payable per share multiplied by the number of shares outstanding. 
It should be noted that: 
(i) 
the APMs are based exclusively on the Group's historical data and are not indicative of future 
performance; 
(ii) 
the APMs are not derived from IFRS, they are derived from the consolidated financial statements of the 
Group prepared in conformity with these principles, and they are not subject to audit; 
(iii) 
the APMs are non-IFRS financial measures and are not recognised as a measure of performance or 
liquidity under IFRS and should not be recognised as alternative to performance measure derived in 
accordance with IFRS or any other generally accepted accounting principles; 
(iv) 
the APMs should be read together with financial information for the Group taken from the consolidated 
financial statements of the Issuer;

--- Page 9 ---
10261197493-v5 
(vii) 
47-41058517 
 
(v) 
as the APMs are non-IFRS measures, the definitions of APMs used by the Group may differ from, and 
therefore not be comparable to, those used by other companies/groups; and 
(vi) 
the APMs and definitions used herein are consistent for all the period for which financial information in 
this Base Prospectus is included. 
 
FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS 
This Base Prospectus may contain certain statements that are, or may be deemed to be, forward-looking, including 
statements with respect to the Issuer's and the Group's business strategies, expansion of operations, trends in their 
business and their competitive advantage, information on technological and regulatory changes and information 
on exchange rate risk and generally includes all statements preceded by, followed by or that include the words 
"believe", "expect", "project", "anticipate", "seek", "estimate", "aim", "intend", "plan", "continue" or similar 
expressions. By their nature, forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties 
because they relate to events and depend on circumstances that may or may not occur in the future. Such forward-
looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve risks and uncertainties, and actual results 
may differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements as a result of various factors. Potential 
investors are cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the 
date hereof. 
Any forward-looking statements are only made as of the date of this Base Prospectus, and the Issuer does not 
intend, and does not assume any obligation, to update forward-looking statements set forth in this Base Prospectus. 
Many factors may cause the Issuer's or the Group's results of operations, financial condition, liquidity and the 
development of the industries in which they compete to differ materially from those expressed or implied by the 
forward-looking statements contained in this Base Prospectus. 
The risks described under "Risk Factors" in this Base Prospectus are not exhaustive. Other sections of this Base 
Prospectus describe additional factors that could adversely affect the Issuer's and the Group's results of operations, 
financial condition, liquidity and the development of the industries in which they operate. New risks can emerge 
from time to time, and it is not possible for the Issuer to predict all such risks, nor can the Issuer assess the impact 
of all such risks on its business or the extent to which any risks, or combination of risks and other factors, may 
cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statements. Given these risks 
and uncertainties, investors should not rely on forward-looking statements as a prediction of actual results.

--- Page 10 ---
10261197493-v5 
(viii) 
47-41058517 
 
CERTAIN DEFINED TERMS 
References to the "Issuer", the "Bank" or the "Company" are to Banca Ifis S.p.A.; references to the "Group" are 
to the Issuer and its consolidated subsidiaries. 
References to the "Agent" are to BNP Paribas, Luxembourg Branch, as issuing and principal paying agent, and 
any successor issuing and principal paying agent appointed from time to time in connection with the Notes. 
References to the "Paying Agent" for (i) the Notes in Physical Form are to BNP Paribas, Luxembourg Branch 
and (ii) the Dematerialised Notes are to the Issuer, as paying agent, and any successor or additional paying agents 
appointed from time to time in connection with the Notes. 
References to "€" or "Euro" are to the single currency introduced at the start of the third stage of the European 
Economic and Monetary Union pursuant to the Treaty on the functioning of the European Union, as amended. 
References to "billions" are to thousands of millions.  
References to the "English Law Notes in Physical Form" are to the Notes governed by English law, references 
to the "Italian Law Notes in Physical Form" are to the Notes governed by Italian law and references to the 
"Dematerialised Law Notes" are to the Notes governed by Italian law and issued in dematerialised form. 
References to the "Notes" shall be to the English Law Notes in Physical Form, the Italian Law Notes in Physical 
Form and/or the Dematerialised Notes, as appropriate.  
References to the "Terms and Conditions" or the "Conditions" shall be to the Terms and Conditions for the 
English Law Notes in Physical Form, the Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes in Physical Form and/or 
the Terms and Conditions for the Dematerialised Notes, as appropriate. For the avoidance of doubt, in "Terms and 
Conditions for the English Law Notes in Physical Form", references to the "Notes" shall be to the English Law 
Notes in Physical Form, in "Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes in Physical Form", references to the 
"Notes" shall be to the Italian Law Notes in Physical Form and in "Terms and Conditions for the Dematerialised 
Law Notes", references to the "Notes" shall be to the Dematerialised Law Notes. In addition, any reference to a 
numbered Condition is to the correspondingly numbered provision of the Terms and Conditions for the English 
Law Notes in Physical Form, the Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes in Physical Form and/or the 
Terms and Conditions for the Dematerialised Notes, as appropriate. 
References to "IFRS" in this Base Prospectus are to International Financial Reporting Standards issued by the 
International Accounting Standards Board (IASB) as adopted by the European Commission, which are those 
required to be used by companies listed on regulated markets in the European Union.

--- Page 11 ---
10261197493-v5 
(ix) 
47-41058517 
 
Table of Contents 
IMPORTANT NOTICE ........................................................................................................................................ i 
STABILISATION ................................................................................................................................................. v 
MARKET SHARE INFORMATION AND STATISTICS ............................................................................... v 
PRESENTATION OF FINANCIAL INFORMATION .................................................................................... v 
ALTERNATIVE PERFORMANCE MEASURES .......................................................................................... vi 
FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS ........................................................................................................ vii 
CERTAIN DEFINED TERMS ......................................................................................................................... viii 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME ............................................................................................................. 1 
RISK FACTORS ................................................................................................................................................ 20 
INFORMATION INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE ............................................................................... 54 
FURTHER PROSPECTUSES AND SUPPLEMENTS ................................................................................... 57 
FORM OF THE NOTES.................................................................................................................................... 58 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS ............................................................................................................................... 62 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR THE ENGLISH LAW NOTES IN PHYSICAL FORM ..................... 79 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR THE ITALIAN LAW NOTES IN PHYSICAL FORM .................... 120 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR THE DEMATERIALISED NOTES ................................................... 169 
OVERVIEW OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE NOTES IN PHYSICAL FORM WHEN IN 
GLOBAL FORM .................................................................................................................................... 223 
USE OF PROCEEDS ....................................................................................................................................... 227 
SELECTED FINANCIAL INFORMATION ................................................................................................. 228 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER ................................................................................................................. 231 
TAXATION ....................................................................................................................................................... 253 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE ......................................................................................................................... 262 
GENERAL INFORMATION .......................................................................................................................... 266

--- Page 12 ---
10261197493-v5 
- 1 - 
47-41058517 
 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following overview does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified in its entirety by, the 
remainder of this Base Prospectus and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any particular Tranche of Notes, 
the applicable Final Terms. The Issuer and any relevant Dealer may agree that Notes shall be issued in a form 
other than that contemplated in the Terms and Conditions, in which event, a new Base Prospectus or a drawdown 
prospectus, if appropriate, in the case of listed Notes only, will be made available which will describe the effect 
of the agreement reached in relation to such Notes. 
This Overview constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 25.1 of Commission 
Delegated Regulation (EU) No 2019/980 supplementing the Prospectus Regulation. 
Words and expressions defined in "Form of the Notes", "Terms and Conditions for the English Law Notes in 
Physical Form", "Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes in Physical Form" and "Terms and Conditions 
for the Dematerialised Notes" shall have the same meanings in this overview. 
Issuer: 
Banca Ifis S.p.A. 
Issuer Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): 
8156005420362AE59184 
Arranger: 
Banco Santander, S.A. 
Dealers: 
Banca Akros S.p.A., Banco Santander, S.A., Barclays Bank Ireland 
PLC, BNP Paribas, Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG, Crédit 
Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank, S.A., Deutsche Bank 
Aktiengesellschaft, Goldman Sachs International, Intermonte SIM 
S.p.A., Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A., J.P. Morgan SE, Mediobanca – 
Banca di Credito Finanziario S.p.A., Morgan Stanley & Co. 
International plc, NatWest Markets N.V., Nomura Financial 
Products Europe GmbH, Société Générale, Stifel Europe Bank AG, 
UBS Europe SE and UniCredit Bank AG and any other Dealer 
appointed from time to time by the Issuer, either generally in respect 
of the Programme or in relation to a particular Tranche of Notes. 
Issuing and Principal Paying Agent 
(for Notes in Physical Form): 
BNP Paribas, Luxembourg Branch. 
Paying Agent for the Dematerialised 
Notes: 
Banca Ifis S.p.A. 
Description: 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
Clearing Systems: 
Euroclear, Clearstream Luxembourg, Monte Titoli and/or, in 
relation to any Notes, any other clearing system as may be specified 
in the relevant Final Terms. 
Initial Programme Amount: 
The maximum aggregate principal amount of Notes outstanding at 
any one time under the Programme will not exceed €5,000,000,000 
(or its equivalent in other currencies calculated as described in the 
Dealer Agreement). The Issuer may increase the amount of the 
Programme, from time to time, in accordance with the terms of the 
Dealer Agreement. 
Issuance in Series: 
Notes may be issued on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis and 
will be issued in Series. Each Series may comprise one or more 
Tranches issued on different issue dates. The Notes of each Series 
will all be subject to identical terms, except that the issue date, the 
issue price and the amount of the first payment of interest may be 
different in respect of different Tranches. The Notes of each 
Tranche will all be subject to identical terms in all respects, save 
that a Tranche may comprise Notes of different denominations.

--- Page 13 ---
10261197493-v5 
- 2 - 
47-41058517 
 
Final Terms: 
Each Tranche will be the subject of Final Terms which, for the 
purposes of that Tranche only, completes the relevant Terms and 
Conditions and this Base Prospectus and must be read in 
conjunction with this Base Prospectus. The terms and conditions 
applicable to any particular Tranche of Notes are the relevant Terms 
and Conditions as completed by the applicable Final Terms. 
In addition, where the Issuer agrees with any Dealer to issue Notes 
in a form not contemplated in the section of this Base Prospectus 
entitled "Form of Final Terms", a drawdown prospectus will be 
made available and will describe the effect of the agreement in 
relation to such Notes. 
Currencies: 
Subject to any applicable legal and/or regulatory and/or central bank 
requirements, any currency agreed between the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Status of the Notes:  
Notes may be issued on a senior basis, senior non-preferred basis or 
subordinated basis, as specified in the applicable Final Terms (see 
Conditions 2 (Status of Senior Notes), 2.A (Status of Senior Non-
Preferred Notes) and 3 (Status of Subordinated Notes) of the Terms 
and Conditions for the English Law Notes in Physical Form, 
Conditions 2 (Status of Senior Notes), 2.A (Status of Senior Non-
Preferred Notes) and 3 (Status of Subordinated Notes)) of the Terms 
and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes in Physical Form and 
Conditions 2 (Status of Senior Notes), 2.A (Status of Senior Non-
Preferred Notes), 3 (Status of Subordinated Notes) of the Terms and 
Conditions for the Dematerialised Notes.  
If specified in the applicable Final Terms Notes, Italian Law Notes 
in Physical Form and Dematerialised Notes may be also issued as 
Additional Tier 1 Notes (see Condition 4 (Status of Additional Tier 
1 Notes) of the Terms and conditions for the Italian Law Notes in 
Physical Form and Condition 4 (Status of Additional Tier 1 Notes) 
of the Terms and Conditions for the Dematerialised Notes). 
The Senior Notes (and the Coupons of the Notes in Physical Form) 
will constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and unsecured 
obligations of the Issuer and will rank pari passu, without any 
preference among themselves. The payment obligations of the 
Issuer under the Senior Notes (and the Coupons of the Notes in 
Physical Form) shall, save for such obligations as may be preferred 
by provisions of law that are both mandatory and of general 
application, at all times rank at least equally with its other present 
and future unsecured and unsubordinated obligations, subject to any 
applicable legislation that permits or requires certain such 
indebtedness or obligations to rank either junior or senior to the 
Senior Notes. 
Subject to the provisions of Condition 2.A (Status of Senior Non-
Preferred Notes) of the Terms and Conditions for the English Law 
Notes in Physical Form, Condition 2.A (Status of Senior Non-
Preferred Notes) of the Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law 
Notes in Physical Form and Condition 2.A (Status of Senior Non-
Preferred Notes) of the Terms and Conditions for the 
Dematerialised Notes, as applicable, Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
(and any related Coupons of the Notes in Physical Form) constitute 
direct, unconditional, unsubordinated, unsecured and non-preferred 
obligations of the Issuer, ranking (i) junior to Senior Notes and any 
other unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer which 
rank, or are expressed to rank by their terms, senior to the Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes, including claims arising from the excluded 
liabilities within the meaning of Article 72a(2) of the CRR, and (ii) 
pari passu without any preferences among themselves, and with all

--- Page 14 ---
10261197493-v5 
- 3 - 
47-41058517 
 
other present or future obligations of the Issuer which do not rank 
or are not expressed by their terms to rank junior or senior to the 
relevant Senior Non-Preferred Notes and in priority to any 
subordinated instruments and to the claims of shareholders of the 
Issuer, pursuant to Article 91, section 1-bis, letter c-bis of the 
Consolidated Banking Law, as amended from time to time, and any 
relevant implementing regulation which may be enacted for such 
purposes by any Relevant Authority, all as described in Condition 
2.A (Status of Senior Non-Preferred Notes) of the Terms and 
Conditions for the English Law Notes in Physical Form, Condition 
2.A (Status of Senior Non-Preferred Notes) of the Terms and 
Conditions for the Italian Law Notes in Physical Form, Condition 
2.A (Status of Senior Non-Preferred Notes) of the Terms and 
Conditions for the Dematerialised Notes and the applicable Final 
Terms. 
Subject to the provisions of Condition 3 (Status of Subordinated 
Notes) of the Terms and Conditions for the English Law Notes in 
Physical Form, Condition 3 (Status of Subordinated Notes) of the 
Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes in Physical Form 
and Condition 3 (Status of Subordinated Notes) of the Terms and 
Conditions 
for 
the 
Dematerialised 
Notes, 
as 
applicable, 
Subordinated Notes (and any related Coupons of the Notes in 
Physical Form) constitute direct, unsecured and subordinated 
obligations of the Issuer and will rank pari passu and without any 
preference among themselves, all as described in Condition 3 
(Status of Subordinated Notes) of the Terms and Conditions for the 
English Law Notes in Physical Form, Condition 3 (Status of 
Subordinated Notes) of the Terms and Conditions for the Italian 
Law Notes in Physical Form, Condition 3 (Status of Subordinated 
Notes) of the Terms and Conditions for the Dematerialised Notes 
and the applicable Final Terms.  
In the event of the winding up, dissolution, liquidation or 
bankruptcy 
(including 
inter 
alia, 
Liquidazione 
Coatta 
Amministrativa) of the Issuer, the payment obligations of the Issuer 
under each Series of Subordinated Notes (and the relative Coupons 
of the Notes in Physical Form) will rank in right of payment (A) 
after unsubordinated unsecured creditors (including depositors and 
any holder of Senior Notes (and their respective Coupons of the 
Notes in Physical Form)) of the Issuer and all other creditors of the 
Issuer holding instruments that are less subordinated than the 
Subordinated Notes (including any subordinated instruments that 
have ceased to qualify, in their entirety, as own fund items (elementi 
di fondi propri)) but (B) at least pari passu with all other 
subordinated obligations of the Issuer which do not rank or are not 
expressed by their terms to rank junior or senior to such Series of 
Subordinated Notes and (C) in priority to the claims of shareholders 
of the Issuer and to the claims of creditors of the Issuer holding 
instruments that are more subordinated than the Subordinated Notes 
(including Additional Tier 1 Capital). 
In the event the Subordinated Notes of any Series do not qualify or 
cease to qualify, in their entirety, as own funds, such Subordinated 
Notes shall rank subordinated and junior to unsubordinated 
unsecured creditors (including depositors and holders of Senior 
Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes) of the Issuer, pari passu 
among themselves and with the Issuer's obligations in respect of any 
other subordinated instruments which have ceased to qualify, in 
their entirety, as own funds items (elementi di fondi propri) and with 
all other present and future subordinated obligations of the Issuer 
which do not rank or are not expressed by their terms and/or by 
mandatory and/or overriding provisions of law to rank junior or 
senior to the relevant Subordinated Notes (which have so ceased to

--- Page 15 ---
10261197493-v5 
- 4 - 
47-41058517 
 
qualify, in their entirety, as own funds in the form of Tier 2 Capital) 
and senior to own fund items (elementi di fondi propri). 
Subject to the provisions of Condition 4 (Status of Additional Tier 1 
Notes) of the Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes in 
Physical Form and Condition 4 (Status of Additional Tier 1 Notes) 
of the Terms and Conditions for the Dematerialised Notes, the 
Additional Tier 1 Notes will constitute direct, unsecured and 
subordinated obligations of the Issuer, intended to qualify for 
regulatory purposes as Additional Tier 1 Capital of the Issuer and 
the Group in accordance with Article 52 of the CRR and Part II, 
Chapter 1 of Prudential Regulations for Banks and ranking, for so 
long as the relevant Series of Subordinated Notes qualify, in whole 
or in part, as Additional Tier 1 Capital: 
(i) 
subordinated and junior to all present or future 
indebtedness of the Issuer, including unsubordinated 
indebtedness of the Issuer (which, for the avoidance of 
doubt, includes any senior non-preferred instruments of 
the Issuer or guarantee in respect of any such instruments), 
the Issuer's obligations in respect of any dated 
subordinated instruments, any subordinated instruments 
that have ceased to qualify, in their entirety, as own fund 
items (elementi di fondi propri), any instruments issued as 
Tier 2 Capital or eligible liabilities (under CRR or any 
other relevant regulation) of the Issuer or guarantee in 
respect of any such instruments (other than any instrument 
or contractual right ranking, or expressed to rank, pari 
passu with the Additional Tier 1 Notes); 
(ii) 
pari passu among themselves and with the Issuer's present 
or future obligations in respect of any Additional Tier 1 
Capital instruments or any other instruments or 
obligations which rank or are expressed to rank pari passu 
with the Additional Tier 1 Notes or, in each case, any 
guarantee in respect of such instruments; and 
(iii) 
senior to: 
(A) 
the share capital of the Issuer, including, if any, its 
azioni privilegiate, ordinary shares and azioni di 
risparmio; 
(B) 
(i) any present or future securities of the Issuer 
(including strumenti finanziari issued under 
Article 2346, paragraph 6 of the Italian Civil 
Code); and (ii) any securities issued by a 
Subsidiary which have the benefit of a guarantee 
or similar instrument from the Issuer, 
which securities (in the case of paragraph (B)(i) above) or 
guarantee or similar instrument (in the case of paragraph 
(B)(ii) above) rank or are expressed to rank pari passu 
with the claims described under paragraph (A) above 
and/or otherwise junior to the Additional Tier 1 Notes. 
In the event the Additional Tier 1 Notes are fully excluded from the 
Issuer's Additional Tier 1 Capital and for so long as they qualify as, 
in whole or in part, as Tier 2 Capital, such Additional Tier 1 Notes 
shall rank (i) after unsubordinated unsecured creditors (including 
depositors and any holder of Senior Notes, Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes (and the respective Coupons of the Notes in Physical Form)) 
of the Issuer and all other creditors of the Issuer holding instruments 
that are less subordinated than the relevant Additional Tier 1 Notes 
which have so ceased to qualify, in their entirety, as own funds in 
the form of Additional Tier 1 Capital (including any subordinated

--- Page 16 ---
10261197493-v5 
- 5 - 
47-41058517 
 
instruments that have ceased to qualify, in their entirety, as own 
fund items (elementi di fondi propri)), (ii) at least pari passu with 
all other subordinated obligations of the Issuer which do not rank or 
are not expressed by their terms to rank junior or senior to such 
Series of Additional Tier 1 Notes (which have so ceased to qualify, 
in their entirety, as own funds in the form of Additional Tier 1 
Capital) and (iii) in priority to the claims of shareholders of the 
Issuer and to the claims of creditors of the Issuer holding 
instruments that are more subordinated than the relevant Additional 
Tier 1 Notes (which have so ceased to qualify, in their entirety, as 
own funds in the form of Additional Tier 1 Capital), including 
Additional Tier 1 Capital. 
In the event the Additional Tier 1 Notes of any Series do not qualify 
or cease to qualify, in their entirety, as own funds, such Additional 
Tier 1 Notes shall rank subordinated and junior to unsubordinated 
unsecured creditors (including depositors and holders of Senior 
Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes) of the Issuer, pari passu 
among themselves and with the Issuer's obligations in respect of any 
other subordinated instruments which have ceased to qualify, in 
their entirety, as own funds items (elementi di fondi propri) and with 
all other present and future subordinated obligations of the Issuer 
which do not rank or are not expressed by their terms and/or by 
mandatory and/or overriding provisions of law to rank junior or 
senior to the relevant Additional Tier 1 Notes (which have so ceased 
to qualify, in their entirety, as own funds in the form of Additional 
Tier 1 Capital) and senior to own fund items (elementi di fondi 
propri). 
Modification 
or 
Substitution 
of 
Subordinated 
Notes 
following 
a 
Regulatory Event or a Tax Event:  
With respect to the English Law Notes in Physical Form only, if 
Modification or Substitution of Subordinated Notes for Regulatory 
Event or Tax Event is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, the 
Issuer may without the consent of the holders of Subordinated Notes 
substitute new notes for the Subordinated Notes whereby such new 
notes shall replace the Subordinated Notes, or vary the terms of the 
Subordinated Notes subject to Condition 18.1 (Modification or 
Substitution of Subordinated Notes following a Regulatory Event or 
a Tax Event) of the Terms and Conditions for the English Law Notes 
in Physical Form.  
Modification 
or 
Substitution 
of 
Senior 
Notes 
and 
Senior 
Non-
Preferred Notes following a MREL 
Disqualification Event 
With respect to the English Law Notes in Physical Form only, if 
Modification or Substitution of Notes for MREL Disqualification 
Event is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, the Issuer may 
without the consent of the holders of Senior Notes or Senior Non-
Preferred Notes substitute new notes for the Senior Notes or Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes whereby such new notes shall replace the 
Senior Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes, or vary the terms of 
the Senior Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes subject to 
Condition 18.2 (Modification or Substitution of Senior Notes and 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes following a MREL Disqualification 
Event) of the Terms and Conditions for the English Law Notes in 
Physical Form.  
Maturities:  
Any maturity or no fixed maturity date, subject, in relation to 
specific currencies, to compliance with all applicable legal and/or 
regulatory and/or central bank requirements.  
In the case of Senior Non-Preferred Notes, unless otherwise 
permitted by current laws, regulations, directives and/or the 
Relevant Authority's requirements applicable to the issue of Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes by the Issuer, Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
shall have a maturity of not less than twelve months.

--- Page 17 ---
10261197493-v5 
- 6 - 
47-41058517 
 
In the case of Subordinated Notes, unless otherwise permitted by 
current laws, regulations, directives and/or the Relevant Authority's 
requirements applicable to the issue of Subordinated Notes by the 
Issuer, Subordinated Notes must have a minimum maturity of five 
years (or, if issued for an indefinite duration, redemption of such 
Notes may only occur five years after their date of issue). 
Where Notes have a maturity of less than one year and either (a) the 
issue proceeds are received by the Issuer in the United Kingdom or 
(b) the activity of issuing the Notes is carried on from an 
establishment maintained by the Issuer in the United Kingdom, such 
Notes must: (i) have a minimum redemption value of £100,000 (or 
its equivalent in other currencies) and be issued only to persons 
whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, 
managing or disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for the 
purposes of their businesses or who it is reasonable to expect will 
acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as principal or 
agent) for the purposes of their businesses; or (ii) be issued in other 
circumstances which do not constitute a contravention of section 19 
of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the "FSMA") by 
the Issuer. 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as provided 
in the relevant Conditions, the Additional Tier 1 Notes will become 
repayable on the date on which voluntary or involuntary winding 
up, dissolution, liquidation or bankruptcy (including, inter alia, 
Liquidazione Coatta Amministrativa) proceedings are instituted in 
respect of the Issuer, in accordance with (a) a resolution of the 
shareholders' meeting of the Issuer, (b) any provision of the by-laws 
of the Issuer (currently, the maturity of the Issuer is set in its by-
laws at 31 December 2050 and may be extended by resolution), or 
(c) any applicable legal provision, or any decision of any judicial or 
administrative authority. Thereupon, the Additional Tier 1 Notes 
will become due and payable at an amount equal to their Prevailing 
Principal Amount, together with any accrued but unpaid interest (to 
the extent not cancelled in accordance with Condition 12.5 
(Cancellation of Interest Amounts) of the Terms and Conditions for 
the Italian Law Notes in Physical Form and Condition 12.5 
(Cancellation of Interest Amounts) of the Terms and Conditions for 
the Dematerialised Notes) up to, but excluding the date fixed for 
redemption, and any additional amounts due pursuant to Condition 
16 (Taxation). 
"Prevailing Principal Amount" means, in respect of an Additional 
Tier 1 Note on any date, the Initial Principal Amount of such 
Additional Tier 1 Note as reduced from time to time (on one or more 
occasions) pursuant to a Write-Down and/or reinstated from time to 
time (on one or more occasions) pursuant to a Write-Up in each case 
on or prior to such date. 
Issue Price: 
Notes may be issued at any price, as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. The price and amount of Notes to be issued under the 
Programme will be determined by the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer(s) at the time of issue in accordance with prevailing market 
conditions. 
Form of Notes in Physical Form: 
The Notes in Physical Form will be in bearer form and will on issue 
be represented by either a Temporary Global Note or a Permanent 
Global Note as specified in the relevant Final Terms. Temporary 
Global Notes will be exchangeable for either (i) interests in a 
Permanent Global Note or (ii) definitive Notes, as indicated in the 
relevant Final Terms. Permanent Global Notes will be exchangeable 
for definitive Notes upon either (i) not less than 60 days' written 
notice from Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (acting on

--- Page 18 ---
10261197493-v5 
- 7 - 
47-41058517 
 
the instructions of any holder of an interest in such Permanent 
Global Note) to the Agent as described therein or (ii) only upon the 
occurrence of the events described under "Form of the Notes". 
Form of the Dematerialised Notes: 
The Dematerialised Notes will be in bearer form and will be held in 
dematerialised form on behalf of the beneficial owners, until 
redemption or cancellation thereof, by Monte Titoli for the account 
of the relevant Monte Titoli Account Holders as of their respective 
date of issue. The expression "Monte Titoli Account Holders" 
means any authorised financial intermediary institution entitled to 
hold accounts on behalf of their customers with Monte Titoli and 
includes any depository banks appointed by Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg. The Dematerialised Notes have been 
accepted for clearance by Monte Titoli. The Dematerialised Notes 
will at all times be held in book entry form and title to the 
Dematerialised Notes will be evidenced by book entries pursuant to 
the relevant provisions of the Financial Services Act and in 
accordance with the CONSOB and Bank of Italy Joint Regulation. 
The Noteholders may not require physical delivery of 
Dematerialised Notes. However, the Noteholders may ask the 
relevant intermediaries for certification of their holding pursuant to 
Article 83-quinquies and 83-sexies of the Financial Services Act. 
Interest: 
Notes may be interest-bearing or non-interest bearing. Interest (if 
any) may accrue at a fixed rate or a floating rate, or interest may 
initially accrue at a fixed rate and then switch to a floating rate, or 
interest may initially accrue at a floating rate and then switch to a 
fixed rate or otherwise. The method of calculating interest may vary 
between the issue date and the maturity date of the relevant Series. 
Redemption: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early redemption or 
repayment, Notes are redeemable at par as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
The redemption of Senior Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
pursuant to Conditions 11.2 (Redemption for Taxation Reasons), 
11.4 (Redemption at the Option of the Issuer) and 11.8 (Issuer Call 
Due to a MREL Disqualification Event) of the Terms and 
Conditions for the English Law Notes in Physical Form, Conditions 
15.3 (Redemption for Taxation Reasons), 15.5 (Redemption at the 
Option of the Issuer) and 15.10 (Issuer Call Due to a MREL 
Disqualification Event) of the Terms and Conditions for the Italian 
Law Notes in Physical Form and Conditions 15.5 (Redemption at 
the Option of the Issuer) and 15.10 (Issuer Call Due to a MREL 
Disqualification Event) of the Terms and Conditions for the 
Dematerialised Notes shall be subject to compliance by the Issuer 
with any conditions to such redemption or purchase prescribed by 
the MREL Requirements at the relevant time, including, as relevant, 
the condition that the Issuer has obtained the prior permission of the 
Relevant Authority in accordance with Article 78a of the CRR.  
The redemption at maturity of Subordinated Notes pursuant to 
Condition 11.1 (Final Redemption) of the Terms and Conditions for 
the English Law Notes in Physical Form, Condition 15.1 (Final 
Redemption) of the Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes 
in Physical Form and Condition 15.1 (Final Redemption) of the 
Terms and Conditions for the Dematerialised Notes and any early 
redemption pursuant to Conditions 11.2 (Redemption for Taxation 
Reasons), 11.3 (Redemption for Regulatory Reasons) and 11.4 
(Redemption at the Option of the Issuer) of the Terms and 
Conditions for the English Law Notes in Physical Form, Conditions 
15.3 (Redemption for Taxation Reasons), 15.4 (Redemption for 
Regulatory Reasons) and 15.5 (Redemption at the Option of the

--- Page 19 ---
10261197493-v5 
- 8 - 
47-41058517 
 
Issuer) of the Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes in 
Physical Form and Conditions 15.3 (Redemption for Taxation 
Reasons), 15.4 (Redemption for Regulatory Reasons) and 15.5 
(Redemption at the Option of the Issuer) of the Terms and 
Conditions for the Dematerialised Notes shall be subject to the prior 
approval of the Relevant Authority and in accordance with 
applicable laws and regulations, including Articles 77 and 78 of the 
CRR or, if different, the then Applicable Banking Regulations, and 
is subject to the provisions of Condition 11.6 (Redemption of 
Subordinated Notes) of the Terms and Conditions for the English 
Law Notes in Physical Form, Condition 15.8 (Redemption of 
Subordinated Notes and Additional Tier 1 Notes) of the Terms and 
Conditions for the Italian Law Notes in Physical Form and 
Condition 15.8 (Redemption of Subordinated Notes and Additional 
Tier 1 Notes) of the Terms and Conditions for the Dematerialised 
Notes.  
If such approval is not given on or prior to the relevant redemption 
date, the Issuer will re-apply to the Relevant Authority for its 
consent to such redemption as soon as the conditions permit. The 
Issuer will use its best endeavours to maintain the required 
regulatory capital and to obtain such approval. 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as provided 
in the relevant Conditions, the Additional Tier 1 Notes will become 
repayable on the date on which voluntary or involuntary winding 
up, dissolution, liquidation or bankruptcy (including, inter alia, 
Liquidazione Coatta Amministrativa) proceedings are instituted in 
respect of the Issuer, in accordance with (a) a resolution of the 
shareholders' meeting of the Issuer, (b) any provision of the by-laws 
of the Issuer (currently, the maturity of the Issuer is set in its by-
laws at 31 December 2050 and may be extended by resolution), or 
(c) any applicable legal provision, or any decision of any judicial or 
administrative authority. Thereupon, the Additional Tier 1 Notes 
will become due and payable at an amount equal to their Prevailing 
Principal Amount, together with any accrued but unpaid interest (to 
the extent not cancelled in accordance with Condition 12.5 
(Cancellation of Interest Amounts) of the Terms and Conditions for 
the Italian Law Notes in Physical Form and Condition 12.5 
(Cancellation of Interest Amounts) of the Terms and Conditions for 
the Dematerialised Notes) up to, but excluding the date fixed for 
redemption, and any additional amounts due pursuant to Condition 
16 (Taxation). 
Optional Redemption:  
Notes may be redeemed before their stated maturity at the option of 
the Issuer (either in whole or in part) and/or (in case of Senior Notes 
and Senior Non-Preferred Notes) at the option of the Issuer due to a 
MREL Disqualification Event and/or (where the Notes are Senior 
Notes) at the option of the Noteholders to the extent (if at all) 
specified in the applicable Final Terms and subject to all relevant 
legal and regulatory requirements.  
In the case of Subordinated Notes and Additional Tier 1 Notes, early 
redemption may occur only with the prior approval of the Relevant 
Authority and in accordance with applicable laws and regulations, 
including Articles 77 and 78 of the CRR. 
In the case of Senior Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes, early 
redemption shall be subject to the prior approval of the Relevant 
Authority and in accordance with applicable laws and regulations, 
including Article 78(a) of the CRR. 
Tax or Regulatory Redemption 
Except as described in "Optional Redemption" above, early 
redemption will only be permitted for tax reasons as described in

--- Page 20 ---
10261197493-v5 
- 9 - 
47-41058517 
 
Conditions 11.2 (Redemption for Taxation Reasons) of the Terms 
and Conditions for the English Law Notes in Physical Form, 
Condition 15.3 (Redemption for Taxation Reasons) of the Terms 
and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes in Physical Form and 
Condition 15.3 (Redemption for Taxation Reasons) of the Terms 
and Conditions for the Dematerialised Notes, as applicable. In the 
case of (i) Subordinated Notes, for regulatory reasons, in accordance 
with Condition 11.3 (Redemption for Regulatory Reasons) of the 
Terms and Conditions for the English Law Notes in Physical Form; 
(ii) Subordinated Notes and Additional Tier 1 Notes, for regulatory 
reasons, in accordance with Condition 15.4 (Redemption for 
Regulatory Reasons) of the Terms and Conditions for the Italian 
Law Notes in Physical Form and (iii) Subordinated Notes and 
Additional Tier 1 Notes, for regulatory reasons, in accordance with 
Condition 15.4 (Redemption for Regulatory Reasons) of the Terms 
and Conditions for the Dematerialised Notes. 
Clean-up Redemption Option: 
Notes may be redeemed, in whole but not in part and to the extent 
(if at all) specified in the relevant Final Terms, if 75% or any higher 
percentage specified in the relevant Final Terms of the initial 
aggregate nominal amount of the Notes of the same Series (which 
for the avoidance of doubt includes, any additional Notes issued 
subsequently and forming a single series with the first Tranche of a 
particular Series of Notes) have been redeemed or purchased by, or 
on behalf of, the Issuers and cancelled. Any such redemption shall 
be subject to the prior consent of the Regulatory Authority. 
Other provisions in relation to Italian 
Law Notes in Physical Form and 
Dematerialised 
Notes 
which 
are 
Additional Tier 1 Notes: 
Cancellation of Interest Amounts 
The Issuer may at any time elect at its full discretion to cancel (in 
whole or in part) for an unlimited period and on a non-cumulative 
basis the Interest Amounts otherwise scheduled to be paid on an 
Interest Payment Date. 
Without prejudice to (i) such full discretion of the Issuer to cancel 
the Interest Amounts and (ii) the prohibition on making payments 
on the Additional Tier 1 Notes pursuant to any provisions of Italian 
law implementing Article 141(2) of the CRD IV, as amended or 
replaced and, if relevant, in any other similar payment restriction 
provision(s) under the Applicable Banking Regulations, before the 
Maximum Distributable Amount is calculated, payment of Interest 
Amounts on any Interest Payment Date must be cancelled (in whole 
or, as the case may be, in part) if and to the extent that such Interest 
Amounts: 
(a) 
when aggregated together with distributions on all other 
Own Funds instruments of the Issuer (excluding Tier 2 
Capital instruments) paid or scheduled for payment in the 
then current financial year and any potential write-ups 
exceed the amount of Distributable Items, excluding any 
payments already accounted for in determining the 
Distributable Items; and/or 
(b) 
when aggregated together with other distributions of the 
Issuer or the Group, as applicable, of the kind referred to 
in Article 141(2) of the CRD IV and, if relevant, in any 
other similar payment restriction provision(s) under the 
Applicable Banking Regulations (or, if different, any 
provisions of Italian law implementing Article 141(2) of 
the CRD IV, as amended or replaced) and, if relevant, 
such other provision(s) and the amount of any write-up (if 
applicable), would, if paid, cause the Maximum 
Distributable Amount (if any) then applicable to the Issuer 
and/or the Group to be exceeded; and/or

--- Page 21 ---
10261197493-v5 
- 10 - 
47-41058517 
 
(c) 
are required to be cancelled (in whole or in part) by an 
order to the Issuer from the Relevant Authority. 
Interest shall also be cancelled if a Contingency Event occurs, as set 
out in Condition 13.2 (Loss absorption) of the Terms and 
Conditions for the Italian Law Notes in Physical Form and 
Condition 13.2 (Loss absorption) of the Terms and Conditions for 
the Dematerialised Notes. 
See Condition 12.5 (Cancellation of Interest Amount) of the Terms 
and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes in Physical Form and 
Condition 12.5 (Cancellation of Interest Amount) of the Terms and 
Conditions for the Dematerialised Notes. 
"Distributable Items" means, subject as otherwise defined in the 
Applicable Banking Regulations from time to time, in relation to 
interest otherwise scheduled to be paid on an Interest Payment Date: 
(a) 
an amount equal to the Issuer's profits at the end of the 
financial year immediately preceding the financial year in 
which the relevant Interest Payment Date falls plus any 
profits brought forward and reserves available for that 
purpose before distributions to holders of Own Funds 
instruments (which, for the avoidance of doubt, excludes 
any such distributions paid or made on Tier 2 Capital 
instruments or any such distributions which have already 
been provided for, by way of deduction, in calculating the 
amount of Distributable Items); less 
(b) 
an amount equal to any losses brought forward, any profits 
which are non-distributable pursuant to applicable 
European Union or Italian law or the by-laws of the Issuer 
from time to time and any sums placed to non-distributable 
reserves in accordance with applicable Italian law or the 
by-laws of the Issuer from time to time, in each case with 
respect to the specific category of Own Funds instruments 
to which European Union or Italian law or the by-laws of 
the Issuer or statutes relate, 
those profits, losses and reserves being determined on the basis of 
the Issuer's non-consolidated accounts. 
"Maximum Distributable Amount" means any applicable 
maximum distributable amount relating to the Issuer and/or the 
Group, as the case may be, required to be calculated in accordance 
with the CRD IV Directive and/or any other Applicable Banking 
Regulation(s) (or any provision of Italian law transposing or 
implementing the CRD IV Directive and/or, if relevant, any other 
Applicable Banking Regulation(s)) if the Issuer and/or the Group is 
failing to meet any applicable requirements or any buffers relating 
to such requirements including, without limitation, the maximum 
distributable amount (MDA) required to be calculated in accordance 
with Article 141 of the CRD IV Directive, the maximum 
distributable amount related to the minimum requirement for Own 
Funds and eligible liabilities (M-MDA) required to be calculated in 
accordance with Article 16a of the BRRD, if a corresponding 
payment restriction provision is applicable to the Issuer or the Group 
(as the case may be) at that point in time. 
Calculation of Interest Amount in case of Write-Down 
Subject to Condition 12.5 (Cancellation of Interest Amounts) of the 
Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes in Physical Form 
and Condition 12.5 (Cancellation of Interest Amounts) of the Terms 
and Conditions for the Dematerialised Notes, in the event that a 
Write-Down occurs during an Interest Period, any accrued and 
unpaid interest shall be cancelled pursuant to Condition 13.2(c)

--- Page 22 ---
10261197493-v5 
- 11 - 
47-41058517 
 
(Loss absorption) of the Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law 
Notes and Condition 13.2(c) of the Terms and Conditions for the 
Dematerialised Notes and the Interest Amount payable on the 
Interest Payment Date immediately following such Interest Period 
shall be calculated in accordance with Condition 12.2 (Calculation 
of Interest Amount) of the Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law 
Notes in Physical Form and Condition 12.2 (Calculation of Interest 
Amount) of the Terms and Conditions for the Dematerialised Notes, 
provided that the Day Count Fraction shall be determined as if such 
Interest Period started on, and included, the Write-Down Effective 
Date. 
Calculation of Interest Amount in case of Write-Up 
Subject to Condition 12.5 (Cancellation of Interest Amounts) of the 
Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes in Physical Form 
and Condition 12.5 (Cancellation of Interest Amounts) of the Terms 
and Conditions for the Dematerialised Notes, in the event that a 
Write-Up occurs during an Interest Period, the Interest Amount 
payable on the Interest Payment Date immediately following such 
Interest Period shall be calculated as the sum (rounding the resulting 
figure to the nearest cent, with half a cent being rounded upwards) 
of the following: 
(a) 
the product of the applicable Rate of Interest, the 
Prevailing Principal Amount before such Write-Up, and 
the Day Count Fraction (determined as if the Interest 
Period ended on, but excluded, the date of such Write-Up); 
and 
(b) 
the product of the applicable Rate of Interest, the 
Prevailing Principal Amount after such Write-Up, and the 
Day Count Fraction (determined as if the Interest Period 
started on, and included, the date of such Write-Up). 
No restriction following cancellation of Interest Amounts 
In the event that the Issuer exercises its discretion not to pay interest 
or is prohibited from paying interest on any Interest Payment Date, 
it will not give rise to any contractual restriction on the Issuer 
making distributions or any other payments to the holders of any 
securities ranking pari passu with, or junior to, the Additional Tier 
1 Notes (or, for the avoidance of doubt, Tier 2 Capital instruments). 
Loss absorption 
If, at any time, the Common Equity Tier 1 Capital Ratio of the Issuer 
or the Group falls below 5.125% ("Contingency Event"), the Issuer 
shall: 
(a) 
immediately notify the Relevant Authority of the 
occurrence of the relevant Contingency Event; 
(b) 
as soon as reasonably practicable deliver a Loss 
Absorption Event Notice to Noteholders (in accordance 
with Condition 20 (Notices) of the Terms and Conditions 
for the Italian Law Notes in Physical Form and Condition 
of the Terms and Condition 19 for the Dematerialised 
Notes), the Agent and the Paying Agents (provided that 
failure or delay in delivering a Loss Absorption Event 
Notice shall not constitute a default for any purpose or in 
any way impact on the effectiveness of, or otherwise 
invalidate, any Write-Down); 
(c) 
cancel any accrued and unpaid interest up to (but 
excluding) the Write-Down Effective Date; and

--- Page 23 ---
10261197493-v5 
- 12 - 
47-41058517 
 
(d) 
without delay, and in any event within one month (or such 
shorter period as the Relevant Authority may require) from 
the determination that the relevant Contingency Event has 
occurred, reduce the then Prevailing Principal Amount of 
each Additional Tier 1 Note by the Write-Down Amount 
(such reduction being referred to as a Write-Down and 
Written Down being construed accordingly). 
Whether a Contingency Event has occurred at any time shall be 
determined by the Issuer, the Relevant Authority or any agent 
appointed for such purpose by the Relevant Authority. 
For the avoidance of doubt, even if the cancellation of interest 
pursuant to Condition 13.2(c) (Loss absorption) of the Terms and 
Conditions for the Italian Law Notes in Physical Form and 
Condition 13.2(c) (Loss absorption) of the Terms and Conditions 
for the Dematerialised Notes would cure the relevant Contingency 
Event, the relevant Write-Down shall occur in any event and any 
increase in the Common Equity Tier 1 Capital Ratio as a result of 
such cancellation of interest shall be disregarded for the purpose of 
calculating the relevant Write-Down Amount in respect of such 
Contingency Event. 
Any Write-Down of an Additional Tier 1 Note will be effected, save 
as may otherwise be required by the Relevant Authority and subject 
as otherwise provided in these Conditions, pro rata with the Write-
Down of other Additional Tier 1 Notes and with the concurrent (or 
substantially concurrent) write-down (or write-off) or conversion 
into Ordinary Shares, as the case may be, of any Equal Loss 
Absorbing Instruments (based on the prevailing amount of the 
relevant Equal Loss Absorbing Instrument). To the extent possible, 
the write-down (or write-off) or conversion into Ordinary Shares of 
any Prior Loss Absorbing Instruments will be taken into account in 
the calculation of the Write Down Amount, and of the amount of 
write-down (or write-off) or conversion into Ordinary Shares of any 
Equal Loss Absorbing Instruments, required to cure the relevant 
Contingency Event. 
A Write-Down may occur on more than one occasion and the 
Additional Tier 1 Notes may be Written Down on more than one 
occasion. 
Following the giving of a Loss Absorption Event Notice which 
specifies a Write-Down of the Additional Tier 1 Notes, the Issuer 
shall procure that: 
(a) 
a similar notice is, or has been, given in respect of each 
Loss Absorbing Instrument (in accordance with, and to the 
extent required by, its terms); and 
(b) 
the prevailing principal amount of each Loss Absorbing 
Instrument outstanding (other than the Additional Tier 1 
Notes) (if any) is written down (or written-off) or 
converted, as appropriate, in accordance with its terms 
prior to or, as appropriate, as soon as reasonably 
practicable following the giving of such Loss Absorption 
Event Notice, 
provided, however, that any failure by the Issuer either to give 
such a notice or to procure such a write down and/or conversion will 
not affect the effectiveness of, or otherwise invalidate, any Write 
Down of the Notes pursuant to Condition 13.2 (Loss absorption) of 
the Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes in Physical 
Form and Condition 13.2 (Loss absorption) of the Terms and 
Conditions for the Dematerialised Notes or give Noteholders any

--- Page 24 ---
10261197493-v5 
- 13 - 
47-41058517 
 
rights as a result of either such failure (and, for the avoidance of 
doubt, the Write Down Amount may increase as a result thereof). 
"Equal Loss Absorbing Instrument" means at any time, any 
instrument (irrespective of whether such instrument is included in 
the Tier 1 Capital or Tier 2 Capital of the Issuer or the Group and 
irrespective of whether such instrument ranks or is expressed to rank 
senior to, pari passu with, or junior to the Additional Tier 1 Notes) 
issued directly or indirectly by the Issuer (other than the Additional 
Tier 1 Notes) which contains provisions relating to a write-down (or 
write-off) (whether on a permanent or temporary basis) or 
conversion into Ordinary Shares of the principal amount of such 
instrument (in each case in accordance with its conditions or 
otherwise) on the occurrence, or as a result, of the Common Equity 
Tier 1 Capital Ratio of the Issuer and/or the Group falling below a 
level that is equal to 5.125%, in respect of which the conditions (if 
any) to the operation of such provisions are (or with the giving of 
any certificate or notice which is capable of being given by the 
Issuer, would be) satisfied. 
"Loss Absorbing Instrument" means an Equal Loss Absorbing 
Instrument and/or a Prior Loss Absorbing Instrument, as applicable. 
"Prior Loss Absorbing Instrument" means, at any time, any 
instrument (irrespective of whether such instrument is included in 
the Tier 1 Capital or Tier 2 Capital of the Issuer or the Group and 
irrespective of whether such instrument ranks or is expressed to rank 
senior to, pari passu with, or junior to the Notes) issued directly or 
indirectly by the Issuer which contains provisions relating to a write-
down (or write-off) (whether on a permanent or temporary basis) or 
conversion into Ordinary Shares of the principal amount of such 
instrument (in each case in accordance with its conditions or 
otherwise) on the occurrence, or as a result, of the Common Equity 
Tier 1 Capital Ratio of the Issuer and/or the Group falling below a 
level that is higher than 5.125%, in respect of which the conditions 
(if any) to the operation of such provisions are (or with the giving 
of any certificate or notice which is capable of being given by the 
Issuer, would be) satisfied. 
"Risk Weighted Assets" means, at any time, the aggregate amount 
of the risk weighted assets of the Issuer or the Group, as the case 
may be, at such time calculated by the Issuer in accordance with the 
Applicable Banking Regulations, which calculation shall be binding 
on Noteholders. 
"Write-Down Amount" means the amount by which the then 
Prevailing Principal Amount of each outstanding Additional Tier 1 
Note is to be Written Down with effect as of the Write-Down 
Effective Date on a pro rata basis pursuant to a Write-Down, being: 
(i) 
the amount that (together with (a) the concurrent Write-
Down of the other Additional Tier 1 Notes and (b) the 
concurrent or substantially concurrent write-down (or 
write-off) or conversion to the extent possible of any Loss 
Absorbing Instruments) would be sufficient to cure the 
Contingency Event(s); or 
(ii) 
if that Write-Down (together with (a) the concurrent Write-
Down of the other Additional Tier 1 Notes and (b) the 
concurrent or substantially concurrent write-down (or 
write-off) or conversion of any Loss Absorbing 
Instruments) would be insufficient to cure the Contingency 
Event(s), or the Contingency Event(s) is not capable of 
being cured, the amount necessary to reduce the Prevailing

--- Page 25 ---
10261197493-v5 
- 14 - 
47-41058517 
 
Principal Amount to the sub-unit of the Specified 
Currency. 
In respect of any Write-Down, to the extent the write-down (or 
write-off) or conversion into Ordinary Shares of any Loss 
Absorbing Instrument is not, or within one month (or such shorter 
period as the Relevant Authority may require) from the 
determination that the relevant Contingency Event has occurred will 
not be, effective for any reason (i) the ineffectiveness of any such 
write-down (or write-off) or conversion into Ordinary Shares of any 
Loss Absorbing Instrument shall not prejudice the requirement to 
effect the Write-Down of the Additional Tier 1 Notes pursuant to 
Condition 13.2 (Loss absorption) of the Terms and Conditions for 
the Italian Law Notes in Physical Form and Condition 13.2 (Loss 
absorption) of the Terms and Conditions for the Dematerialised 
Notes; and (ii) such write-down (or write-off) or conversion into 
Ordinary Shares shall not be taken into account in calculating the 
Write-Down Amount in respect of such Write-Down. For the 
avoidance of doubt, the write-down (or write-off) or conversion into 
Ordinary Shares of any Loss Absorbing Instrument will only be 
taken into account in the calculation of the Write-Down Amount to 
the extent (and in the amount, if any) that such Loss Absorbing 
Instrument can actually be written-down (or written-off) or 
converted into Ordinary Shares in the relevant circumstances within 
one month (or such shorter period as the Relevant Authority may 
require) from the determination that the relevant Contingency Event 
has occurred. 
If, in connection with a Write-Down or the calculation of a Write-
Down Amount, there are outstanding any Loss Absorbing 
Instruments the terms of which provide that they shall be written-
down (or written-off) or converted into Ordinary Shares in full and 
not in part only ("Full Loss Absorbing Instruments") then: 
(A) 
the requirement that a Write-Down of the Additional Tier 
1 Notes shall be effected pro rata with the write-down (or 
write-off) or conversion into Ordinary Shares, as the case 
may be, of any such Loss Absorbing Instruments shall not 
be construed as requiring the Additional Tier 1 Notes to be 
Written-Down in full (or in full save for the sub-unit floor) 
simply by virtue of the fact that such Full Loss Absorbing 
Instruments will be written-down (or written-off) or 
converted in full; and 
(B) 
for the purposes of calculating the Write-Down Amount, 
the Full Loss Absorbing Instruments will be treated (for 
the purposes only of determining the write-down (or write-
off) of principal or conversion into Ordinary Shares, as the 
case may be, among the Additional Tier 1 Notes and such 
other Loss Absorbing Instruments on a pro rata basis) as 
if their terms permitted partial write-down (or write-off) or 
conversion into Ordinary Shares, such that the write-down 
(or write-off) or conversion into Ordinary Shares of such 
Full Loss Absorbing Instruments shall be deemed to occur 
in two concurrent stages: (a) first, the principal amount of 
such Full Loss Absorbing Instruments shall be written-
down (or written-off) or converted into Ordinary Shares 
pro rata with the Additional Tier 1 Notes and all other Loss 
Absorbing Instruments (in each case subject to and as 
provided in the preceding paragraph) to the extent 
necessary to cure the relevant Contingency Event; and (b) 
secondly, the balance (if any) of the principal amount of 
such Full Loss Absorbing Instruments remaining 
following (a) above shall be written-down (or written-off)

--- Page 26 ---
10261197493-v5 
- 15 - 
47-41058517 
 
or converted into Ordinary Shares, as the case may be, with 
the effect of increasing the Issuer's and/or the Group's, as 
the case may be, Common Equity Tier 1 Capital Ratio 
above the minimum required level under (a) above. 
See Condition 13.2 (Loss absorption) of the Terms and Conditions 
for the Italian Law Notes in Physical Form and Condition 13.2 (Loss 
absorption) of the Terms and Conditions for the Dematerialised 
Notes. 
Reinstatement of principal amount 
If both a positive Net Banking Income and a positive Consolidated 
Net Banking Income are recorded at any time while the Prevailing 
Principal Amount of the Additional Tier 1 Notes is less than their 
Initial Principal Amount, the Issuer may, at its full discretion and 
subject to the Maximum Distributable Amount (if any) (when the 
amount of the Write-Up is aggregated together with other 
distributions of the Issuer or the Group, as applicable, of the kind 
referred to in Article 141(2) of the CRD IV and, if relevant, in any 
other similar payment restriction provision(s) under the Applicable 
Banking Regulations (or, if different, any provision of Italian law 
implementing Article 141(2) of the CRD IV, as amended or 
replaced, or if relevant, such other provision(s))) not being exceeded 
thereby, increase the Prevailing Principal Amount of each Note (a 
"Write-Up") up to a maximum of the Initial Principal Amount, on 
a pro rata basis with the other Additional Tier 1 Notes and with any 
Written-Down Additional Tier 1 Instruments that have terms 
permitting a principal write-up to occur on a basis similar to that set 
out in Condition 13.4 (Reinstatement of principal amount) of the 
Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes in Physical Form 
and Condition 13.4 (Reinstatement of principal amount) of the 
Terms and Conditions for the Dematerialised Notes in the 
circumstances existing on the date of the relevant Write-Up (based 
on their prevailing principal amounts), provided that the sum of: 
(i) 
the aggregate amount of the relevant Write-Up on all the 
Additional Tier 1 Notes (aggregated with the aggregate 
amounts of any other Write-Ups out of the same Relevant 
Net Banking Income); 
(ii) 
the aggregate amount of any interest payments on the 
Additional Tier 1 Notes that were paid on the basis of a 
Prevailing Principal Amount lower than the Initial 
Principal Amount at any time after the end of the previous 
financial year, 
(iii) 
the aggregate amount of the increase in principal amount 
of each such Written-Down Additional Tier 1 Instrument 
at the time of the relevant Write-Up; and 
(iv) 
the aggregate amount of any interest payments on each 
such Written-Down Additional Tier 1 Instrument that were 
calculated or paid on the basis of a prevailing principal 
amount that is lower than the principal amount it was 
issued with at any time after the end of the previous 
financial year, 
does not exceed the Maximum Write-Up Amount. 
"Maximum Write-Up Amount" means: 
(a) 
if the Relevant Net Banking Income for the relevant Write-
Up is equal to the Consolidated Net Banking Income, the 
Consolidated Net Banking Income multiplied by the sum 
of the aggregate Initial Principal Amount of the Additional 
Tier 1 Notes and the aggregate initial principal amount of

--- Page 27 ---
10261197493-v5 
- 16 - 
47-41058517 
 
all Written-Down Additional Tier 1 Instruments of the 
Group, and divided by the total Tier 1 Capital of the Group 
as at the date of the relevant Write-Up; or 
(b) 
if the Relevant Net Banking Income for the relevant Write-
Up is equal to the Net Banking Income, the Net Banking 
Income multiplied by the sum of the aggregate Initial 
Principal Amount of the Additional Tier 1 Notes and the 
aggregate initial principal amount of all Written-Down 
Additional Tier 1 Instruments of the Issuer, and divided by 
the total Tier 1 Capital of the Issuer as at the date of the 
relevant Write-Up. 
"Relevant Net Banking Income" means the lower of the Net 
Banking Income and the Consolidated Net Banking Income. 
"Written-Down Additional Tier 1 Instrument" means an 
instrument (other than the Additional Tier 1 Notes) issued directly 
or indirectly by the Issuer and qualifying as Additional Tier 1 
Capital of the Issuer or, as applicable, the Group that, as at the time 
immediately prior to the relevant Write-Up, has a Prevailing 
Principal Amount lower than the Initial Principal Amount due to a 
write-down and that has terms permitting a principal write-up to 
occur on a basis similar to that set out in Condition 13.4 
(Reinstatement of principal amount) of the Terms and Conditions 
for the Italian Law Notes in Physical Form and Condition 13.4 
(Reinstatement of principal amount) of the Terms and Conditions 
for the Dematerialised Notes in the circumstances existing on the 
date of the relevant Write-Up. 
The Issuer will not reinstate the principal amount of any Written-
Down Additional Tier 1 Instruments of the Issuer that have terms 
permitting a principal write-up to occur on a similar basis to that set 
out in Condition 13.4 of the Terms and Conditions for the Italian 
Law Notes in Physical Form and 13.4 of the Terms and Conditions 
for the Dematerialised Notes unless it does so on a pro rata basis 
with a Write-Up on the Additional Tier 1 Notes. 
A Write-Up may be made on one or more occasions in accordance 
with Condition 13.4 of the Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law 
Notes in Physical Form and Condition 13.4 of the Terms and 
Conditions for the Dematerialised Notes until the Prevailing 
Principal Amount of the Additional Tier 1 Notes has been reinstated 
to the Initial Principal Amount. No Write-Up shall be operated (i) 
whilst a Contingency Event has occurred and is continuing, or (ii) 
where any such Write-Up (together with the write-up of all other 
Written-Down Additional Tier 1 Instruments) would cause a 
Contingency Event to occur. 
Any decision by the Issuer to effect or not to effect any Write-Up 
pursuant to Condition 13.4 of the Terms and Conditions for the 
Italian Law Notes in Physical Form and Condition 13.4 of the Terms 
and Conditions for the Dematerialised Notes on any occasion shall 
not preclude it from effecting or not effecting any Write-Up on any 
other occasion pursuant to Condition 13.4 of the Terms and 
Conditions for the Italian Law Notes in Physical Form and 
Condition 13.4 of the Terms and Conditions for the Dematerialised 
Notes. 
If the Issuer decides to Write-Up the Additional Tier 1 Notes 
pursuant to Condition 13.4 of the Terms and Conditions for the 
Italian Law Notes in Physical Form and Condition 13.4 of the Terms 
and Conditions for the Dematerialised Notes, it shall deliver a notice 
(a "Write-Up Notice") specifying the amount of any Write-Up (as 
a percentage of the Initial Principal Amount of an Additional Tier 1 
Note resulting in a pro rata increase in the Prevailing Principal

--- Page 28 ---
10261197493-v5 
- 17 - 
47-41058517 
 
Amount of each Additional Tier 1 Note) and the date on which such 
Write-Up shall take effect shall be given to Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 20 (Notices) of the Terms and 
Conditions for the Italian Law Notes in Physical Form and 
Condition 19 (Notices) of the Terms and Conditions for the 
Dematerialised Notes and to the Agent. Such Write-Up Notice shall 
be given at least 10 Business Days prior to the date on which the 
relevant Write-Up becomes effective. 
See Condition 13.4 (Reinstatement of principal amount) of the 
Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes in Physical Form 
and Condition 13.4 (Reinstatement of principal amount) of the 
Terms and Conditions for the Dematerialised Notes. 
Denomination of Notes: 
The Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer save that the minimum 
denomination of each Note will be such amount as may be allowed 
or required from time to time by the relevant central bank (or 
equivalent body) or any laws or regulations applicable to the 
relevant Specified Currency and that the minimum denomination of 
each Note admitted to trading on a regulated market within the 
European Economic Area or offered to the public in a Member State 
of the European Economic Area in circumstances which require the 
publication of a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation will be 
€100,000 and, in the case of Senior Non-Preferred Notes, €150,000 
(or, in each case, if the Notes are denominated in a currency other 
than euro, the equivalent amount in such currency). The minimum 
denomination of each Subordinated Note or Additional Tier 1 Note 
will be €200,000 (or, if the Notes are denominated in a currency 
other than euro, the equivalent amount in such currency) or such 
other higher amount as may be allowed or required from time to 
time by the relevant central bank (or equivalent body). 
Taxation: 
All payments in respect of Notes will be made free and clear of 
withholding or deduction of Italian taxation, unless the withholding 
or deduction is required by law. In that event, the Issuer will (subject 
as provided in Condition 12 (Taxation) of the Terms and Conditions 
for the English Law Notes in Physical Form, Condition 16 
(Taxation) of the Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes in 
Physical Form and Condition 16 (Taxation) of the Terms and 
Conditions for the Dematerialised Notes, as applicable) pay such 
additional amounts as will result in the Noteholders receiving such 
amounts as they would have received in respect of such Notes had 
no such withholding or deduction been required. 
However, as more fully set out in Condition 12 (Taxation) of the 
Terms and Conditions for the English Law Notes in Physical Form, 
Condition 16 (Taxation) of the Terms and Conditions for the Italian 
Law Notes in Physical Form and Condition 16 (Taxation) of the 
Terms and Conditions for the Dematerialised Notes, the Issuer will 
not be liable to pay any additional amounts to Noteholders with 
respect to any payment, withholding or deduction pursuant to Italian 
Legislative Decree No. 239 of 1 April 1996 on account of Italian 
substitute tax (imposta sostitutiva), as defined therein in relation to 
interest or premium payable on, or other income deriving from, any 
Notes. See "Taxation" below. 
Negative Pledge: 
None. 
Rating:  
Tranches or Series of Notes to be issued under the Programme will 
be rated or unrated. Where a Tranche or Series of Notes is to be 
rated, such rating will not necessarily be the same as the rating that 
may be assigned to the Issuer or to Notes already issued. Where a

--- Page 29 ---
10261197493-v5 
- 18 - 
47-41058517 
 
Tranche or Series of Notes is rated, the applicable rating(s) may be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
Whether or not each credit rating applied for in relation to relevant 
Series of Notes will be issued by a credit rating agency established 
in the European Union and registered under the Regulation (EC) No. 
1060/2009 (as amended) (the "EU CRA Regulation") or by a credit 
rating agency established in the United Kingdom and registered 
under the EU CRA Regulation as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA") 
(the "UK CRA Regulation"), will be disclosed in the Final Terms. 
A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold 
securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or 
withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. 
Listing and admission to trading: 
The CSSF has approved this document as a base prospectus. 
Application has also been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
for Notes issued under the Programme to be admitted to trading on 
the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and to be 
listed on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. 
Notes may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on 
other or further stock exchanges or markets agreed between the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer in relation to the Series. Notes which 
are neither listed nor admitted to trading on any market may also be 
issued. 
The applicable Final Terms will state whether or not the relevant 
Notes are to be listed and/or admitted to trading and, if so, on which 
stock exchanges and/or markets. 
Governing Law of the Notes in 
Physical Form: 
The English Law Notes in Physical Form, except for Conditions 2.A 
(Status of Senior Non-Preferred Notes), 3 (Status of Subordinated 
Notes), 11.6 (Redemption of Subordinated Notes), 11.7 (Redemption 
of Senior Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes) and 24 
(Contractual Recognition of Bail-in Powers) of the Terms and 
Conditions for the English Law Notes in Physical Form, and any 
non-contractual obligations arising from or connected with the 
Terms and Conditions for the English Law Notes in Physical Form, 
shall be governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, 
English law.  
Conditions 2.A (Status of Senior Non-Preferred Notes), 3 (Status of 
Subordinated Notes), 11.6 (Redemption of Subordinated Notes), 
11.7 (Redemption of Senior Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes) 
and 24 (Contractual Recognition of Bail-in Powers) of the Terms 
and Conditions for the English Law Notes in Physical Form, and 
any non-contractual obligations arising from or connected with 
those Conditions, shall be governed by, and shall be construed in 
accordance with, Italian law. 
Italian Law Notes in Physical Form and any non-contractual 
obligations arising from or connected with the Terms and 
Conditions for the Italian Law Notes in Physical Form, shall be 
governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, Italian law. 
Governing Law of the Dematerialised 
Notes: 
The Dematerialised Notes and any non-contractual obligations 
arising out of or in connection with the Dematerialised Notes, will 
be governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, Italian 
law. 
Enforcement of English Law Notes in 
Physical Form in Global Form: 
In the case of Global Notes representing English Law Notes in 
Physical Form, individual investors' rights against the Issuer will be

--- Page 30 ---
10261197493-v5 
- 19 - 
47-41058517 
 
governed by a Deed of Covenant dated 19 July 2023 a copy of which 
will be available for inspection at the specified office of the Agent. 
Selling Restrictions: 
There are restrictions on the offer, sale and transfer of the Notes in 
the United States, the European Economic Area (including, without 
limitation, the Republic of Italy and France), the United Kingdom, 
Japan, Singapore and such other restrictions as may be required or 
applied in connection with the offering and sale of a particular 
Tranche of Notes, see "Subscription and Sale". 
United States Selling Restrictions: 
Regulation S, Category 2. TEFRA C or D/TEFRA not applicable, 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors: 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes include a legend entitled 
"Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors", the Notes are not 
intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and, with 
effect from such date, should not be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area. 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors: 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes include a legend entitled 
"Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors", the Notes are not 
intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and, with 
effect from such date, should not be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom. 
Risk Factors: 
There are certain factors that may affect the Issuer's ability to fulfil 
its obligations under Notes issued under the Programme. These are 
set out under "Risk Factors" above and include risks relating to the 
economic conditions in Italy and relating to the operating and 
general banking risks. In addition, there are certain factors which 
are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated 
with Notes issued under the Programme and include risks related to 
the structure of a particular issue of Notes and risks common to the 
Notes generally.

--- Page 31 ---
10261197493-v5 
- 20 - 
47-41058517 
 
RISK FACTORS 
The Issuer believes that the following factors may affect its ability to fulfil its obligations under Notes issued under 
the Programme. Most of these factors are contingencies which may or may not occur. In addition, factors which 
are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with Notes issued under the Programme are 
also described below. 
The Issuer believes that the factors described below represent the principal risks inherent in investing in Notes 
issued under the Programme, but this is not an exhaustive list or explanation of all risks which investors may face 
when making an investment in Notes issued under the Programme. The inability of the Issuer to pay interest, 
principal or other amounts on or in connection with any Notes may occur for other reasons which may not be 
considered significant risks by the Issuer based on information currently available to it or which it may not 
currently be able to anticipate. Accordingly, the Issuer does not represent that the statements below regarding 
the risk of holding any Notes are exhaustive.  
Prospective investors should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base Prospectus 
(including the information incorporated by reference herein) and consider carefully whether an investment in 
Notes issued under the Programme is suitable for them in light of the information contained in this Base 
Prospectus and their personal circumstances, based upon their own judgment and upon the advice from such 
financial, accounting, legal, tax and other advisers as they may deem necessary. 
Words and expressions defined elsewhere in this Base Prospectus have the same meaning in this section, unless 
otherwise noted. Prospective investors should read the entire Base Prospectus, including the information 
incorporated by reference. 
RISK FACTORS RELATING TO THE ISSUER 
The risks below have been classified into the following categories: 
• 
Risks related to the impact of global macro-economic factors; 
• 
Risks relating to European and Italian banking regulations; and 
• 
Risks relating to the Issuer’s business activities and industry. 
Risks related to the impact of global macro-economic factors 
The Issuer's business and results are affected by economic conditions in Italy and, more generally, by a volatile 
macroeconomic environment, the consequences arising from the ongoing international conflict between 
Russia and Ukraine and other factors 
The global economy, the sovereign debt crisis in Europe, the condition of financial markets and adverse 
macroeconomic developments in Italy, the Issuer's primary market, could all influence the Issuer's performance. 
The Issuer's earning capacity and stability could be affected by the overall economic situation and by the dynamics 
of financial markets. 
The Issuer generated over 99 per cent. of its operating income in Italy and its results therefore depend on economic 
conditions in Italy which, in turn, are affected by European and global economic trends. Italy's economic 
performance has been significantly influenced by the international financial crisis and has been characterised by 
stagnation. Political instability, if material, could negatively affect the country's economic recovery, and it cannot 
be ruled out that changes to economic policies and/or political instability could have a material adverse effect on 
the Group's business, results of operations and financial condition. 
The current macroeconomic situation is characterised by high levels of uncertainty, due in part to the following: 
• 
the disruptive effects of the coronavirus pandemic ("COVID-19") and its impact and market 
consequences on global growth and countries' economies, Italy included; 
• 
the impact on the global economy of the Russian invasion of Ukraine and of the ongoing conflict; 
• 
weak economic growth in Italy in recent years, alternating with periods of outright recession, as well as 
endemic political instability; 
• 
the risks related to a high increase of inflation, which may lead to a further fall in consumer spending in 
Italy;

--- Page 32 ---
10261197493-v5 
- 21 - 
47-41058517 
 
• 
concerns over the long-term sustainability of the European single currency and uncertainty over the 
continuation of financial support from the European Central Bank ("ECB"); 
• 
future developments in the ECB and Federal Reserve monetary policies; 
• 
the sustainability of the sovereign debt of certain countries, including Italy, and the related, repeated 
shocks to the financial markets; 
• 
a possible global trend towards protectionism; 
• 
despite recent progress in the trade relationship between the U.S. and China, the remaining aspects of the 
economic conflict that escalated between those countries in 2018-19 and its effect on international trade 
and global production; 
• 
confirmation of growth trends, or recovery and consolidation perspectives, for the U.S. and Chinese 
economies, which have shown consistent progress in recent years but have recently lost momentum; 
• 
international banking system crisis due to a series of recent events in the US banking sector and Swiss 
banking sector which could led to a sudden increase in risk aversion in global financial markets; and 
• 
the potential negative impacts on the economy arising from climate change and global warming at both 
a global and regional level. 
More specifically, as to the risks relating to the outbreak of COVID-19, prospective investors' attention is drawn 
to the fact that, although the global health situation has improved and COVID-19 is not currently categorised by 
the World Health Organization as a pandemic, COVID-19, and interventions by governments and central banks 
to contain the pandemic and address the health crisis, have resulted in unprecedented volatility as well as economic 
and financial disruptions in Italy and worldwide through 2021 and 2022 and may continue to do so for an 
unforeseeable period. As a consequence, the degree to which COVID-19 may affect the Issuer's results of 
operations, liquidity, access to funding and financial position will depend on future developments, which, as at 
the date of this Base Prospectus, are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted.  
In addition, as to the risks relating to the outbreak and persistence of the Russian-Ukrainian conflict, prospective 
investors' attention is drawn to the fact that on 24 February 2022, Russia launched a full-scale invasion of Ukraine, 
marking a steep escalation in the Russian-Ukrainian conflict (the "Conflict"). Well over a year after, the Conflict's 
economic impact is still reverberating around the world. The war has weighed and continues to weigh negatively 
on global economic activity, adding to inflationary pressures worldwide and impeding the post-pandemic recovery. 
Therefore, the Conflict is having a severe impact on global economy and the resulting negative outcomes may 
continue for an unforeseeable period, because of the protraction, and potential further escalation, of the Conflict 
that could have a significant adverse impact on the regional and global economic environment for extended 
periods. 
The economic consequences derived from the Conflict includes, inter alia, (i) a significant disruption in the energy 
markets with a steep increase in the price of gas, oil and other related products that translated in an increase of the 
energy prices for corporates and families in those countries which rely the most in Russian fossil resources, 
including Italy ; (ii) the risk of deterioration of the credit profile of a considerable number of countries (including 
Italy), that are extremely dependent on imports from Russian; and (iii) severe financial difficulties for many 
businesses. 
Financial downward trends may also affect many Issuer's and the Group's customers and counterparties whose 
cash flows are extremely dependent on the energy price, leading to the possibility of insolvencies and income 
issues for the Issuer. 
If the Conflict is not resolved in the short term, this will have a negative impact on the global economy, which is 
outside of the control of the Issuer, which in turn would have an impact on the Issuer's financial profile resulting 
in, inter alia, credit quality deterioration and higher impairments. 
In March 2023, volatility in the international financial markets increased abruptly following a series of events in 
the US banking sector. The most important of these was the failure of Silicon Valley Bank, which was declared 
insolvent on 10 March 2023 after it failed to cover losses on a large sale of securities, leading to a collapse in its 
share price and a huge outflow of deposits. Almost simultaneously, two other smaller US banks - Silvergate Bank 
and Signature Bank - also failed. Then, in the week of 13 March 2023, the Swiss bank Credit Suisse was hit by a 
crisis of confidence that caused its share price to fall sharply on the stock markets. The combination of these 
events fuelled fears of contagion and led to a sudden increase in risk aversion in global financial markets.

--- Page 33 ---
10261197493-v5 
- 22 - 
47-41058517 
 
Substantial falls, which were later largely reversed, also affected bank share prices in the euro area. At the date of 
this Base Prospectus, the Group does not have investments in any of the aforementioned counterparties. 
In addition, a number of uncertainties remain in the current macroeconomic environment, such as, (i) risks related 
to a high increase of inflation. The inflation outlook continues to be too high for too long. Although headline 
inflation has declined over recent months, underlying price pressures remain strong. The uncertainty related to the 
evolution of the macroeconomic scenario could affect the Issuer's and the Group's business (as well as the banking 
sector overall), affecting results of operations and financial conditions as well as capital and liquidity levels over 
time, thereby resulting in the higher provisioning of credit exposures, lower evaluation of financial securities and 
a lower level of collateralisation on the liquidity side; (ii) declining or stagnating GDP, increasing or stagnating 
unemployment and poor conditions in the capital markets in Italy could decrease consumer confidence and 
investment, and result in higher rates of loan impairment and/or non-performing loans and default and insolvency, 
causing an overall reduction in the demand for the Issuer's services; (iii) the ECB, in the Euro area, and the Federal 
Reserve System's, in the US, monetary policy effectiveness and their future developments, adverse future 
developments in the Dollar area, policies implemented by other countries aimed at promoting their currencies' 
competitive devaluations and (iv) sovereign debt sustainability of certain countries and the related recurring 
tensions on the financial markets. 
All of the abovementioned factors could result in potential losses, an increase in the Issuer's borrowing costs, or 
a reduction in value of its assets, with possible negative effects on the business, financial conditions and/or results 
of operations of the Issuer. 
Economic uncertainty could significantly affect the Issuer's customer and debtor performance 
The Issuer is exposed to the risk that its customers or their debtors may become subject to bankruptcy or 
insolvency proceedings and, as a result, may not be able to meet their contractual obligations or enter into new 
contractual obligations or that debtors may cause the deterioration of its asset quality. The past economic dynamic 
already mentioned in section "The Issuer's business and results are affected by economic conditions in Italy and, 
more generally, by a volatile macroeconomic environment, the consequences arising from the ongoing 
international conflict between Russia and Ukraine and other factors" above could increase the bankruptcy rate of 
both individual and corporate customers. 
In addition, the ongoing Conflict, the recent crisis in the financial markets and the global economic slowdown, 
have all reduced and may further reduce, the profitability of companies and/or adversely affect the ability of 
customers and debtors to honour their commitments, resulting in a significant deterioration in credit quality in the 
areas of activity of the Issuer. 
In the case of customers, this could entail non-payment of commission for the Issuer's credit management services. 
Such risk is heightened in dealing with new or small size corporates, although the Issuer carries out credit analysis 
prior to engaging with them. 
In addition, since the Issuer's business is focused primarily on Italy and, to a lesser extent, Poland, a return of 
adverse economic conditions in Italy and Poland could have a significant effect on the credit profile of debtors 
and their ability to meet payment obligations when due, which, in turn, could have a material adverse effect on its 
business, results of operations and financial condition. 
The Issuer is also exposed to sovereign risks in each of the countries in which it operates (mainly in Italy, but also 
in Poland). Although the Issuer believes that the risk of insolvency of public debtors in these countries is low, if 
the central governments of these countries were to default, the public debtors themselves would no longer be able 
to rely on government funding and as a result would no longer be able to repay their debts. Furthermore, the Issuer 
is exposed to the sovereign debt of the Italian government. The credit standing of the Italian government, like that 
of other sovereign states, is subject to monitoring and evaluation by rating agencies. The book value of Italian 
government securities held by the Issuer as at 31 December 2022 amounted to €391.8 million measured at fair 
value and €1,527.6 million measured at amortised cost, and at 31 December 2021 amounted to €469.6 million 
measured at fair value and €1,648.6 million measured at amortised cost.  
Therefore, any deterioration in economic conditions or any changes in the regulatory landscape could have a 
material adverse effect on the Issuer's business, results of operations and financial condition.

--- Page 34 ---
10261197493-v5 
- 23 - 
47-41058517 
 
Risks relating to European and Italian banking regulations 
Extensive regulation in the banking sector may adversely affect the Issuer's business 
The Issuer operates in a highly regulated environment for banks and the laws and government regulations related 
to its industry may change from time to time. In particular, the Issuer is subject to extensive regulation and 
supervision by the Bank of Italy, the ECB, the European Banking Authority ("EBA") and the European System 
of Central Banks. The Issuer is subject to law and regulations that govern the activities carried out by banks and 
are aimed at maintaining banks' safety and soundness and limiting their exposure to risk. In addition, the Issuer 
must comply with any financial services law which may apply to its marketing and selling activities. 
The Issuer has established specific procedures and internal policies to comply with applicable regulations. 
However, the Issuer cannot rule out any breach of such regulations in the future, particularly with respect to anti 
money laundering and fairness in dealing with clients, or any failure by the competent authorities to interpret such 
regulations correctly or any inspections by the Bank of Italy having a negative outcome. This could have a material 
adverse effect on the Issuer's business, results of operations and financial condition. 
The Basel III proposals were implemented by the Capital Requirements Directive 2013/36/EU ("CRD IV"), as 
amended by the Directive (EU) 2019/878 ("CRD V"), and the Capital Requirements Regulation (Regulation (EU) 
No 575/2013) ("CRR"), as amended by the Regulation (EU) 2019/876 ("CRR II"). See "—The Issuer may be 
unable to meet the minimum capital adequacy requirements" below. 
In addition, in June 2012 the European Commission published the Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive 
(Directive 2014/59/EU) ("BRRD"), as amended by the Directive 2017/2399 (the "BRRD Amending Directive") 
and the Directive 2019/879 (the "BRRD II" and, jointly with the BRRD and the BRRD Amending Directive, the 
"BRRD Package") a legislative proposal for a directive providing for the establishment of an EU wide framework 
for the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and investment firms. The stated aim of the BRRD Package 
is to provide authorities with common tools and powers to address banking crisis pre-emptively to safeguard 
financial stability and minimise taxpayers' exposure to losses, including the so-called "bail-in" tool which has 
been applied by Member States since 1 January 2016. The BRRD Amending Directive created a new category of 
senior non-preferred debt instruments, that will be eligible for the purposes of the "minimum requirement for Own 
Funds and eligible liabilities". Such instruments will be subject to bail-in and rank between current senior 
unsecured liabilities and capital instruments. The new creditor hierarchy will not have a retroactive effect and will 
only apply to new issuances. The powers set out in the BRRD Package will affect how credit institutions and 
investment firms are managed, as well as, in certain circumstances, the right of creditors such as Noteholders, as 
described in further details under "– Risks applicable to all Notes—The Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive 
may affect the Notes".  
In addition, on 18 April, 2023, the European Commission published a proposal for the further amendment of the 
BRRD, including, among other things, the amendment of the ranking of claims in insolvency to provide for a 
general depositor preference, pursuant to which the insolvency laws of Members States would be required by the 
BRRD to extend the legal preference of claims in respect of deposits relative to ordinary unsecured claims to all 
deposits. The implementation of this proposal is subject to further legislative procedures but if it is implemented 
in its current form, this would confirm the outcome currently applicable under Italian law, whereby the Senior 
Notes will rank junior to the claims of all depositors, including deposits of large corporates and other deposits. 
On 20 March 2017, the ECB published the "Guidance to banks on Non Performing Loans" (the "Guidance on 
NPLs"), setting out measures, processes and best practices related to the management of NPLs. The Guidance on 
NPL was integrated by the "Addendum to the Guidance to banks on Non Performing Loans" (the "ECB 
Addendum"), which was published by the ECB on 15 March 2018 and entered into force on 1 April 2018. The 
ECB Addendum sets out the supervisory expectations for prudent levels of provisions for new NPLs (for instance, 
as of 1 April 2018, new unsecured NPLs must be fully covered after a period of two years from the date of their 
classification as NPLs while, as regards new secured NPLs, a certain level of provisioning is expected after three 
years of classification as an NPL).  
Notwithstanding the non-binding nature of the Guidance on NPLs, as integrated by, respectively, the ECB 
Addendum and the "supervisory expectations for provisioning of NPE stock (i.e., exposures classified as NPE on 
31 March 2018)" as communicated in a press release issued on 11 July 2018 (together representing the "ECB's 
Pillar 2" approach to coverage expectations for NPEs), banks should explain, upon supervisory request, any 
divergences from the prudential expectations set out therein.  
The supervisory approach to NPLs was further strengthened at the end of 2018 when the EBA published two sets 
of guidelines relating to NPEs, namely (i) the guidelines of 31 October 2018 on management of non-performing

--- Page 35 ---
10261197493-v5 
- 24 - 
47-41058517 
 
and forborne exposures and (ii) the guidelines of 17 December 2018 on disclosure of non-performing and forborne 
exposures.  
In addition, in its "Action plan to tackle non-performing loans in Europe" of 11 July 2017, the Council of the 
European Union called on various European institutions to take appropriate measures to further address the high 
stock of NPEs in the EU and prevent their build-up in the future. As one of the deliverables, Regulation (EU) 
2019/630 amending the CRR (Regulation (EU) No. 575/2013) as regards minimum loss coverage for non-
performing exposures was published in the Official Journal of the EU on 25 April 2019. This established 
prudential treatment under Pillar 1 for NPEs arising from loans originated from 26 April 2019 onwards. These 
Pillar 1 rules are legally binding and apply to all banks established in the EU.  
Regulation (EU) 2019/630 requires a deduction from Own Funds for NPEs which are not sufficiently covered by 
provisions or other adjustments. Pillar 1 NPE treatment fully applies: (i) after 3 years of NPE status for unsecured 
NPEs; (ii) after 9 years of NPE status for secured NPEs secured by immovable collateral and residential loans 
guaranteed by an eligible protection provider as defined in Regulation (EU) No. 575/2013; and (iii) after 7 years 
of NPE status for other secured NPEs. Moreover, it also specifies paths to full implementation for unsecured and 
secured exposures before 3/7/9 years of NPE status (as stipulated in Article 1 of Regulation (EU) 2019/630 
amending Regulation (EU) No. 575/2013 (CRR)).  
Following the entry into force of the Regulation (EU) 2019/630, ECB has further revised its supervisory 
expectations for the prudential provisioning of NPEs specified in the ECB Addendum by means of a 
communication dated 22 August 2019. Such document (i) clarifies aspects relating to the EBA's publication of 
NPE-related Guidelines; (ii) provides further details regarding the ECB's supervisory expectations for 
provisioning of NPE stock, (iii) clarifies the interaction between the ECB's NPE coverage expectations under 
Pillar 2 and the Pillar 1 prudential NPE rules, and (iv) summarises adjustments to the Pillar 2 approach in respect 
of supervisory expectations for prudential provisioning for new NPEs in scope of the ECB Addendum.  
In addition to the above, in 2016, the EBA published the "Guidelines on the application of the definition of default 
under Article 178 of Regulation (EU) No 575/2013" (the "EBA Guidelines"), whose aim is to harmonise the 
definition of default across the European prudential framework and improve consistency in the way European 
banks apply regulatory requirements to their capital positions. The provisions set forth therein apply from 1 
January 2021: therefore, institution should implement the guidelines in their internal procedures and IT systems 
by that time (although competent authorities may accelerate the timeline of this transition at their discretion). It is 
reasonable to assume that the new definition will materially impact the European banking system, in particular in 
relation to the own fund requirements and capital adequacy ratios.  
As some of the banking laws, regulations and provisions (including the above-mentioned Pillar 2 and the Pillar 1 
prudential NPE rules) which apply to the Issuer's business have only recently been adopted, the manner in which 
those laws and regulations are applied to the operations of financial institutions is still evolving. There can be no 
assurance that such laws and regulations will be adopted, enforced or interpreted in a manner that will not have 
an adverse effect on its business, financial condition and results of operations.  
In addition, the introduction of a minimum statutory backstop for prudential provisioning on NPLs could require 
the Issuer to increase its coverage ratios on newly originated NPLs. The same outcomes may derive from the 
satisfaction of the quantitative expectations set out in the ECB Addendum. This may cause adverse effects on the 
business, financial condition and results of operation of the Issuer. 
Moreover, the Issuer's factoring business is subject to extensive and complex legislation and regulations, the most 
significant of which is Directive 2011/7/EU, which is applicable to late payments and establishes, among other 
things, the rate of late payment interest. The application of this directive in Italy and Poland enables the Issuer 
with a reasonable degree of certainty and uniformity to make profit estimates for the Issuer's non-recourse 
factoring business. Any changes to the current regulations, including at an EU level, could lead to unanticipated 
costs and have a material adverse effect on its business, financial condition and results of operations. In particular, 
any significant reductions to late payment interest rates could adversely affect its profitability. 
Moreover, the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision has embarked on a very significant risk weighted average 
("RWA") variability agenda. This includes the "Fundamental Review of the Trading Book", revised standardised 
approaches (e.g., credit, market, operational risk), constraint on the use of internal models, as well as the 
introduction of a capital floor. The regulator's primary aim is to eliminate unwarranted levels of RWA variance. 
The new setup will have a significant impact on risk modelling. From a credit risk perspective, an impact is 
expected both on capital held against the exposures assessed via standardised approach and on those evaluated 
via an internal ratings-based approach ("IRB"), due to the introduction of capital floors that, according to the new 
framework, will be calculated based on the revised standardised approach. Implementation of these new rules on

--- Page 36 ---
10261197493-v5 
- 25 - 
47-41058517 
 
risk models, which should have taken effect from 1 January 2022, are now expected to take effect from 1 January 
2025. 
The introduction of new regulations in the future or any changes to the legislation currently in force in the countries 
in which the Issuer operates may require the Issuer to comply with new standards in ways that the Issuer cannot 
currently predict or restrict the Issuer's ability to do business in those countries. As a result, the Issuer could incur 
additional costs from having to adapt the features of its products and services or distribution and control structures 
to comply with such new regulations. As a result, the Issuer may also have to limit its operations. This could have 
a material adverse effect on the Issuer's business, financial condition and results of operations. 
The Issuer may be unable to meet the minimum capital adequacy requirements  
Capital adequacy rules for banks set out the minimum capital, asset quality and risk mitigation instrument 
prudential requirements. The Basel III framework also provides for the creation of additional capital buffers in 
excess of the minimum requirements to provide banks with high quality capital resources to be used in times of 
market stress, as well as to address the risks posed by systemically important banks at a global or domestic level. 
The total amount of such capital buffers is referred to as the combined buffer requirement (the "Combined Buffer 
Requirement"). The Combined Buffer Requirement must be met through CET1 capital.  
A failure to satisfy the Combined Buffer Requirement subjects banks to capital conservation measures, such as 
restrictions on distributions, including (i) payment of cash dividends, (ii) distribution of fully or partly paid bonus 
shares or other CET1 capital instruments, (iii) redemption or purchase by an institution of its own shares or other 
CET1 capital instruments, (iv) a repayment of amounts paid up in connection with CET1 capital instruments and 
(v) distribution of share premium accounts related to the CET1 capital instruments, retained earnings, accumulated 
other comprehensive income, other reserves and funds for general banking risk. As at the date of this Base 
Prospectus the Issuer has complied with this requirement. However, if the Bank of Italy were to require additional 
capital buffers in the future, the Issuer may fail to meet such requirements or, to comply, the Issuer may have to 
divert funds which were intended to be used for its core activities. Any such requirements could also have a 
material adverse effect on its business, results of operations and financial condition. 
In addition, the Group is subject to the Pillar 2 requirements for banks imposed under the CRD and CRR, which 
will be impacted, on an on-going basis, by the relevant supervisory review and evaluation process ("SREP"). The 
SREP is aimed at ensuring that institutions have in place adequate arrangements, strategies, processes and 
mechanisms to maintain the amounts, types and distribution of internal capital commensurate to their risk profile, 
as well as robust governance and internal control arrangements. The key purpose of the SREP is to ensure that 
institutions have adequate arrangements as well as capital and liquidity to ensure sound management and coverage 
of the risks to which they are or might be exposed, including those revealed by stress testing, as well as risks the 
institution may pose to the financial system.  
The quantum of any Pillar 2 requirement imposed on a bank, the type of capital which it must apply to meeting 
such capital requirements, and whether the Pillar 2 requirement is "stacked" below the capital buffers (i.e. the 
bank's capital resources must first be applied to meeting the Pillar 2 requirements in full before capital can be 
applied to meeting the capital buffers) or "stacked" above the capital buffers (i.e. the bank's capital resources can 
be applied to meeting the capital buffers in priority to the Pillar 2 requirement) may all impact a bank's ability to 
comply with the Combined Buffer Requirement.  
As of 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2022, the Common Equity Tier 1 capital ratio of the Group was equal 
to 15.44 per cent. and 15.01 per cent., respectively; as of 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2022, the Total 
Capital Ratio was equal to 19.63 per cent and 18.82 per cent., respectively. Although the Issuer's capital adequacy 
levels currently exceed the minimum levels prescribed by the Bank of Italy, no assurance can be given that the 
Issuer will be able to maintain this capital adequacy level.  
Furthermore, the Issuer cannot accurately predict whether future changes may be made to certain criteria 
established by the European Central Bank in the countries in which the Issuer operates and, whether changes will 
be made to the exposure classes established by the CRR for states and central administrations (currently 0 per 
cent.) as well as local authorities (20 per cent.). Accordingly, such changes could make it more difficult for the 
Issuer to satisfy and comply with capital adequacy levels, standards and/or regulations. 
There can be no assurances that the Issuer's capital ratios will not fall below the minimum requirement in future. 
If this were to occur, the ECB or supervisory authorities may take action that could have a material adverse effect 
on the Group's business, financial condition and results of operations.

--- Page 37 ---
10261197493-v5 
- 26 - 
47-41058517 
 
Risks relating to the Issuer’s business activities and industry 
The Issuer may be unable to meet the 2022/2024 strategic plan 
On 10 February 2022, the board of directors of the Issuer approved a strategic plan, containing the strategic 
guidelines and economic, financial and capital objectives of the Group for the period of 2022-2024 (the "Strategic 
Plan"). 
The Strategic Plan is based, among other things, on cross-selling opportunities amongst existing and recently 
acquired products and services offered that may not materialise, as well as numerous assumptions and estimates 
some of which relate to events not fully controlled by the Board of Directors of the Group. In particular, the 
Strategic Plan contains a set of assumptions, estimates and predictions that are based on the occurrence of future 
events and actions to be taken by management and the Board of Directors of the Issuer also after the respective 
approval, which include, among other things, various hypothetical assumptions subject to risks and uncertainties 
arising from the current economic environment, relating to future events and actions of directors and the 
management of the Group that may not necessarily occur, events, actions, and other assumptions including those 
related to performance of main economic and financial values or other factors that affect their development over 
which the directors and management of the Group have no (or have limited) control. These assumptions may or 
may not occur to an extent and at times different from those projected. Furthermore, events may occur which are 
unpredictable at the time of the approval of the Strategic Plan. Given that the assumptions underlying the Strategic 
Plan are inherently affected by subjective assessments, hypotheses and discretionary judgments, should one or 
more of the underlying assumptions fail to materialise (or materialise only in part) or should the actions taken and 
choices made by management in the implementation of the Strategic Plan produce effects different from those 
expected, the targets set forth in the Strategic Plan may not be met (or may be met only partially) and the actual 
results of the Group may differ, possibly significantly, from the estimated results of the Group envisaged in the 
Strategic Plan with a consequential negative impact on the business, financial condition and/or results of 
operations of the Group. 
The Issuer may evaluate incorrectly the credit risk associated with the timing and/or the amount of future 
payments by debtors  
The Issuer aims to estimate the income that it can generate from its receivables portfolio on the basis of its past 
experience and databases of information relating to debtors. 
The pricing of each receivable acquired in the context of the Issuer's non-recourse factoring business is determined 
on the basis of its "days sales outstanding" ("DSO") and the credit assessment of the relevant customer and debtor. 
This formula allows the Issuer to manage the liquidity it needs to run its business and determine its margins. 
Therefore, an extension of the Issuer's DSO may cause its liquidity no longer to be sufficient to cover the financing 
needs of its non-recourse factoring business. 
Although the Issuer carefully monitors the payment patterns of debtors through its database, which tracks payment 
patterns and average DSOs for each debtor to estimate the average timing for collection, it cannot rule out the 
possibility that its estimates may be incorrect. In addition, since certain of its debtors are public bodies, following 
the implementation of certain legislative measures aimed at the reorganisation of public administration, the 
Issuer's counterparties may be replaced by new entities and it may have to interact with new debtors not registered 
in its database, which could give rise to difficulties in estimating the DSOs and pricing. 
Increased inefficiencies in the public sector in Italy or Poland, or deficiencies in their resources, could lead to 
longer DSOs and, as a result, the Issuer's estimates of timing for collection and future liquidity could be incorrect 
and management costs could increase. This could have a material adverse effect on its business, results of 
operations and financial condition. 
Non-performing loans are recorded at their amortised cost; the forecast cash-flows on which the calculation of the 
amortised cost is based are estimated by using a proprietary statistical model whose parameters are based both on 
internal historical data series and analysis performed by subject matter experts. Significant market deviations from 
the historical dataset can affect model predictability and the related amount and timing of the estimated cash 
inflows. 
In connection with the non-performing loans portfolios, the Group is exposed to the risks associated with a further 
deterioration of such portfolios. Notwithstanding the assessment of the non-performing loans portfolios carried 
out by the Group, an unexpected deterioration in the quality of the assets could derive also from a further 
deterioration of the generalised economic situation, the average length of judicial and/or enforcement proceedings 
before the Italian courts or the reference sector of the customers of the Group.

--- Page 38 ---
10261197493-v5 
- 27 - 
47-41058517 
 
In addition, due to the uncertainties of the current macroeconomic situation as described in section "The Issuer's 
business and results are affected by economic conditions in Italy and, more generally, by a volatile 
macroeconomic environment, the consequences arising from the ongoing international conflict between Russia 
and Ukraine and other factors" above, it cannot be excluded that credit quality for 2023 and beyond could be 
influenced with potential impacts not yet quantifiable.  
The above, together with the deterioration of the creditworthiness of customers and debtors and, more generally, 
any defaults or repayment irregularities, the launch of bankruptcy proceedings by counterparties, the reduction of 
the economic value of guarantees received and/or the inability to execute the said guarantees successfully and/or 
in a timely manner, as well as any errors in assessing customers' and debtor's creditworthiness – which may be 
also due to ineffectiveness of the Issuer's and its Group's risk management methodologies, assessments and 
processes – could have a material adverse effect on its business, results of operations and financial condition. 
The Issuer is exposed to liquidity risk which is inherent in its banking operations 
Liquidity risk refers to the Issuer's capacity to raise the necessary funds (by increasing liabilities or converting 
assets) to meet a financial obligation. 
The Issuer's business is subject to risks concerning liquidity which are inherent in its banking operations and could 
affect the Issuer's ability to meet its financial obligations as they fall due or to fulfil commitments to lend. 
To ensure that the Issuer continues to meet its funding obligations and to maintain or grow its business generally, 
it relies on online retail deposit accounts and receivables DSOs (e.g., incorrect assumptions of the expected cash 
inflows), as well as ongoing access to the wholesale lending markets.  
Online retail deposit accounts may adversely affect its liquidity soundness because the interest rate policy of 
competitors or economic market factors could lead to unexpected outflows. Other significant changes in the 
Issuer's overall liquidity profile could be caused by receivables DSOs (e.g., incorrect assumptions of the expected 
cash inflows), which may cause a negative liquidity gap and affect its ability to meet financial obligations. 
Increases in past-due loan amounts could also affect secured funding and, under certain scenarios, act as a trigger 
event and cause an early termination.  
The Issuer's ability to access wholesale and retail funding sources on favourable economic terms is dependent on 
a variety of factors, including a number of factors outside of its control, such as liquidity constraints, general 
market conditions and confidence in the Italian banking system.  
Any downgrade of the Italian sovereign credit rating or the perception that such a downgrade may occur may 
severely destabilise the markets and have a material adverse effect on the Issuer's operating results, financial 
condition and prospects. This might also adversely impact on the Issuer's credit rating, borrowing costs and access 
to liquidity. An Italian sovereign downgrade or the perception that such a downgrade may occur would be likely 
to have a material effect in depressing consumer confidence, restricting the availability, and increasing the cost, 
of funding for individuals and companies, depressing economic activity, increasing unemployment, reducing asset 
prices and consequently increasing the risk of a "double dip" recession. 
The global financial crisis and resulting financial instability have significantly reduced the levels and availability 
of liquidity and term funding. In particular, the perception of counterparty credit risk between banks has increased 
significantly, resulting in reductions in inter-bank lending and the level of confidence from banks' customers. 
Should the Issuer be unable to continue to source a sustainable funding profile which can absorb these sudden 
shocks, its ability to fund its financial obligations at a competitive cost, or at all, could be affected which, in turn, 
could have a material adverse effect on its business, results of operations and financial condition. 
These factors may adversely impact the Issuer's profitability and financial performance and position and, 
ultimately, impact its ability to pay interest and repay principal of the Notes in full. 
The Issuer may not be able to cover its exposure to credit and market risk  
Credit risk is the risk of losses resulting from a borrower's, guarantor's, issuer's or counterparty's failure to honour 
its contractual obligations, whether or not such obligations appear on the Issuer's consolidated statements of 
financial position. 
Market risk refers to the risk of changes in the fair value of financial instruments resulting from fluctuations in 
the parameters affecting this value, in particular, interest rates, exchange rates, credit spreads and their volatility.

--- Page 39 ---
10261197493-v5 
- 28 - 
47-41058517 
 
To the extent that any of the instruments and strategies, including legal actions and the enforcement of claims, 
used by the Issuer to hedge or otherwise manage exposure to credit or market risks are not effective, the Issuer 
may not be able to effectively mitigate its risk exposure in particular market environments or against types of risk.  
The Issuer's trading revenues and interest rate risk may depend upon its ability to identify properly, and mark to 
market, changes in the value of financial instruments caused by changes in market prices or interest rates and on 
how effectively it determines and assesses the cost of credit and manages its own credit risk and market risk 
concentration. 
There can, however, be no guarantee that the credit procedures put in place by the Issuer can assess accurately 
and hedge all of the risks of exposure to borrowers, guarantors, issuers or other counterparty's failure to honour 
contractual obligations, and increased defaults of these borrowers and/or inadequate loans provisioning, as well 
as a worsening of the credit rating of counterparties or a material failure to hedge exposures to them, may 
negatively impact the Issuer's financial condition and results of operation. Moreover, the Issuer remains exposed 
to the risk of loss as a result of market risk and, principally, the risks of interest rate and exchange rate volatility. 
The Issuer is involved in disputes, investigations and legal proceedings which could have a material adverse 
effect on the Issuer  
In the ordinary course of its business, the Issuer are exposed to the risk of being party to legal, civil, administrative 
and tax proceedings or actions. Although it believes that it has set aside sufficient reserves to cover ongoing 
proceedings, the Issuer cannot predict with certainty the outcome of such proceedings, which may be unfavourable 
for the Issuer, or whether new unexpected proceedings may arise, both of which could have a material adverse 
effect on its business, results of operations and financial condition. See also "Description of the Issuer — Legal 
Proceedings". 
The Issuer's business is exposed to a variety of operational risks, including fraud, errors, security breaches or 
other adverse events, some that are wholly or partially out of its control  
In conducting its business the Issuer is exposed to different types of operational risk, such as the risk of losses 
resulting from: (i) internal or external fraud, (ii) customer claims and disputes, (iii) unauthorised activity or 
transactions, (iv) penalties for breaches of any applicable laws, (v) errors, omissions and delays in providing its 
services, (vi) inadequacy or incorrect functioning of internal procedures, including, in particular, failure to follow 
procedures for the identification, monitoring and management of business risks, (vii) shortcomings in the 
preparation and/or preservation of documents relating to its transactions, (viii) lack of resources; and (ix) damage 
to property caused by weather, other conditions or natural disasters. Although the Issuer has a system of controls 
and procedures in place to mitigate and minimise the risks connected with its operations, prevent and/or limit their 
possible negative effect and use various resources to mitigate such risks, these measures may prove to be 
inadequate to cover all types of risks that could arise. One or more such risks could occur in the future as a result 
of unpredictable events wholly or partly outside of its control (for example, fraud, scams or losses due to employee 
negligence or misconduct or violation of control procedures or losses due to natural disasters). The occurrence of 
any of these risks could have an adverse effect on its business, results of operations and financial condition. 
The Issuer's business activities require the Issuer to record and process many transactions and handle large 
amounts of money accurately on a daily basis. The proper functioning of financial control, accounting or other 
data collection and processing systems is critical to its business and to its ability to compete effectively. A human 
or technological failure, error, omission or delay in recording or processing transactions, or any other material 
breakdown in internal controls, could subject the Issuer to claims for losses from clients, including claims for 
breach of contractual and other obligations, and to regulatory fines and penalties. Given the Issuer's high volume 
of transactions, errors may be repeated or compounded before they are discovered and rectified, and there can be 
no assurance that risk assessments made in advance will adequately estimate the costs of these errors. 
Additionally, the Issuer faces the risk of theft, fraud or deception carried out by clients, third-party agents, 
employees and managers. If persons are able to circumvent its security measures, they could wrongfully use its 
confidential information or that of its clients, which could expose the Issuer to a risk of loss, regulatory 
consequences or litigation and could have a negative impact on its reputation and brand name, all of which could 
have a material adverse effect on its business, results of operations and financial condition. 
Furthermore, if any of the Issuer's managers or employees engage in misconduct in carrying out their duties, the 
mechanisms the Issuer has in place may be deemed inadequate and the Issuer may be subject to sanctions 
(including fines and, in the most serious cases, disqualification, prohibition from carrying on its business, 
suspension or revocation of licences and authorisations) which could have an adverse effect on its business, results 
of operations and financial condition. In addition, the Issuer cannot rule out any future breach of money laundering 
legislation, for example by not properly carrying out background checks on customers.

--- Page 40 ---
10261197493-v5 
- 29 - 
47-41058517 
 
Any malfunction or defect in the Issuer's information technology systems could materially affect its ability to 
operate its business  
The Issuer's business relies on the proper and uninterrupted functioning of its IT and data processing systems. The 
Issuer has made significant investments to develop a secure and reliable IT system. However, the Issuer cannot 
rule out the possibility that any serious failure of the factoring system or of its disaster recovery plan or any 
external IT attacks could interrupt its business or materially affect its activities. 
Risks related to technology and cyber-security change rapidly and require continued innovation and investment. 
Given the rapidly increasing sophistication and scope of potential cyber-attack, future attacks may lead to 
significant breaches in the Issuer's security. Any of these disruptions, the inability to manage cyber-security risk 
adequately, or the interception of confidential or proprietary information could give rise to losses in service to its 
customers and to loss or liability to its Group. 
The Issuer uses information systems that enable integration among the distribution structure, internal operating 
structures and software applications through which customers access the services offered. Any malfunctioning or 
interruption of these information systems, due to internal or external factors, could expose the Issuer's business to 
operational, strategic and reputational risks. In addition, its ability to remain competitive depends in part on its 
ability to upgrade its information technology on a timely and cost-effective basis. The Issuer may not be able to 
maintain the level of capital expenditure necessary to support the improvement or upgrading of its information 
technology infrastructure. If the design of its controls and procedures prove inadequate, or are circumvented, 
delays in detection or errors in information may occur and its reputation could be damaged and/or its competitive 
position weakened.  
Any serious or repeated system failure could result in the loss of information on payment patterns and timing 
contained in the Issuer's database or such information becoming inaccurate or unreliable and could compromise 
its ability to competitively purchase or manage receivables, which could have a material adverse effect on its 
business, results of operations and financial condition. 
The Issuer collects, stores and processes sensitive personal data belonging to its customers  
In carrying out its activities the Issuer collects, stores and processes the sensitive personal and business data of its 
customers, in accordance with Regulation (EU) 2016/679. The Issuer also adopts internal procedures and 
measures to regulate access to data by its own staff and its treatment to prevent unauthorised access and treatment. 
The Issuer is exposed to the risk that the procedures implemented and the measures adopted may prove not to be 
adequate and/or in compliance with laws and regulations and/or promptly or properly implemented by employees 
and associates (possibly due to continuous changes in the rules and procedures themselves). Thus, the data could 
be subject to damage, loss or theft, or disclosure or processing for purposes other than those authorised by the 
customers, or even use by unauthorised parties (whether third parties or employees of companies of the Group). 
If any of these circumstances occur, they could have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, including 
its reputation, and the application of administrative and criminal penalties by the Data Protection Authority 
(Autorità Garante per la Protezione dei Dati Personali) on one or more companies of the Group or their 
representatives, which could have a material adverse effect on its business, results of operation and financial 
condition. 
The Issuer's risk management policies, procedures and methods may leave it exposed to unidentified or 
unanticipated risks  
The Issuer believes it has in place an adequate risk management system, in terms of defined governance 
framework, adopted policies and procedures, used systems and dedicated human resources which allow the Issuer 
to identify, monitor and manage potential risks (so called "risk management") that the Issuer is exposed to in the 
course of its business, including credit, counterparty, liquidity, market, interest rate, concentration, operational 
and IT risks. 
The Issuer has developed specific policies and procedures which provide for corrective mechanisms to be applied 
before potential risks reach certain thresholds set by the Bank of Italy or by its Board of Directors. Methods used 
to monitor and manage these risks include analysis of historical data series, market trends and the use of statistical 
models for the identification, monitoring, control and management of risks. 
If the policies and procedures the Issuer uses to identify, monitor and manage risk turn out to be inadequate, or 
the Issuer's assessments and assumptions turn out to be inaccurate, thus exposing the Issuer to unforeseen and

--- Page 41 ---
10261197493-v5 
- 30 - 
47-41058517 
 
unquantified risks, the Issuer may incur significant losses, which could have a material adverse effect on its 
business, results of operations and financial condition. 
Furthermore, even if the Issuer's internal procedures for the identification and management of risk are adequate, 
the occurrence of certain events that cannot be predicted or quantified (considering the uncertainty and volatility 
that currently characterises global markets) may increase such risks, which could have a material adverse effect 
on its business, results of operations and financial condition. 
RISK FACTORS RELATING TO THE NOTES 
The risks below have been classified into the following categories: 
• 
Risks applicable to all Notes; 
• 
Risks related to the structure of a particular issue of notes; 
• 
Risks related to Notes generally; and 
• 
Risk related to markets generally. 
Risks applicable to all Notes 
The Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive may affect the Notes  
As described in "– Factors that may affect the Issuer's ability to fulfil its obligations under Notes issued under the 
Programme – Extensive regulation in the banking sector may adversely affect the Issuer's business" above, the 
Regulatory Authorities have, pursuant to the BRRD framework, the power to apply "resolution" tools if the Issuer 
is failing or likely to fail, as an alternative to liquidazione coatta amministrativa (compulsory liquidation 
proceedings). Specifically, these tools are: (1) the sale of business assets or shares of the Issuer; (2) the 
establishment of a bridging organization; (3) the separation of the unimpaired assets of the Issuer from those 
which are deteriorated or impaired; and (4) a bail-in, through write-down/conversion into equity of regulatory 
capital instruments (including the Subordinated Notes or the Additional Tier 1 Notes) as well as other liabilities 
of the Issuer (including the Senior Notes) if the relevant conditions are satisfied and in accordance with the 
creditors' hierarchy provided under the relevant provisions of Italian law. 
Furthermore, Article 33(a) of BRRD II introduces a new pre-resolution moratorium tool as a temporary measure 
in an early stage and new suspension powers, which the resolution authority can use within the resolution period. 
Any suspension of activities can, as stated above, result in the partial or complete suspension of the performance 
of agreements (including any payment or delivery obligation) entered into by the respective credit institution. The 
exercise of any such power or any suggestion of such exercise could materially adversely affect the rights of the 
holders of securities issued by the Issuer, the price or value of their investment in any such security and/or the 
ability of the credit institution to satisfy its obligations under any such security.  
In particular, by its acquisition of a Note (whether on issuance or in the secondary market), each holder of the 
Notes acknowledges, accepts, agrees to be bound by and consents to the exercise of any Bail-in Power by a 
Regulatory Authority that may result in the cancellation of all, or a portion, of the principal amount of, or interest 
on, the Notes and/or the conversion of all, or a portion, of the principal amount of, or interest on, the Notes into 
equity or other securities or other obligations of the Issuer or another person, including by means of a variation to 
the terms of the Notes, in each case to give effect to the exercise by a Regulatory Authority of such Bail-in Power. 
Each holder of the Notes acknowledges, accepts and agrees that its rights as a holder of the Notes are subject to, 
and will be varied, if necessary, so as to give effect to, the exercise of any such power by any Regulatory Authority.  
The exercise of any power under the BRRD or any suggestion of such exercise taking place could, therefore, have 
a material adverse effect on the rights of Noteholders, the price or value of their investment in any Notes and/or 
the ability of the Issuer to satisfy its obligations under any Notes.  
For a description of the loss absorption requirement, see Conditions 2 (Status of Senior Notes), 2.A (Status of 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes) and 3 (Status of Subordinated Notes) of the Terms and Conditions for the English 
Law Notes in Physical Form, Conditions 2 (Status of Senior Notes), 2.A (Status of Senior Non-Preferred Notes), 
3 (Status of Subordinated Notes) and 4 (Status of Additional Tier 1 Notes) of the Terms and Conditions for the 
Italian Law Notes in Physical Form, as applicable and Conditions 2 (Status of Senior Notes), 2.A (Status of Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes), 3 (Status of Subordinated Notes) and 4 (Status of Additional Tier 1 Notes) of the Terms 
and Conditions for the Dematerialised Notes. 
Risks related to the structure of a particular issue of Notes

--- Page 42 ---
10261197493-v5 
- 31 - 
47-41058517 
 
Notes subject to optional redemption by the Issuer  
An optional redemption feature of Notes is likely to limit their market value. During any period when the Issuer 
may, or there is an actual or perceived increase in the likelihood that the Issuer may, elect to redeem Notes, the 
market value of those Notes normally will not rise above the price at which they can be redeemed. This also may 
be true prior to any redemption period.  
The Issuer may be expected to redeem Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest rate on the 
Notes. If this occurs, there can be no assurance that it will be possible for Noteholders to reinvest the redemption 
proceeds at an effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Notes.  
Redemption prior to maturity for tax reasons  
If the Issuer would be obliged to increase the amounts payable in respect of the Notes due to any change in or 
amendment to the laws or regulations of the Republic of Italy or any political subdivision thereof or of any 
authority therein or thereof having the power to tax or in the interpretation or administration thereof, the Issuer 
may redeem all outstanding Notes in accordance with the Conditions of the Notes. If this occurs, there can be no 
assurance that it will be possible for Noteholders to reinvest the redemption proceeds at an effective interest rate 
as high as the interest rate on the Notes. See also "Notes subject to optional redemption by the Issuer" above. 
Redemption for Regulatory Reasons 
The Issuer may also, at its option, redeem Subordinated Notes following a Regulatory Event in accordance with 
Condition 11.3 (Redemption for Regulatory Reasons) of the Terms and Conditions for the English Law Notes in 
Physical Form, Condition 15.4 (Redemption for Regulatory Reasons) of the Terms and Conditions for the Italian 
Law Notes in Physical Form or Condition 15.4 (Redemption for Regulatory Reasons) of the Terms and Conditions 
for the Dematerialised Notes, as applicable. In addition, the Issuer may also, at its option, redeem Additional Tier 
1 Notes following a Capital Event in accordance with Condition 15.4 (Redemption for Regulatory Reasons) of the 
Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes in Physical Form and Condition 15.4 (Redemption for Regulatory 
Reasons) of the Terms and Conditions for the Dematerialised Notes, as applicable. Any redemption of the 
Subordinated Notes or the Additional Tier 1 Notes shall be subject to the prior approval of the Relevant Authority, 
as further set out in Condition 11.6 (Redemption of Subordinated Notes) of the Terms and Conditions for the 
English Law Notes in Physical Form, Condition 15.8 (Redemption of Subordinated Notes and Additional Tier 1 
Notes) of the Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes in Physical Form and Condition 15.8 (Redemption 
of Subordinated Notes and Additional Tier 1 Notes) of the Terms and Conditions for the Dematerialised Notes, as 
applicable. See also "Regulatory Classification of the Subordinated Notes" in respect of the Subordinated Notes 
and "Regulatory classification of the Additional Tier 1 Notes" in respect of Additional Tier 1 Notes below. If this 
occurs, there can be no assurance that it will be possible for Noteholders to reinvest the redemption proceeds at 
an effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Notes. See also "Notes subject to optional redemption 
by the Issuer" above. 
Reform of EURIBOR and other interest rate index and equity, commodity and foreign exchange rate index 
"benchmarks" 
The Euro Interbank Offered Rate ("EURIBOR") and other indices which are deemed "benchmarks" are the 
subject of recent national, international and other regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. Some of these 
reforms are already effective while others are still to be implemented. These reforms may cause such 
"benchmarks" to perform differently than in the past, or to disappear entirely, or have other consequences which 
cannot be predicted. Any such consequence could have a material adverse effect on any Notes linked to a 
"benchmark". 
Key international reforms of "benchmarks" include EU's Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 of the European Parliament 
and of the Council of 8 June 2016 on indices used as benchmarks in financial instruments and financial contracts 
or to measure the performance of investment funds and amending Directives 2008/48/EC and 2014/17/EU and 
Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 (the "EU Benchmarks Regulation") which has applied since 1 January 2018. 
The Benchmarks Regulation and Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA (the "UK Benchmarks Regulation") applies to "contributors", "administrators" and "users of" 
"benchmarks" in the EU, and among other things, (i) requires benchmark administrators to be authorised (or, if 
non-EU-based or non-UK-based, to be subject to an equivalent regulatory regime) and to comply with extensive 
requirements in relation to the administration of "benchmarks" and (ii) bans the use of "benchmarks" of 
unauthorised administrators, among other things, applies to the provision of benchmarks and the use of a 
benchmark in the UK. Similarly, it prohibits the use in the UK by UK supervised entities of benchmarks of 
administrators that are not authorised by the FCA or registered on the FCA register (or, if non-UK based, not

--- Page 43 ---
10261197493-v5 
- 32 - 
47-41058517 
 
deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed). The scope of the EU Benchmarks Regulation and the UK 
Benchmarks Regulation is wide and, in addition to so-called "critical benchmark" indices such as EURIBOR, 
could also potentially apply to many other interest rate indices, as well as equity, commodity and foreign exchange 
rate indices and other indices (including "proprietary" indices or strategies) which are referenced in listed financial 
instruments (including listed Notes), financial contracts and investment funds.  
The EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable, could also have a material 
impact on any listed Notes linked to a "benchmark" index, including in any of the following circumstances: 
(i) 
an index which is a "benchmark" could not be used as such if its administrator does not obtain appropriate 
EU or UK authorisations or is based in a non-EU or non-UK jurisdiction which (subject to any applicable 
transitional provisions) does not have equivalent regulation. In such event, depending on the particular 
"benchmark" and the applicable terms of the Notes, the Notes could be delisted (if listed), adjusted, 
redeemed or otherwise impacted; 
(ii) 
the methodology or other terms of the "benchmark" related to a series of Notes could be changed in order 
to comply with the terms of the EU Benchmarks Regulation, and such changes could have the effect of 
reducing or increasing the rate or level of the "benchmark" or of affecting the volatility of the published 
rate or level, and could lead to adjustments to the terms of the Notes, including Calculation Agent 
determination of the rate or level in its discretion. 
Any of the international, national or other reforms (or proposals for reform) or the general increased regulatory 
scrutiny of "benchmarks" could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the 
setting of a "benchmark" and complying with any such regulations or requirements. Such factors may have the 
effect of discouraging market participants from continuing to administer or participate in certain "benchmarks", 
trigger changes in the rules or methodologies used in certain "benchmarks" or lead to the disappearance of certain 
"benchmarks".  
On 21 September 2017, the European Central Bank announced that it would be part of a new working group 
tasked with the identification and adoption of a "risk free overnight rate" which can serve as a basis for an 
alternative to current benchmarks used in a variety of financial instruments and contracts in the euro area. On 11 
May 2021 the euro risk-free rate working group published its recommendation on EURIBOR fallback trigger 
events and fallback rates. The recommended fallback rates are based on the new Euro short-term rate ("€STR"). 
Although EURIBOR has subsequently been reformed in order to comply with the terms of the Benchmark 
Regulation, it remains uncertain as to how long it will continue in its current form, or whether it will be further 
reformed or replaced with €STR or an alternative benchmark.  
Following the implementation of any such potential reforms, the manner of administration of benchmarks may 
change, with the result that they may perform differently than in the past, or the benchmark could be eliminated 
entirely, or there could be other consequences that cannot be predicted. The disappearance of a "benchmark" or 
changes in the manner of administration of a "benchmark" could require or result in adjustment to the interest 
calculation provisions of the Conditions (as described in Condition 7.10 (Benchmark Replacement) of the Terms 
and Conditions for the English Law Notes in Physical Form, by Condition 9.10 (Benchmark Replacement) of the 
Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes in Physical Form and Condition 9.10 (Benchmark Replacement) 
of the Terms and Conditions for the Dematerialised Notes) or result in adverse consequences to holders of any 
securities linked to such benchmark (including but not limited to Floating Rate Notes or Reset Rate Notes whose 
interest rates are linked to any benchmark that is subject to reform). Furthermore, even prior to the implementation 
of any changes, uncertainty as to the nature of alternative reference rates and as to potential changes to such 
benchmark may adversely affect such benchmark during the term of the relevant Notes, the return on the relevant 
Notes and the trading market for securities based on the same benchmark. 
The Terms and Conditions for the Notes in Physical Form and the Terms and Conditions for the Dematerialised 
Notes provide for certain fallback arrangements in the event that a published benchmark, such as EURIBOR, 
(including any page on which such benchmark may be published (or any successor service)) becomes unavailable, 
including the possibility that the rate of interest could be set by reference to a reference bond rate, a successor rate 
or an alternative reference rate and that such successor rate or alternative reference rate may be adjusted (if 
required) in order to reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any economic 
prejudice or benefit (as applicable) to investors arising out of the replacement of the relevant benchmark. In certain 
circumstances the ultimate fallback of interest for a particular Interest Period or Reset Period (as applicable) may 
result in the rate of interest for the last preceding Interest Period or Reset Period (as applicable) being used. This 
may result in the effective application of a fixed rate for Floating Rate Notes or Reset Rate Notes (as applicable) 
based on the rate which was last observed on the Relevant Screen Page. In addition, due to the uncertainty 
concerning the availability of successor rates and alternative reference rates and the involvement of an 
Independent Adviser, the relevant fallback provisions may not operate as intended at the relevant time. If the

--- Page 44 ---
10261197493-v5 
- 33 - 
47-41058517 
 
Independent Adviser or, as applicable, the Issuer determines that amendments to the "Terms and Conditions for 
the English Law Notes in Physical Form" or the "Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes in Physical 
Form", or the "Terms and Conditions for the Dematerialised Notes", as the case may be, the Agency Agreement 
for the English Law Notes in Physical Form, the Agency Agreement for the Italian Law Notes in Physical Form 
are necessary to ensure the proper operation of any Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate and/or 
Adjustment Spread or to comply with any applicable regulation or guidelines on the use of benchmarks or other 
related document issued by the competent regulatory authority, then such amendments shall be made without any 
requirement for the consent or approval of Noteholders, as provided by Condition 7.10 (Benchmark Replacement) 
of the Terms and Conditions for the English Law Notes in Physical Form and by Condition 9.10 (Benchmark 
Replacement) of the Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes in Physical Form and Condition 9.10 
(Benchmark Replacement) of the Terms and Conditions for the Dematerialised Notes. 
Any such consequences could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any such Notes. 
Moreover, any of the above matters or any other significant change to the setting or existence of any relevant 
reference rate could affect the ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations under the Floating Rate Notes or Reset 
Rate Notes or could have a material adverse effect on the value or liquidity of, and the amount payable under, the 
Floating Rate Notes or Reset Rate Notes. Investors should consider these matters when making their investment 
decision with respect to the relevant Floating Rate Notes or Reset Rate Notes.  
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the potential risks 
imposed by the EU Benchmarks Regulation reforms, investigations and licensing issues in making any investment 
decision with respect to the Notes linked to a "benchmark". 
CMS Linked Interest Notes and SONIA Linked Interest Notes 
The Issuer may issue Notes with interest determined by reference to the CMS Rate or SONIA (the "Relevant 
Factor"). Potential investors should be aware that: 
(i) 
the market price of such Notes may be volatile; 
(ii) 
they may receive no interest; 
(iii) 
the Relevant Factor may be subject to significant fluctuations that may not correlate with changes in 
interest rates, currencies or other indices; 
(iv) 
if the Relevant Factor is applied to Notes in conjunction with a multiplier greater than one or contains 
some other leverage factor, the effect of changes in the Relevant Factor on principal or interest payable 
likely will be magnified; and 
(v) 
the timing of changes in a Relevant Factor may affect the actual yield to investors, even if the average 
level is consistent with their expectations. In general, the earlier the change in the Relevant Factor, the 
greater the effect on yield. 
Any such circumstances could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any such Notes.  
The market continues to develop in relation to risk free rates (including overnight rates) as a reference rate for 
Floating Rate Notes  
The use of risk-free rates, including those such as SONIA and €STR, as reference rates for Eurobonds continues 
to develop. This relates not only to the substance of the calculation and the development and adoption of market 
infrastructure for the issuance and trading of bonds referencing such rates, but also how widely such rates and 
methodologies might be adopted. 
The market or a significant part thereof may adopt an application of risk-free rates that differs significantly from 
that set out in the Conditions and used in relation to Notes that reference risk-free rates issued under this 
Programme. The Issuer may in the future also issue Notes referencing SONIA, the SONIA Compounded Index 
or €STR that differ materially in terms of interest determination when compared with any previous Notes issued 
by it under this Programme. The development of risk-free rates for the Eurobond markets could result in reduced 
liquidity or increased volatility, or could otherwise affect the market price of any Notes that reference a risk-free 
rate issued under this Programme from time to time. 
In addition, the manner of adoption or application of risk-free rates in the Eurobond markets may differ materially 
compared with the application and adoption of risk-free rates in other markets, such as the derivatives and loan 
markets. Investors should carefully consider how any mismatch between the adoption of such reference rates in

--- Page 45 ---
10261197493-v5 
- 34 - 
47-41058517 
 
the bond, loan and derivatives markets may impact any hedging or other financial arrangements which they may 
put in place in connection with any acquisition, holding or disposal of Notes referencing such risk-free rates. 
In particular, investors should be aware that several different methodologies have been used in risk-free rate notes 
issued to date. No assurance can be given that any particular methodology, including the compounding formula 
in the terms and conditions of the Notes, will gain widespread market acceptance. In addition, market participants 
and relevant working groups are exploring alternative reference rates based on risk free rates, including term 
SONIA reference rates (which seek to measure the market's forward expectation of an average SONIA rate over 
a designated term). The market, or a significant part thereof, may adopt an application of risk free rates that differs 
(possibly significantly) from that set out in the Conditions and used in relation to Notes referenced to a reference 
rate under the Programme. 
Interest on Notes which reference certain risk free rates is only capable of being determined immediately prior to 
the relevant Interest Payment Date. It may be difficult for investors in Notes which reference such risk free rate 
to reliably estimate the amount of interest which will be payable on such Notes. Furthermore, if the Notes become 
due and payable or are otherwise redeemed early on a date other than an Interest Payment Date, the Rate of Interest 
payable for the final Interest Period in respect of such Notes shall only be determined immediately prior to the 
date the Notes became due and payable and shall not be reset thereafter. 
Investors should consider these matters when making their investment decision with respect to any Floating Rate 
Notes which reference SONIA, €STR or any related indices. 
The administrator of SONIA or €STR or any related index may make changes that could change the value of 
SONIA or €STR or any related index, or discontinue SONIA or €STR or any related index 
The Bank of England or the European Central Bank (or their successors) as administrators of SONIA (and the 
SONIA Compounded Index) or €STR, respectively, may make methodological or other changes that could change 
the value of these risk-free rates and/or indices, including changes related to the method by which such risk-free 
rate is calculated, eligibility criteria applicable to the transactions used to calculate SONIA or €STR, or timing 
related to the publication of SONIA or €STR or any related indices. In addition, the administrator may alter, 
discontinue or suspend calculation or dissemination of SONIA or €STR or any related index (in which case a 
fallback method of determining the interest rate on the Notes will apply). 
The administrator has no obligation to consider the interests of Noteholders when calculating, adjusting, 
converting, revising or discontinuing any such risk-free rate. 
Fixed Rate Notes 
Investment in Fixed Rate Notes involves the risks that if market interest rates subsequently increase above the 
rate paid on the Fixed Rate Notes, this will adversely affect the value of the Fixed Rate Notes. 
Variable rate Notes with a multiplier or other leverage factor 
Notes with variable interest rates can be volatile investments. If they are structured to include multipliers or other 
leverage factors, or caps or floors, or any combination of those features or other similar related features, their 
market values may be even more volatile than those for securities that do not include those features. 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may bear interest at a rate that the Issuer may elect to convert from a fixed rate to a 
floating rate, or from a floating rate to a fixed rate. The Issuer's ability to convert the interest rate will affect the 
secondary market and the market value of the Notes since the Issuer may be expected to convert the rate when it 
is likely to produce a lower overall cost of borrowing. If the Issuer converts from a fixed rate to a floating rate, 
the spread on the Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may be less favourable than then prevailing spreads on comparable 
Floating Rate Notes tied to the same reference rate. In addition, the new floating rate at any time may be lower 
than the rates on other Notes. If the Issuer converts from a floating rate to a fixed rate, the fixed rate may be lower 
than then prevailing rates on its Notes. 
Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium 
The market values of Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium from their principal amount tend to 
fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices for conventional interest-bearing 
securities. Generally, the longer the remaining term of the Notes, the greater the price volatility as compared to 
conventional interest-bearing securities with comparable maturities.

--- Page 46 ---
10261197493-v5 
- 35 - 
47-41058517 
 
The interest rate on Reset Rate Notes will reset on each Reset Date, which can be expected to affect the interest 
payment on an investment in Reset Rate Notes and could affect the market value of the Reset Notes 
Reset Rate Notes will initially earn interest at the Initial Rate of Interest until (but excluding) the Reset Date (or, 
if there is more than one Reset Period, the first Reset Date). On the first Reset Date and on each subsequent Reset 
Date (if any) thereafter, the interest rate will be reset to the sum of the applicable Reset Reference Rate and the 
applicable Reset Margin (the "Reset Rate"), which could be less than the Initial Rate of Interest or the Reset Rate 
for prior Reset Periods, and could affect the market value of an investment in the Reset Rate Notes. 
The Notes have limited Events of Default and remedies 
The Events of Default in respect of the Notes, being events upon which the Noteholders may declare the Notes to 
be immediately due and payable, are limited to circumstances in which the relevant Issuer becomes subject to 
insolvency or liquidation as set out in Condition 15 (Events of Default) of the Terms and Conditions for the English 
Law Notes in Physical Form, Condition 19 (Events of Default) of the Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law 
Notes in Physical Form or Condition 18 (Events of Default) of the Terms and Conditions for the Dematerialised 
Notes, as applicable. Accordingly, other than following the occurrence of an Event of Default, even if the Issuer 
fails to meet any of its obligations under the Notes, including the payment of any interest, or in case of the exercise 
of any bail-in by the Relevant Authority, the Noteholders will not have the right of acceleration of principal and 
the sole remedy available to Noteholders for recovery of amounts owing in respect of any of the Notes will be the 
institution of proceedings to enforce such payment. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Issuer will not, by virtue 
of the institution of any such proceedings, be obliged to pay any sum or sums sooner than the same would 
otherwise have been payable by it. 
Risk relating to the governing law of the Italian Law Notes in Physical Form 
The Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes in Physical Form are governed by Italian law and Condition 
26 (Contractual Recognition of Bail-In Powers) of the Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes in Physical 
Form provides that contractual and non-contractual obligations arising out or in connection with them are 
governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, Italian Law. The Global Notes representing the Italian 
Law Notes in Physical Form provide that all contractual and non-contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection with the Global Notes representing the Italian Law Notes in Physical Form are governed by Italian 
law, save for the form and transferability of the Global Notes which are governed by English law. Furthermore, 
Temporary Global Notes or the Permanent Global Notes, whether issued in CGN or NGN form, as the case may 
be, representing the Italian Law Notes in Physical Form are signed by the Issuer in the United Kingdom and, 
thereafter, delivered to the Principal Paying Agent, being the entity in charge for, inter alia, completing, 
authenticating and delivering the Temporary Global Notes and Permanent Global Notes and (if required) 
authenticating and delivering Definitive Notes, hence the Italian Law Notes in Physical Form would be deemed 
to be issued in England according to Italian law. Article 59 of Law No. 218 of 31 May 1995 (regarding the Italian 
international private law rules) provides that "other debt securities (titoli di credito) are governed by the law of 
the State in which the security was issued". 
In light of the above, the Issuer cannot foresee the effect of any potential misalignment between the laws applicable 
to the Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes in Physical Form and the Global Notes and the laws 
applicable to their transfer and circulation for any prospective investors in the Italian Law Notes in Physical Form 
and any disputes which may arise in relation to, inter alia, the transfer of ownership in the Italian Law Notes in 
Physical Form. 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
Italian law applicable to the Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
Banks and companies belonging to banking groups may issue senior non-preferred securities (the so-called 
"strumenti di debito chirografario di secondo livello"). 
To qualify as senior non-preferred securities, the Senior Non-Preferred Notes must comply with certain 
requirements, such as: 
(i) 
the original maturity period is at least twelve months; 
(ii) 
the Senior Non-Preferred Notes are not derivative securities or linked to derivative securities, nor include 
any feature of such derivative securities; 
(iii) 
the minimum denomination is at least equal to €150,000 (as subsequently amended from time to time);

--- Page 47 ---
10261197493-v5 
- 36 - 
47-41058517 
 
(iv) 
the prospectus and the agreements regulating the issuance of senior non-preferred securities expressly 
provide that payment of interests and reimbursement of principal due in respect thereof are subject to the 
provisions set forth in of Article 91, section 1-bis, letter c-bis of the Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 
September 1993, as amended (the "Consolidated Banking Law"). 
According to Article 91, section 1-bis, letter c-bis of the Consolidated Banking Law, in case an issuer of senior 
non-preferred securities is subject to compulsory liquidation (liquidazione coatta amministrativa), the relevant 
payment obligations in respect thereof will rank in right of payment (A) after unsubordinated creditors (including 
depositors), (B) at least pari passu with all other present and future unsubordinated and non-preferred obligations 
which do not rank or are not expressed by their terms to rank junior or senior to such senior non-preferred securities 
and (C) in priority to any present or future claims ranking junior to such senior non-preferred securities and the 
claims of the shareholders. 
Furthermore, Article 12-bis of the Consolidated Banking Law also provides that: 
(A) 
the provisions set forth in Article 91, paragraph 1-bis, letter c-bis of the Consolidated Banking Law shall 
apply to such senior non-preferred securities only to the extent that the requirements described in 
paragraphs (i), (ii) and (iv) above have been complied with; any contractual provision which does not 
comply with any of the above requirements is invalid but such invalidity does not imply the invalidity of 
the entire agreement; 
(B) 
the senior non-preferred securities, once issued, may not be amended in a manner that the requirements 
described in paragraphs (i), (ii) and (iv) above are not complied with and that any different contractual 
provision is null and void; and 
(C) 
the Bank of Italy may enact further regulation providing for additional requirements in respect of the 
issuance and the characteristics of senior non-preferred securities. 
Any prospective investor in the Senior Non-Preferred Notes should be aware that with reference to Articles 12-
bis and 91, section 1-bis, letter c-bis of the Consolidated Banking Law, as at the date of this Base Prospectus, no 
interpretation of the application of such provisions has been issued by any Italian court or governmental or 
regulatory authority and no regulation has been issued by the Bank of Italy in respect thereof. Consequently, it is 
possible that any regulation or official interpretation relating to the above will be issued in the future by the Bank 
of Italy or any different authority, the impact of which cannot be predicted by the Issuer as at the date of this Base 
Prospectus and which may have an adverse impact on the value of the Notes. 
The Senior Non-Preferred Notes are senior non-preferred obligations and are junior to certain obligations 
In order to be eligible to meet the requirements and conditions of Articles 12-bis and 91, section 1-bis, letter c-bis 
of the Consolidated Banking Law and any relevant implementing regulation which may be enacted for such 
purposes by any Relevant Authority and also qualify as eligible liabilities available to meet the MREL 
Requirements (as defined in the Conditions), Senior Non-Preferred Notes will rank junior to Senior Notes and 
any other unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer which rank, or are expressed to rank by their 
terms, senior to the Senior Non-Preferred Notes. As a result, the default risk on the Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
will be higher than the risk associated with preferred senior debt (such as Senior Notes) and other senior liabilities 
(such as wholesale deposits). 
Although Senior Non-Preferred Notes may pay a higher rate of interest than comparable Senior Notes which are 
not issued on a senior non-preferred basis, there is a greater risk that an investor in Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
will lose all or some of its investment should the Issuer become insolvent.  
Senior Non-Preferred Notes are new types of instruments  
Market participants, including credit rating agencies, are in the initial stages of evaluating the risks associated 
with senior non-preferred obligations. The credit ratings assigned to senior non-preferred securities such as the 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes may change as the rating agencies refine their approaches, and the value of such 
securities may be particularly volatile as the market becomes more familiar with them. It is possible that, over 
time, the credit ratings and value of senior non-preferred securities such as the Senior Non-Preferred Notes will 
be lower than those expected by investors at the time of issuance of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes. If so, 
investors may incur losses in respect of their investments in the Senior Non-Preferred Notes. 
Qualification of Senior Non-Preferred Notes as "strumenti di debito chirografario di secondo livello" 
The intention of the Issuer is for Senior Non-Preferred Notes to qualify on issue as "strumenti di debito 
chirografario di secondo livello" as defined under, and for the purposes of, Articles 12-bis and 91, section 1-bis,

--- Page 48 ---
10261197493-v5 
- 37 - 
47-41058517 
 
letter c-bis of the Consolidated Banking Law and any relevant implementing regulation which may be enacted for 
such purposes by any Relevant Authority and also qualify as eligible liabilities available to meet the MREL 
Requirements (as defined in the Conditions). Current regulatory practice by the Bank of Italy (acting as lead 
regulator) does not require (or customarily provide) a confirmation prior to the issuance of the Senior Non-
Preferred Notes that the Senior Non-Preferred Notes will comply with such provisions. 
Although it is Issuer's expectation that the Senior Non-Preferred Notes qualify as "strumenti di debito 
chirografario di secondo livello" as defined under, and for the purposes of, Articles 12-bis and 91, section 1-bis, 
letter c-bis of the Consolidated Banking Law and any relevant implementing regulation which may be enacted for 
such purposes by any Relevant Authority and also qualify as eligible liabilities available to meet the MREL 
Requirements (as defined in the Conditions) there can be no representation that this is or will remain the case 
during the life of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes.  
Senior Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes could be subject to a MREL Disqualification Event redemption  
Senior Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes are intended to be eligible liabilities available to meet the MREL 
Requirements (as defined in the Conditions). However, if Senior Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes are not 
eligible for the purposes of the MREL Requirements (or if they initially are compliant with the MREL 
Requirements and subsequently become ineligible due to a change in the relevant final regulations implementing 
the MREL requirements), then an MREL Disqualification Event will occur.  
In this respect, if at any time a MREL Disqualification Event occurs and is continuing in relation to any Series of 
Senior Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes, and the applicable Final Terms for the Senior Notes or Senior Non-
Preferred Notes of such Series specify that Issuer Call due to a MREL Disqualification Event is applicable, the 
Issuer may redeem all, but not part, of the Notes of such Series at the price set out in the applicable Final Terms 
together (if appropriate) with interest accrued to (but excluding) the date of redemption. Senior Notes and Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes may only be redeemed by the Issuer subject to (to the extent that the Relevant Authority so 
requires at the time of the proposed redemption) the Issuer having given such notice to the Relevant Authority as 
the Relevant Authority may then require prior to such redemption and no objection thereto has been raised by the 
Relevant Authority or (if required) the Relevant Authority has provided its consent thereto and any other 
requirements of the Relevant Authority applicable (if any) to such redemption at the time have been complied 
with by the Issuer (including, with reference to Senior Non-Preferred Notes, with respect to Article 12-bis and 
Article 91, section 1-bis, letter c-bis of the Consolidated Banking Law, and any relevant implementing regulation 
which may be enacted for such purposes by any Relevant Authority at the relevant time). A MREL 
Disqualification Event shall be deemed to have occurred if by reason of a change in the MREL Requirements as 
implemented in Italian law and regulations and/or EU regulations, as the case may be, which was not reasonably 
foreseeable by the Issuer at the Issue Date of the Senior Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes, all or part of the 
aggregate outstanding nominal amount of such Series of Senior Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes are or will 
be excluded fully or partially from the eligible liabilities available to meet the MREL Requirements.  
If the Senior Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes are to be so redeemed, there can be no assurance that 
Noteholders will be able to reinvest the amounts received upon redemption at a rate that will provide the same 
rate of return as their investment in the Senior Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes. In addition, the occurrence 
of a MREL Disqualification Event could result in a decrease in the market price of the Notes. See also "Notes 
subject to optional redemption by the Issuer" above. 
Early redemption and repurchase of the Senior Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes may be restricted  
Any early redemption or repurchase of Senior Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes is subject to compliance by 
the Issuer with any conditions to such redemption or repurchase prescribed by the Applicable Banking Regulations 
at the relevant time, including any requirements applicable to such redemption or repurchase due to the 
qualification of such Senior Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes at such time as eligible liabilities available to 
meet the MREL Requirements. 
In addition, the early redemption or repurchase of Senior Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes which qualify as 
eligible liabilities available to meet MREL Requirements is subject to the prior approval of the Relevant Authority 
where applicable from time to time under the applicable laws and regulations. The Banking Reform Package state 
that the Relevant Authority would approve an early redemption of the Senior Notes and the Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes where any of the following conditions is met: 
• 
on or before such early redemption or repurchase of the Senior Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes, 
the Issuer replaces the Senior Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes with Own Funds instruments or 
eligible liabilities of an equal or higher quality on terms that are sustainable for the income capacity of 
the Issuer;

--- Page 49 ---
10261197493-v5 
- 38 - 
47-41058517 
 
• 
the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Relevant Authority that its Own Funds and eligible 
liabilities would, following such redemption or repurchase, exceed the requirements for Own Funds and 
eligible liabilities set out in the Applicable Banking Regulations by a margin that the Relevant Authority 
considers necessary; or  
• 
the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Relevant Authority that the partial or full 
replacement of the eligible liabilities with Own Funds instruments is necessary to ensure compliance 
with the Own Funds requirements laid down in the Applicable Banking Regulations for continuing 
authorisation. 
The Relevant Authority shall consult with the Relevant Resolution Authority before granting that permission. 
Senior Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes which are English Law Notes in Physical Form may be subject 
to substitution and modification without Noteholder consent 
If (i) at any time a MREL Disqualification Event occurs and is continuing in relation to any Series of Senior Notes 
or Senior Non-Preferred Notes which are English Law Notes in Physical Form, and the applicable Final Terms 
for the Senior Non-Preferred Notes of such Series specify that Modification or Substitution of Senior Non-
Preferred Notes for MREL Disqualification Event is applicable, or (ii) in order to ensure the effectiveness and 
enforceability of Condition 24 (Contractual Recognition of Bail-in Powers) of the Terms and Conditions for the 
English Law Notes in Physical Form, then the Issuer may, subject to giving any notice required to be given to, 
and receiving any consent required from, the Relevant Authority and/or as appropriate the Relevant Resolution 
Authority (without any requirement for the consent or approval of the Holders of the Senior Notes or Senior Non-
Preferred Notes of that Series), at any time either substitute all (but not some only) of such Senior Notes or Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes, or vary the terms of all such Senior Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes so that they remain 
or, as appropriate, become, Qualifying Senior Notes or Qualifying Senior Non-Preferred Notes, as applicable, 
provided that such variation or substitution does not of itself give rise to any right of the Issuer to redeem the 
varied or substituted securities. 
Qualifying Senior Notes and Qualifying Senior Non-Preferred Notes, as applicable, are securities issued by the 
Issuer that, other than in respect of the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 24 (Contractual Recognition 
of Bail-in Powers) of the Terms and Conditions for the English Law Notes in Physical Form, have terms not 
materially less favourable to the Noteholders (as certified by the Issuer acting reasonably following consultation 
with an investment bank or financial adviser of international standing) than the terms of the relevant Senior Notes 
or Senior Non-Preferred Notes, as applicable. However, no assurance can be given as to whether any of these 
changes will negatively affect any particular Noteholder. In addition, the tax and stamp duty consequences of 
holding such substituted or varied notes could be different for some categories of Noteholders from the tax and 
stamp duty consequences for them of holding the notes prior to such substitution or variation. 
Subordinated Notes 
If the Issuer is declared insolvent and a winding up is initiated, or in the event that the Issuer becomes subject to 
an order of "liquidazione coatta amministrativa" as defined in the Consolidated Banking Law (as defined below) 
it will be required to pay the holders of senior debt and meet its obligations to all its other creditors (including 
unsecured creditors) in full before it can make any payments on the Subordinated Notes. If this occurs, the Issuer 
may not have enough assets remaining after these payments to pay amounts due under the Subordinated Notes, in 
addition, the timing of any such payment may not be forecasted at the date of this Base Prospectus. Furthermore, 
repayment of principal on the Subordinated Notes, whether at the Maturity Date or otherwise, is subject to the 
approval of the Relevant Authority in accordance with the Applicable Banking Regulations. 
The Issuer's obligations under Subordinated Notes will be unsecured and subordinated and will rank junior in 
priority to the claims of unsubordinated, unsecured creditors (including depositors) of the Issuer and any other 
subordinated obligations which rank or are expressed to rank senior to the Subordinated Notes. Although 
Subordinated Notes may pay a higher rate of interest than comparable notes which are not subordinated, there is 
a real risk that an investor in Subordinated Notes will lose all or some of its investment should the Issuer become 
insolvent. 
Furthermore, the BRRD provides for a Member State as a last resort, after having assessed and applied the 
resolution tools (including the general bail-in tool) to the maximum extent practicable whilst maintaining financial 
stability, to be able to provide extraordinary public financial support through additional financial stabilisation 
tools. 
These consist of the public equity support and temporary public ownership tools. Any such extraordinary financial 
support must be provided in accordance with the burden sharing requirements of the EU state aid framework and

--- Page 50 ---
10261197493-v5 
- 39 - 
47-41058517 
 
the BRRD. As an exemption from these principles, the BRRD allows for three kinds of extraordinary public 
support to be provided to a solvent institution without triggering resolution: (1) a State guarantee to back liquidity 
facilities provided by central banks according to the central banks' conditions; (2) a State guarantee of newly 
issued liabilities; or (3) an injection of Own Funds in the form of precautionary recapitalisation. In the case of 
precautionary recapitalisation EU state aid rules require that shareholders and junior bond holders (such as holders 
of the Subordinated Notes) contribute to the costs of restructuring. 
As a result, Subordinated Notes may be subject to a partial or full write-down or conversion to Common Equity 
Tier 1 instruments of the Issuer or one of the Group's entities or another institution. Accordingly, trading behaviour 
may also be affected by the threat that non-viability loss absorption (or the general bail-in tool) may be applied to 
Subordinated Notes or the burden sharing requirements of the EU state aid framework and the BRRD may be 
applied and, as a result, Subordinated Notes are not necessarily expected to follow the trading behaviour associated 
with other types of securities. Noteholders should consider the risk that they may lose all of their investment, 
including the principal amount plus any accrued interest if the non-viability loss absorption (or the general bail-
in tool) is applied to the Subordinated Notes or the burden sharing requirements of the EU state aid framework 
and the BRRD are applied or that such Subordinated Notes may be converted into ordinary shares which ordinary 
shares may be of little value at the time of conversion. 
Italian Legislative Decree No. 193 of 8 November 2021 implementing Directive 879/2019/EU ("BRRD II") in 
Italy and published on 30 November 2021 in the Gazzetta Ufficiale has transposed in the Italian legislation Article 
48(7) of BRRD II under Article 91, paragraph 1-bis), letter c-ter) of the Consolidated Banking Law. Such 
provisions state that (i) if an instrument is only partly recognised as an own funds item, the whole instrument shall 
be treated in insolvency as a claim resulting from an own funds item and shall rank lower than any claim that does 
not result from an own funds item and (ii) if an instrument is fully disqualified as own funds item, it would cease 
to be treated as a claim resulting from an own funds item in insolvency and, consequently, would improve their 
ranking with respect to any claim that results from an own funds item (such as the Subordinated Notes).  
In light of this new provision, if the Subordinated Notes were to be disqualified in full as own funds items in the 
future: (a) their ranking would improve vis-à-vis the rest of the Subordinated Notes; and (b) in the event of a 
liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer, the Issuer would, inter alia, be required to pay the holders of the Notes 
and any other subordinated creditors of the Issuer, whose claims arise from liabilities that are no longer fully 
recognised as an own funds instrument, in full before it can make any payments on any other Subordinated Notes 
which are still recognised (at least in part) as own funds instruments. 
For a full description of the subordination provisions relating to Subordinated Notes, see Condition 3 (Status of 
Subordinated Notes) of the Terms and Conditions for the English Law Notes in Physical Form, Condition 3 (Status 
of Subordinated Notes) of the Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes in Physical Form and Condition 3 
(Status of Subordinated Notes) of the Terms and Conditions for the Dematerialised Notes. 
Regulatory classification of the Subordinated Notes 
If any Subordinated Notes are issued under the Programme, the Issuer's intention is that they should qualify on 
issue as Tier 2 Capital, for so long as this is permitted under Bank of Italy regulations. Current regulatory practice 
by the Bank of Italy does not require (or customarily provide for) a confirmation prior to the issuance of 
Subordinated Notes that the Notes will be treated as such. There can be no assurance that any such Subordinated 
Notes will continue to qualify as Tier 2 Capital during the life of the Notes. If there is a change in the regulatory 
classification of the Subordinated Notes that would be likely to result in their exclusion, in whole or, to the extent 
permitted by the Applicable Banking Regulations, in part, from Tier 2 Capital of the Issuer, the Issuer will (if so 
specified in the applicable Final Terms) have the right to redeem the Notes in accordance with Condition 11.3 
(Redemption and Purchase - Redemption for Regulatory Reasons) of the Terms and Conditions for the English 
Law Notes in Physical Form, Condition 15.4 (Redemption and Purchase - Redemption for Regulatory Reasons) 
of the Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes in Physical Form or Condition 15.4 (Redemption and 
Purchase - Redemption for Regulatory Reasons) of the Terms and Conditions for the Dematerialised Notes, as 
applicable, subject to the prior approval of the Relevant Authority. There can be no assurance that holders of such 
Notes will be able to reinvest the amounts received upon redemption at a rate that will provide the same rate of 
return as their investments in the relevant Notes, as the case may be. 
Early redemption and purchase of the Subordinated Notes may be restricted 
The Applicable Banking Regulations prescribe certain conditions for the granting of permission by the Relevant 
Authority to a request by the Issuer to redeem a Series of Subordinated Notes prior to their stated maturity or 
repurchase the Subordinated Notes. Any early redemption or purchase of Subordinated Notes is subject to 
compliance by the Issuer with any conditions to such redemption or purchase set out in the Applicable Banking 
Regulations at the relevant time and to the other provisions set out in Condition 11.6 (Redemption of Subordinated

--- Page 51 ---
10261197493-v5 
- 40 - 
47-41058517 
 
Notes) of the Terms and Conditions for the English Law Notes in Physical Form, Condition 15.8 (Redemption of 
Subordinated Notes and Additional Tier 1 Notes) of the Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes in 
Physical Form and Condition 15.8 (Redemption of Subordinated Notes and Additional Tier 1 Notes) of the Terms 
and Conditions for the Dematerialised Notes. 
There can be no assurance that the Relevant Authority will permit any redemption or purchase of Subordinated 
Notes. In addition, the Issuer may elect not to exercise any option to redeem any Subordinated Notes early. Holders 
of Subordinated Notes should be aware that they may be required to bear the financial risks of an investment in 
such Notes for an extended period. 
Modification or Substitution of Subordinated Notes which are English Law Notes in Physical Form 
In relation to any series of Subordinated Notes which are English Law Notes in Physical Form, if the applicable 
Final Terms specify that Modification or Substitution of Subordinated Notes for Regulatory Event or Tax Event 
is applicable, then the Issuer may in certain circumstances modify the terms and conditions of all such 
Subordinated Notes or substitute new notes for the Subordinated Notes so that they remain or, as appropriate, 
become, Qualifying Subordinated Notes, as applicable, without any requirement for the consent or approval of 
the Noteholders to the extent that such modification or substitution is reasonably necessary to ensure that no 
Regulatory Event or Tax Event would exist after such modification. Any such modification or substitution could 
have a material adverse effect on the price or value of any investment in any Notes. 
Qualifying Subordinated Notes, as applicable, are securities issued by the Issuer that, other than in respect of the 
effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 24 (Contractual Recognition of Bail-in Powers) of the Terms and 
Conditions for the English Law Notes in Physical Form, have terms not less favourable to the Noteholders (as 
certified by the Issuer acting reasonably following consultation with an investment bank or financial adviser of 
international standing) than the terms of the Subordinated Notes, as applicable. However, no assurance can be 
given as to whether any of these changes will negatively affect any particular Noteholder. In addition, the tax and 
stamp duty consequences of holding such substituted or varied notes could be different for some categories of 
Noteholders from the tax and stamp duty consequences for them of holding the notes prior to such substitution or 
variation. 
The Additional Tier 1 Notes are subordinated obligations of the Issuer  
The Issuer's obligations under the Additional Tier 1 Notes are unsecured and subordinated and will rank 
subordinate and junior to all indebtedness of the Issuer, including unsubordinated indebtedness of the Issuer, the 
Issuer's obligations in respect of any dated subordinated instruments and any Tier 2 Capital or guarantee in respect 
of any such instruments (other than any instrument or contractual right expressed to rank pari passu with the 
Additional Tier 1 Notes), as more fully described in the "Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes in 
Physical Form" and "Terms and Conditions for the Dematerialised Notes". 
If any judgment is rendered by any competent court declaring the judicial liquidation of the Issuer or if the Issuer 
is liquidated for any other reason, the rights of payment of the Noteholders shall rank senior to any payments to 
holders of the Issuer's shares, including its azioni privilegiate, ordinary shares and azioni di risparmio (or certain 
securities or guarantees expressed to rank pari passu with the Issuer's shares or otherwise junior to the Additional 
Tier 1 Notes, as further described in Condition 4 (Status of Additional Tier 1 Notes) of the Terms and Conditions 
for the Italian Law Notes in Physical Form and Condition 4 (Status of Additional Tier 1 Notes) of the Terms and 
Conditions for the Dematerialised Notes). In the event of incomplete payment of unsubordinated creditors on 
liquidation, the obligations of the Issuer in connection with the Additional Tier 1 Notes will be terminated (save 
as otherwise provided under applicable law from time to time). Noteholders shall be responsible for taking all 
steps necessary for the orderly accomplishment of any collective proceedings or voluntary liquidation in relation 
to any claims they may have against the Issuer. 
Italian Legislative Decree No. 193 of 8 November 2021 implementing BRRD II in Italy and published on 30 
November 2021 in the Gazzetta Ufficiale has transposed in the Italian legislation Article 48(7) of BRRD II under 
Article 91, paragraph 1-bis), letter c-ter) of the Consolidated Banking Law. Such provisions state that (i) if an 
instrument is only partly recognised as an own funds item, the whole instrument shall be treated in insolvency as 
a claim resulting from an own funds item and shall rank lower than any claim that does not result from an own 
funds item and (ii) if an instrument is fully disqualified as own funds item, it would cease to be treated as a claim 
resulting from an own funds item in insolvency and, consequently, would improve their ranking with respect to 
any claim that results from an own funds item (such as the Subordinated Notes).  
In light of this new provision, if the Additional Tier 1 Notes were to be disqualified in full as own funds items in 
the future: (a) their ranking would improve vis-à-vis the rest of the Additional Tier 1 Notes; and (b) in the event 
of a liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer, the Issuer would, inter alia, be required to pay the holders of the Notes

--- Page 52 ---
10261197493-v5 
- 41 - 
47-41058517 
 
and any other subordinated creditors of the Issuer, whose claims arise from liabilities that are no longer fully 
recognised as an own funds instrument, in full before it can make any payments on any other Additional Tier 1 
Notes which are still recognised (at least in part) as own funds instruments. Furthermore, if the Additional Tier 1 
Notes are fully disqualified as Own Funds items, such Notes could not be subject to a write-down or conversion 
into common shares at the point of non-viability even though they would continue to be subject to bail-in, and, in 
the event the Issuer were to receive extraordinary financial support in accordance with the EU state aid framework 
and the BRRD, the burden sharing requirements of such legislation.  
Although the Additional Tier 1 Notes may pay a higher rate of interest than notes which are not subordinated, 
there is a substantial risk that investors in subordinated notes such as the Additional Tier 1 Notes will lose all or 
some of their investment should the Issuer become insolvent. 
The Additional Tier 1 Notes may be subject to write-down, cancellation or conversion upon the occurrence of 
the exercise by the relevant resolution authority of the general bail-in tool or capital instruments write-down 
and conversion powers, which powers are in addition to the terms of the Additional Tier 1 Notes which provide 
for Write-Down on the occurrence of a Contingency Event, or may be subject to the burden sharing 
requirements of the EU State aid framework and the BRRD  
Noteholders should understand that the powers to convert, write-down or cancel the Additional Tier 1 Notes given 
to resolution authorities pursuant to the rules and regulations described below are in addition to the terms of the 
Additional Tier 1 Notes which provide for Write-Down upon the occurrence of a Contingency Event. 
Investors should be aware that, in addition to the general bail-in tool, the BRRD provides for resolution authorities 
to have the further power to write-down permanently/convert into equity capital instruments such as the 
Additional Tier 1 Notes through the application of Non-Viability Loss Absorption. Any shares issued to holders 
of Additional Tier 1 Notes upon any such conversion into equity capital instruments may also be subject to any 
future application of the BRRD. 
Furthermore, the BRRD provides for a Member State as a last resort, after having assessed and applied the 
resolution tools (including the general bail-in tool) to the maximum extent practicable whilst maintaining financial 
stability, to be able to provide extraordinary public financial support through additional financial stabilisation 
tools. These consist of the public equity support and temporary public ownership tools. Any such extraordinary 
financial support must be provided in accordance with the burden sharing requirements of the EU state aid 
framework and the BRRD. As an exemption from these principles, the BRRD allows for three kinds of 
extraordinary public support to be provided to a solvent institution without triggering resolution: 1) a State 
guarantee to back liquidity facilities provided by central banks according to the central banks' conditions; 2) a 
State guarantee of newly issued liabilities; or 3) an injection of Own Funds in the form of precautionary 
recapitalisation. In the case of precautionary recapitalization EU state aid rules require that shareholders and junior 
bond holders (such as holders of the Additional Tier 1 Notes) contribute to the costs of restructuring. 
As a result, the Additional Tier 1 Notes may be subject to a partial or full write-down or conversion to common 
equity Tier 1 instruments of the Issuer or one of the Group's entities or another institution. Accordingly, trading 
behaviour may also be affected by the threat that Non-Viability Loss Absorption (or the general bail-in tool) may 
be applied to the Additional Tier 1 Notes or the burden sharing requirements of the EU state aid framework and 
the BRRD may be applied and, as a result, the Additional Tier 1 Notes are not necessarily expected to follow the 
trading behaviour associated with other types of securities. Noteholders should consider the risk that they may 
lose all of their investment, including the principal amount plus any accrued interest if the Non-Viability Loss 
Absorption (or the general bail-in tool) is applied to the Additional Tier 1 Notes or the burden sharing requirements 
of the EU state aid framework and the BRRD are applied or that such Additional Tier 1 Notes may be converted 
into ordinary shares which ordinary shares may be of little value at the time of conversion. 
For as long as the Additional Tier 1 Notes are in global form and in the event that any Write-Down or Write-Up 
is required pursuant to the Conditions, the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other 
clearing system of their respective participants' position held in the Additional Tier 1 Notes may not be 
immediately updated to reflect the amount of Write-Down or Write-Up and may continue to reflect the Prevailing 
Principal Amount of the Additional Tier 1 Notes prior to such Write-Down or Write-Up, for a period of time. The 
update process of the relevant clearing system may only be completed after the date on which the Write-Down or 
Write-Up will occur. No assurance can be given as to the period of time required by the relevant clearing system 
to complete the update of their records. Further, the conveyance of notices and other communications by the 
relevant clearing system to their respective participants, by those participants to their respective indirect 
participants, and by the participants and indirect participants to beneficial owners of interests in the Additional 
Tier 1 Notes in global form will be governed by arrangements among them, subject to any statutory or regulatory 
requirements as may be in effect from time to time.

--- Page 53 ---
10261197493-v5 
- 42 - 
47-41058517 
 
The Issuer may elect in its full discretion to cancel interest on the Additional Tier 1 Notes and may, in certain 
circumstances, be required to cancel such interest 
The Issuer may elect at any time in its full discretion to cancel (in whole or in part) for an unlimited period and 
on a no-cumulative basis Interest Amounts otherwise scheduled to be paid on any Interest Payment Date. 
Further, the Issuer will be required to cancel payment of Interest Amounts (in whole or, as the case may be, in 
part) if and to the extent that such Interest Amounts, when aggregated together with distributions on all other Own 
Funds instruments of the Issuer (excluding Tier 2 Capital instruments) paid or scheduled for payment in the then 
current financial year, exceed the amount of Distributable Items, excluding any payments already accounted for 
in determining the Distributable Items. See also "–The level of the Issuer's Distributable Items is affected by a 
number of factors and insufficient Distributable Items will restrict the ability of the Issuer to make interest 
payments on the Additional Tier 1 Notes" below. 
The Issuer will also be required to cancel payment of Interest Amounts (in whole or, as the case may be, in part) 
if and to the extent that such payment, when aggregated together with other distributions of the Issuer or the Group, 
as applicable, of the kind referred to in Article 141(2) of the CRD IV Directive and, if relevant, in any other similar 
payment restriction provision(s) under the Applicable Banking Regulations (or, if different, any provisions of 
Italian law implementing Article 141(2) of the CRD IV Directive or, if relevant, such other provision(s)), would 
cause the Maximum Distributable Amount (if any) then applicable to the Issuer and/or the Group to be exceeded, 
or where such Interest Amounts are required to be cancelled (in whole or in part) by an order to the Issuer from 
the Relevant Authority. 
Additionally, the Relevant Authority has the power under Article 104 of the CRD IV Directive to restrict or 
prohibit payments of interest by the Issuer to holders of Additional Tier 1 instruments such as the Additional Tier1 
Notes. The risk of any such intervention by the Relevant Authority is most likely to materialise if at any time the 
Issuer or the Group is failing, or is expected to fail, to meet its capital requirements – see "If the Issuer breaches 
the combined buffer requirement, a Maximum Distributable Amount will apply which may restrict the Issuer from 
making interest payments on the Additional Tier 1 Notes in certain circumstances; Noteholders may not be able 
to anticipate whether or when the Issuer will cancel such interest payments" below. 
Also, in accordance with Article 63(j) of the BRRD (as implemented in Italy by Article 60(1)(i) of Legislative 
Decree No. 180/2015), the Relevant Authority has the power to alter the amount of interest payable under debt 
instruments issued by banks subject to resolution proceedings and the date on which the interest becomes payable 
under the debt instrument (including the power to suspend payment for a temporary period). The Relevant 
Authority also has the power under Articles 53-bis and 67-ter of the Consolidated Banking Law to impose 
requirements on the Issuer, the effect of which will be to restrict or prohibit payments of interest by the Issuer to 
Noteholders, which is most likely to materialise if at any time the Issuer is failing, or is expected to fail, to meet 
its capital or liquidity requirements. If the Relevant Authority exercises its discretion, the Issuer will exercise its 
discretion to cancel (in whole or in part, as required by the Relevant Authority) interest payments in respect of the 
Additional Tier 1 Notes. 
Furthermore, upon the occurrence of a Contingency Event (as defined in Condition 13 (Loss absorption and 
Reinstatement of Principal Amount) of the Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes in Physical Form and 
Condition 13 (Loss absorption and Reinstatement of Principal Amount) of the Terms and Conditions for the 
Dematerialised Notes), the Issuer will not make payment of accrued and unpaid interest in respect of the 
Additional Tier 1 Notes up to the Write-Down Effective Date and any such accrued and unpaid interest shall be 
cancelled. 
The cancellation of any Interest Amounts shall not constitute a default for any purpose on the part of the Issuer. 
Interest on the Additional Tier 1 Notes is not cumulative and any Interest Amounts that the Issuer elects not to 
pay or is prohibited from paying will not accumulate or compound and all rights and claims in respect of such 
amounts shall be fully and irrevocably forfeited and no payments shall be made nor shall any Noteholder be 
entitled to any payment or indemnity in respect thereof. See Condition 12 (Interest and Interest Cancellation 
Provisions in respect of Additional Tier 1 Notes) of the Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes in Physical 
Form and Condition 12 (Interest and Interest Cancellation Provisions in respect of Additional Tier 1 Notes) of 
the Terms and Conditions for the Dematerialised Notes. 
Because the Issuer is entitled to cancel Interest Amounts in its full discretion, it may do so even if it could make 
such payments without exceeding the limits described above. Interest Amounts on the Additional Tier 1 Notes 
may be cancelled even if holders of the Issuer's shares continue to receive dividends and/or the Issuer and/or its 
subsidiaries continues to make payments of interest or other amounts on other Additional Tier 1 instruments.

--- Page 54 ---
10261197493-v5 
- 43 - 
47-41058517 
 
Any actual or anticipated cancellation of interest on the Additional Tier 1 Notes will likely have an adverse effect 
on the market price of the Additional Tier 1 Notes. In addition, as a result of the interest cancellation provisions 
of the Additional Tier 1 Notes, the market price of the Additional Tier 1 Notes may be more volatile than the 
market prices of other debt securities on which interest accrues that are not subject to such cancellation and may 
be more sensitive generally to adverse changes in the Issuer's financial condition. Any indication that, for example, 
the Issuer may not have sufficient Distributable Items and/or distributions may be limited by a Maximum 
Distributable Amount may have an adverse effect on the market price of the Additional Tier 1 Notes. 
The level of the Issuer's Distributable Items is affected by a number of factors and insufficient Distributable 
Items will restrict the ability of the Issuer to make interest payments on the Additional Tier 1 Notes 
As noted above, the Issuer will be required to cancel any Interest Amounts (in whole or, as the case may be, in 
part) if and to the extent that such Interest Amounts, when aggregated together with distributions on all other Own 
Funds instruments of the Issuer (excluding Tier 2 Capital instruments) paid or scheduled for payment in the then 
current financial year, exceed the amount of Distributable Items, excluding any payments already accounted for 
in determining the Distributable Items. 
The level of the Issuer's Distributable Items is affected by a number of factors. The Issuer's future Distributable 
Items, and therefore the ability of the Issuer to make interest payments under the Additional Tier 1 Notes, are a 
function of the Issuer's existing Distributable Items and its future profitability. In addition, the Issuer's 
Distributable Items may also be adversely affected by the servicing of more senior instruments, parity ranking 
instruments or more junior ranking instruments, including dividends on the Issuer's shares. See also "The Issuer 
may elect in its full discretion to cancel interest on the Additional Tier 1 Notes and may, in certain circumstances, 
be required to cancel such interest". 
The level of the Issuer's Distributable Items may be affected by changes to accounting rules, regulation or the 
requirements and expectations of applicable regulatory authorities. Any such potential changes could adversely 
affect the Issuer's Distributable Items in the future. 
Further, the Issuer's Distributable Items, and therefore the Issuer's ability to make interest payments under the 
Additional Tier 1 Notes, may be adversely affected by the performance of the business of the Group in general, 
factors affecting its financial position (including capital and leverage), the economic environment in which the 
Group operates and other factors outside of the Issuer's control. See generally "Factors that may affect the Issuer's 
ability to fulfil its obligations under Notes issued under the Programme" above. In addition, adjustments to 
earnings, as determined by the Board, may fluctuate significantly and may materially adversely affect 
Distributable Items. 
If the Issuer breaches the combined buffer requirement, a Maximum Distributable Amount will apply which 
may restrict the Issuer from making interest payments on the Additional Tier 1 Notes in certain circumstances; 
the determination of Maximum Distributable Amount is complex; Noteholders may not be able to anticipate 
whether or when the Issuer will cancel such interest payments  
Under the CRD IV, institutions are required to hold a minimum amount of regulatory capital equal to 8.0% of 
risk-weighted assets (the so called "Pillar 1 requirement"). CRD IV also introduces the combined buffer 
requirement (namely, the capital conservation buffer, the institution-specific counter-cyclical buffer, the G-SII 
buffer, the O-SII buffer and the systemic risk buffer) that is required to be met with CET1 capital. In addition, 
supervisory authorities may impose extra capital requirements above the Pillar 1 requirement. It has been clarified 
that the level of Own Funds above the Pillar 1 requirement will comprise a Pillar 2 requirement (which is binding) 
and a Pillar 2 guidance which is not directly binding. The EBA Guidelines on SREP published in July 2018 
furthermore clarifies that the Pillar 2 requirement is stacked below the capital buffers, thus directly affecting the 
application of Maximum Distributable Amount, while the Pillar 2 guidance is stacked above the capital buffers. 
The amendments to the CRR contained in the Banking Reform Package provide further clarification on the role 
of Pillar 2 guidance, referred to as the supervisory guidance on additional own fund. Competent authorities may 
communicate to an institution an adjustment to the amount of capital in excess of the minimum Own Funds 
requirements, the additional Own Funds requirement and the combined buffer requirement that they expect such 
institution to hold in order to deal with forward looking stress scenarios. Such supervisory guidance on additional 
Own Funds constitutes a capital target and is to be regarded as positioned above such requirements. Failure to 
meet such target does not trigger restrictions on distributions by reference to Maximum Distributable Amount. 
Under Article 141 (Restrictions on distributions) of the CRD IV Directive, EU Member States must require that 
institutions that fail to meet the combined buffer requirement (as described below) will be subject to restricted 
"discretionary payments" (which are defined broadly by CRD IV as payments relating to Common Equity Tier 1 
and Additional Tier 1 instruments and variable remuneration to staff).

--- Page 55 ---
10261197493-v5 
- 44 - 
47-41058517 
 
The restrictions will be scaled according to the extent of the breach of the combined buffer requirement and 
calculated as a percentage of the profits of the institution since the last distribution of profits or "discretionary 
payments". Such calculation will result in a "Maximum Distributable Amount" in each relevant period.  
Consequently, in the event of breach of the combined buffer requirement it may be necessary to reduce 
discretionary payments, including potentially cancelling (in whole or in part) interest payments in respect of the 
Additional Tier 1 Notes. Because the Issuer will have discretion to determine how to allocate the Maximum 
Distributable Amount among the different types of discretionary payments, the Issuer may elect to allocate 
available amounts to discretionary payments other than in respect of the Additional Tier 1 Notes. Moreover, 
payments made earlier in the relevant period will reduce the remaining Maximum Distributable Amount available 
for payments later in the relevant period, and the Conditions do not impose any obligation on the Issuer to preserve 
any portion of the Maximum Distributable Amount for interest payments on the Notes. The precise level of 
Maximum Distributable Amount will depend on the amount of net income earned during the course of the relevant 
period, which is necessarily difficult to predict. 
In addition to the above, the Maximum Distributable Amount restrictions are being extended to encompass also 
the MREL requirement. The Banking Reform Package contains a new Article 16a that clarifies the stacking order 
between the combined buffer requirement and the MREL requirement. Pursuant to this new provision the 
resolution authority shall have the power to prohibit an entity from distributing more than the Maximum 
Distributable Amount for the Minimum Requirement of Own Funds and eligible liabilities (MREL) (calculated 
in accordance with the proposed Article 16a(4) of the BRRD, the M-MDA) where the combined buffer 
requirement and the MREL requirement are not met and which may apply to the Issuer or the Group in the future. 
Article 16a envisages a potential nine-month grace period whereby the resolution authority assesses on a monthly 
basis whether to exercise its powers under the provision, before such resolution authority is compelled to exercise 
its power under the provisions (subject to certain limited exceptions, to be verified on a monthly basis). 
Accordingly, the Maximum Distributable Amount will encompass the M-MDA, once the provisions referred to 
above become applicable.  
The extended application of the restrictions on distributions provisions by reference to the M-MDA introduced 
by the Banking Reform Package increases the risk of a cancellation of interest payments under the Notes as well 
as impose further limitations on the Issuer's ability to reinstate principal on the Notes following a Write-Down. 
Holders of the Notes may not be able to predict accurately the proximity of the risk of discretionary interest 
payments or principal reinstatements on the Notes being restricted from time to time as a result of operation of 
the aforementioned restrictions on distributions provisions by reference to Maximum Distributable Amount. 
The Additional Tier 1 Notes may be traded with accrued interest, but under certain circumstances, such interest 
may be cancelled and not paid on the relevant Interest Payment Date 
The Additional Tier 1 Notes may trade, and/or the prices for the Additional Tier 1 Notes may appear, on the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange and in other trading systems with accrued interest. If this occurs, purchasers of 
Additional Tier 1 Notes in the secondary market will pay a price that reflects such accrued interest upon purchase 
of the Additional Tier 1 Notes. However, if a payment of interest on any Interest Payment Date is cancelled (in 
whole or in part) as described herein and thus is not due and payable, purchasers of such Additional Tier 1 Notes 
will not be entitled to that interest payment (or, if the Issuer elects to make a payment of a portion, but not all, of 
such interest payment, the portion of such interest payment not paid) on the relevant Interest Payment Date. This 
may affect the value of any investment in the Additional Tier 1 Notes. 
For the avoidance of doubt accrued interest will also be cancelled following a Write-Down as described below. 
The Issuer may be required to reduce the principal amount of the Additional Tier 1 Notes to absorb losses 
which would also impact the Interest Amounts payable on any Interest Payment Date while the Notes are 
written down 
The Additional Tier 1 Notes are being issued for capital adequacy regulatory purposes with the intention and 
purpose of being eligible as Additional Tier 1 Capital under the CRD IV both at the level of the Issuer and at the 
level of the Group. Such eligibility depends upon a number of conditions being satisfied. One of these relates to 
the ability of the Additional Tier 1 Notes and the proceeds of their issue to be available to absorb any losses of 
the Issuer. Accordingly, under the Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes in Physical Form, if at any 
time the Issuer's or the Group's Common Equity Tier 1 Capital Ratio falls below 5.125 per cent. ("Contingency 
Event"), the Issuer shall reduce the then Prevailing Principal Amount of the Additional Tier 1 Notes by the Write-
Down Amount, pro rata with the other Additional Tier 1 Notes and taking into account the write-down (or write-
off) or conversion into Ordinary Shares of any other Loss Absorbing Instruments. See Condition 13 (Loss 
Absorption and Reinstatement of Principal Amount) of the Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes in

--- Page 56 ---
10261197493-v5 
- 45 - 
47-41058517 
 
Physical Form and Condition 13 (Loss Absorption and Reinstatement of Principal Amount) of the Terms and 
Conditions for the Dematerialised Notes. 
Although Condition 13.4 (Reinstatement of principal amount) of the Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law 
Notes in Physical Form and Condition 13.4 (Reinstatement of principal amount) of the Terms and Conditions for 
the Dematerialised Notes permit the Issuer in its full discretion to reinstate Written-Down principal amounts up 
to a maximum of the Initial Principal Amount if certain conditions (further described therein) are met, the Issuer 
is under no obligation to do so. Moreover, the Issuer will only have the option to Write-Up the principal amount 
of the Additional Tier 1 Notes if, at a time when the Prevailing Principal Amount of the Additional Tier 1 Notes 
is less than their Initial Principal Amount, both a positive Net Income and a positive Consolidated Net Income are 
recorded, and if the Maximum Distributable Amount (if any) (when the amount of the Write-Up is aggregated 
together with other distributions of the Issuer or the Group, as applicable, of the kind referred to in Article 141(2) 
of the CRD IV Directive and, if relevant, in any other similar payment restriction provision(s) under the Applicable 
Banking Regulations (or, if different, any provision of Italian law transposing or implementing Article 141(2) of 
the CRD IV Directive or, if relevant, such other provision(s), as amended or replaced)) would not be exceeded as 
a result of the Write-Up. 
No assurance can be given that these conditions will ever be met, or that the Issuer will ever Write-Up the principal 
amount of the Additional Tier 1 Notes following a Write-Down. Furthermore, any Write-Up must be undertaken 
on a pro rata basis with the other Additional Tier 1 Notes and any Written-Down Additional Tier 1 Instruments 
of the Issuer that have terms permitting a principal write-up to occur on a basis similar to that set out in Condition 
13.4 (Reinstatement of principal amount) of the Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes in Physical Form 
and Condition 13.4 (Reinstatement of principal amount) of the Terms and Conditions for the Dematerialised Notes 
in the circumstances then existing. 
During the period of any Write-Down pursuant to Condition 13 (Loss Absorption and Reinstatement of Principal 
Amount) of the Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes in Physical Form and Condition 13 (Loss 
Absorption and Reinstatement of Principal Amount) of the Terms and Conditions for the Dematerialised Notes, 
interest will accrue (subject in certain circumstances to the Maximum Distributable Amount, as further set out 
below) on the Prevailing Principal Amount of the Additional Tier 1 Notes, which shall be lower than the Initial 
Principal Amount unless and until the Additional Tier 1 Notes are subsequently Written-Up in full. Furthermore, 
if a Write-Down occurs during an Interest Period, any interest accrued but not yet paid up to the occurrence of 
such Write-Down will be cancelled. See generally Condition 12.3 (Calculation of Interest Amount in case of 
Write-Down) of the Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes in Physical Form and Condition 12.3 
(Calculation of Interest Amount in case of Write-Down) of the Terms and Conditions for the Dematerialised Notes. 
Noteholders may lose all or some of their investment as a result of a Write Down. If any judgment is rendered by 
any competent court declaring the judicial liquidation of the Issuer, or if the Issuer is liquidated for any other 
reason prior to the Additional Tier 1 Notes being written-up in full pursuant to Condition 13 (Loss Absorption and 
Reinstatement of Principal Amount) of the Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes in Physical Form and 
Condition 13 (Loss Absorption and Reinstatement of Principal Amount) of the Terms and Conditions for the 
Dematerialised Notes, Noteholders' claims for principal and interest will be based on the reduced Prevailing 
Principal Amount of the Additional Tier 1 Notes. 
In addition, in certain circumstances the Maximum Distributable Amount will impose a cap on the Issuer's ability 
to pay interest on the Additional Tier 1 Notes, on the Issuer's ability to reinstate the Prevailing Principal Amount 
of the Additional Tier 1 Notes following a Write-Down and on its ability to redeem or repurchase Additional Tier 
1 Notes. See generally "If the Issuer breaches the combined buffer, a Maximum Distributable Amount will apply 
which may restrict the Issuer from making interest payments on the Additional Tier 1 Notes in certain 
circumstances; Noteholders may not be able to anticipate whether or when the Issuer will cancel such interest 
payments". 
The market price of the Additional Tier 1 Notes is expected to be affected by fluctuations in the Issuer's and the 
Group's Common Equity Tier 1 Capital Ratio. Any indication that the Issuer's or the Group's Common Equity 
Tier 1 Capital Ratio is approaching the level that would trigger a Contingency Event may have an adverse effect 
on the market price of the Additional Tier 1 Notes. 
If the relevant resolution authority utilises the general bail-in tool, this could materially adversely affect the rights 
of Noteholders, the price or value of their investment in any Additional Tier 1 Notes and/or the ability of the Issuer 
to satisfy its obligations under the Additional Tier 1 Notes. In addition to the general bail-in tool, the BRRD 
provides for resolution authorities to have the further power to permanently write-down or convert into equity 
capital instruments such as the Additional Tier 1 Notes at the point of non-viability and before any other resolution 
action is taken. Any shares issued to holders of subordinated notes (such as the Additional Tier 1 Notes) upon any 
such conversion into equity may also be subject to any application of the general bail-in tool. See generally "–

--- Page 57 ---
10261197493-v5 
- 46 - 
47-41058517 
 
The Additional Tier 1 Notes may be subject to write-down, cancellation or conversion upon the occurrence of the 
exercise by the relevant resolution authority of the general bail-in tool or capital instruments write-down and 
conversion powers, which powers are in addition to the terms of the Additional Tier 1 Notes which provide for 
Write-Down on the occurrence of a Contingency Event, or may be subject to the burden sharing requirements of 
the EU State aid framework and the BRRD". 
The calculation of the Common Equity Tier 1 Capital Ratios will be affected by a number of factors, many of 
which may be outside the Issuer's control.  
The occurrence of a Contingency Event, which would result in a Write-Down of the Prevailing Principal Amount 
of the Additional Tier 1 Notes (and the cancellation of interest accrued not yet paid up to the occurrence of the 
Write-Down) or the application of a Maximum Distributable Amount, is inherently unpredictable and depends on 
a number of factors, many of which may be outside the Issuer's control. Also, whether a Contingency Event has 
occurred at any time shall be determined by the Issuer and the Relevant Authority. Because the Relevant Authority 
may require Common Equity Tier 1 Capital Ratios to be calculated as of any date (which calculation shall be 
binding on the Noteholders), a Contingency Event could occur at any time. The calculation of the Common Equity 
Tier 1 Capital Ratios of the Issuer or of the Group could be affected by a wide range of factors, including, among 
other things, factors affecting the level of the Issuer's earnings or dividend payments, the mix of its businesses, its 
ability to effectively manage the risk-weighted assets in its ongoing businesses, losses in the context of its banking 
activities or other businesses, changes in the Group's structure or organisation. The calculation of the ratios also 
may be affected by changes in the applicable laws and regulations or applicable accounting rules and the manner 
in which accounting policies are applied, including the manner in which permitted discretion under the applicable 
accounting rules is exercised. 
Accordingly, the trading behaviour of the Additional Tier 1 Notes may not necessarily follow the trading 
behaviour of other types of subordinated securities. Any indication that the Common Equity Tier 1 Capital Ratio 
of the Issuer or of the Group is approaching the level that would trigger a Contingency Event or a breach of the 
combined buffer requirement may have an adverse effect on the market price and liquidity of the Additional Tier 
1 Notes. Under such circumstances, investors may not be able to sell their Additional Tier 1 Notes easily or at 
prices that will provide them with a yield comparable to more conventional investments. 
Changes to the calculation of Common Equity Tier 1 Capital and/or Risk Weighted Assets may negatively 
affect the Issuer or the Group's Common Equity Tier 1 Capital Ratio.  
In addition, regulatory initiatives may impact the calculation of the Issuer or the Group's Risk Weighted Assets, 
being the denominator of the Issuer's and the Group's Common Equity Tier 1 Capital Ratio, respectively. The 
Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (BCBS) concluded the review process of the standardised models (for 
credit risk, counterparty risk, operational risk and market risk) for the calculation of minimum capital requirements. 
The main purpose is to enhance consistency and comparability among banks. The new framework was finalised 
for market risk in 2016 and finally revised in January 2019. The new framework for credit risk and operational 
risk was completed in December 2017. The implementation of this new risk assessment framework, which should 
have originally occurred on 1 January 2022, has been postponed by the Group of Central Bank Governors and 
Heads of Supervision (GHOS) to 1 January 2025. The EU is expected to implement these standards by way of 
new changes to the CRR (CRR III). It will impact the calculation of the Issuer's or the Group's Risk Weighted 
Assets and, consequently, the Issuer or the Group's Common Equity Tier 1 Capital Ratio. 
Any changes that may occur in the application to the Issuer and/or the Group of the CRD IV rules, the loss 
absorbency requirements under the BRRD (including MREL) or the FSB's TLAC proposals subsequent to the 
date of this Base Prospectus and/or any subsequent changes to such rules and other variables may individually 
and/or in the aggregate negatively affect the Issuer or the Group's Common Equity Tier 1 Capital Ratio and thus 
increase the risk of a Contingency Event, which will lead to Write-Down, and a breach of the combined buffer 
requirement, as a result of which Noteholders could lose all or part of the value of their investment in the 
Additional Tier 1 Notes. 
The Issuer is not prohibited from issuing further debt which may rank pari passu with or senior to the 
Additional Tier 1 Notes  
The Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes in Physical Form and the Terms and Conditions for the 
Dematerialised Notes place no restriction on the amount of debt that the Issuer may issue that ranks senior to the 
Additional Tier 1 Notes or on the amount of securities that it may issue that rank pari passu with the Additional 
Tier 1 Notes. The issue of any such debt or securities may reduce the amount recoverable by investors upon the 
Issuer's bankruptcy. If the Issuer's financial condition were to deteriorate, the Noteholders could suffer direct and 
materially adverse consequences, including cancellation of interest and reduction of principal and, if the Issuer 
were liquidated (whether voluntarily or involuntarily), the Noteholders could suffer loss of their entire investment.

--- Page 58 ---
10261197493-v5 
- 47 - 
47-41058517 
 
No scheduled redemption – early redemption and purchase of the Additional Tier 1 Notes may be restricted 
The Issuer is under no obligation to redeem the Additional Tier Notes at any time before the date on which 
voluntary or involuntary winding up proceedings are instituted in respect of the Issuer, and the Noteholders have 
no right to call for their redemption. 
The Issuer may, at its sole discretion (but subject to the provisions of Condition 15.8 (Redemption of Subordinated 
Notes and Additional Tier 1 Notes) and Condition 15.15 (Purchases) of the Terms and Conditions for the Italian 
Law Notes in Physical Form and Condition 15.8 (Redemption of Subordinated Notes and Additional Tier 1 Notes) 
and 15.15 (Purchases) of the Terms and Conditions for the Dematerialised Notes) redeem the Additional Tier 1 
Notes in whole, but not in part, on any Optional Redemption Date (Call) at their Prevailing Principal Amount, 
plus any accrued interest and any additional amounts due pursuant to Condition 16 (Taxation) and Condition 16 
(Taxation), as described in Condition 15.2 (No fixed redemption for the Additional Tier 1 Notes) of the Terms and 
Conditions for the Italian Law Notes in Physical Form and Condition 15.2 (No fixed redemption for the Additional 
Tier 1 Notes) of the Terms and Conditions for the Dematerialised Notes, respectively. 
In addition, the Issuer may also, at its sole discretion (but subject to the provisions of Condition 15 (Redemption 
and Purchase) of the Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes in Physical Form and Condition 15 
(Redemption and Purchase) of the Terms and Conditions for the Dematerialised Notes), redeem the Additional 
Tier 1 Notes in whole, but not in part, following the occurrence of a Capital Event and in whole, or in part, 
following the occurrence of a Tax Event (each as defined herein) at their Prevailing Principal Amount, plus, in 
each case, if relevant, any accrued interest and any additional amounts due pursuant to Condition 16 (Taxation) 
and Condition 16 (Taxation) as described in Condition 15.4 (Redemption for Regulatory Reasons) and Condition 
15.3 (Redemption for Taxation Reasons) of the Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes in Physical Form 
and Condition 15.4 (Redemption for Regulatory Reasons) and 15.3 (Redemption for Taxation Reasons) of the 
Terms and Conditions for the Dematerialised Notes, respectively. 
In addition, on 22 December 2022 the Council Directive 2022/2523 "on ensuring a global minimum level of 
taxation for multinational groups in the Union" aimed at implementing the OECD Pillar Two Model Rules (the 
"Pillar 2 Directive") has been published in the EU Official Journal. The Directive has been unanimously approved 
by all 27 Member States, which are required to implement these rules into their national systems before 31 
December 2023 (first fiscal year applicable 2024). The extent of the implementation of Pillar 2 Directive in the 
jurisdictions in which the Group operates is still uncertain. In particular, it is unclear whether and to what extent 
interest payments accrued in respect of certain equity accounted instruments such as the Additional Tier 1 Notes 
would be considered as being deductible for tax purposes. If, following the implementation of the Pillar 2 Directive 
in Italy, interest payments under the Notes become not tax deductible by the Issuer, this may result in the 
occurrence of a Tax Event (please see Condition 15.3 (Redemption for Taxation reasons) of the Terms and 
Conditions for the Italian Law Notes in Physical Form and Condition 15.3 (Redemption for Taxation reasons) of 
the Terms and Conditions for the Dematerialised Notes). 
Regulatory classification of the Additional Tier 1 Notes 
The intention of is for Additional Tier 1 Notes to qualify on issue as "Additional Tier 1 Capital" for regulatory 
capital purposes. 
Although it is the Issuer's expectation that the Additional Tier 1 Notes qualify on issue as "Additional Tier 1 
Capital", there can be no representation that this is or will remain the case during the life of the Additional Tier 1 
Notes. If there is a change in the regulatory classification of the Additional Tier 1 Notes that would be likely to 
result in their exclusion from "Additional Tier 1 Capital" and, in respect of any redemption of the relevant 
Additional Tier 1 Notes proposed to be made prior to the fifth anniversary of the Issue Date, both of the following 
conditions are met: (i) the Relevant Authority considers such a change to be reasonably certain and (ii) the Issuer 
demonstrates to the satisfaction of the Relevant Authority that the change in the regulatory classification of the 
Additional Tier 1 Notes was not reasonably foreseeable by the Issuer as at the date of the issue of the relevant 
Additional Tier 1 Notes, the Issuer will (if so specified in the applicable Final Terms) have the right to redeem the 
Additional Tier 1 Notes in accordance with Condition 15.4 (Redemption for Regulatory Reasons) of the Terms 
and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes in Physical Form and Condition 15.4 (Redemption for Regulatory 
Reasons) of the Terms and Conditions for the Dematerialised Notes, subject to, inter alia, the prior approval of 
the applicable Relevant Authority and in accordance with applicable laws and regulations, including Articles 77(b) 
and 78 of the CRR or, if different, the then Applicable Banking Regulations. There can be no assurance that 
holders of such Additional Tier 1 Notes will be able to reinvest the amounts received upon redemption at a rate 
that will provide the same rate of return as their investments in the relevant Notes, as the case may be. 
Any early redemption or purchase of Additional Tier 1 Notes is subject to compliance with the then Applicable 
Banking Regulations, including for the avoidance of doubt:

--- Page 59 ---
10261197493-v5 
- 48 - 
47-41058517 
 
(a) 
the Issuer giving notice to the Relevant Authority and the Relevant Authority granting prior permission 
to redeem or purchase the relevant Additional Tier 1 Notes (in each case to the extent, and in the manner, 
required by the then Applicable Banking Regulations, including Articles 77 and 78 of the CRR, as 
amended or replaced from time to time), where either: 
(i) 
on or before such redemption or purchase (as applicable), the Issuer having replaced the Notes 
with Own Funds instruments of equal or higher quality at terms that are sustainable for the 
income capacity of the Issuer; or 
(ii) 
the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Relevant Authority that its Own Funds and 
eligible liabilities would, following such repayment or purchase, exceed the minimum 
requirements (including any capital buffer requirements) required under the Applicable Banking 
Regulations by a margin that the Relevant Authority considers necessary at such time; and 
(b) 
in respect of a call, redemption repayment or repurchase prior to the fifth anniversary of the Issue Date 
of the relevant Additional Tier 1 Notes, if and to the extent required under Article 78(4) of the CRR or 
the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No. 241/2014 of 7 January 2014: 
(i) 
in the case of redemption pursuant to Condition 15.3 (Redemption for Taxation Reasons) of the 
Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes in Physical Form and Condition 15.3 
(Redemption for Taxation Reasons) of the Terms and Conditions for the Dematerialised Notes, 
the Issuer having demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Relevant Authority that the change in 
the applicable tax treatment of the Additional Tier 1 Notes is material and was not reasonably 
foreseeable as at the Issue Date; or 
(ii) 
in case of redemption pursuant to Condition 15.4 (Redemption for Regulatory Reasons) of the 
Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes in Physical Form and Condition 15.4 
(Redemption for Regulatory Reasons) of the Terms and Conditions for the Dematerialised Notes, 
a Capital Event having occurred in respect of Additional Tier 1 Notes; or 
(iii) 
on or before such redemption or repurchase (as applicable), the Issuer having replaced the Notes 
with Own Funds instruments of equal or higher quality at terms that are sustainable for the 
income capacity of the Issuer and the Relevant Authority has permitted that action on the basis 
of the determination that it would be classified from a prudential point of view and justified by 
exceptional circumstances; or 
(iv) 
the Notes being repurchased for market marketing purposes. 
subject in any event to any alternative or additional conditions or requirements as may be applicable from 
time to time under the Applicable Banking Regulations. 
In addition, any proposed redemption of Additional Tier 1 Notes prior to the fifth anniversary of their Issue Date 
shall (i) in the case of a Capital Event, be restricted as set out above and (ii) in the case of a Tax Event, be limited 
to circumstances in which the change or amendment giving rise to the Tax Event is, to the satisfaction of the 
Relevant Authority, material and was not reasonably foreseeable by the Issuer as at the Issue Date of the relevant 
Additional Tier 1 Notes. 
There can be no assurance that the Relevant Authority will permit any redemption or purchase of Additional Tier 
1 Notes. In addition, the Issuer may elect not to exercise any option to redeem any Additional Tier 1 Notes early 
or at any time. Holders of Additional Tier 1 Notes should be aware that they may be required to bear the financial 
risks of an investment in such Notes for an indefinite period. 
Waiver of set-off 
As specified in Condition 2 (Status of Senior Notes) of the Terms and Conditions for the English Law Notes in 
Physical Form, Condition 2 (Status of Senior Notes) of the Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes in 
Physical Form and Condition 2 (Status of Senior Notes) of the Terms and Conditions for the Dematerialised Notes 
in respect of Senior Notes, Condition 2.A (Status of Senior Non-Preferred Notes) of the Terms and Conditions 
for the English Law Notes in Physical Form, Condition 2.A (Status of Senior Non-Preferred Notes) of the Terms 
and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes in Physical Form and Condition 2.A (Status of Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes) of the Terms and Conditions for the Dematerialised Notes in respect of Senior Non-Preferred Notes, 
Condition 3 (Status of Subordinated Notes) of the Terms and Conditions for the English Law Notes in Physical 
Form, Condition 3 (Status of Subordinated Notes) of the Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes in 
Physical Form and Condition 3 (Status of Subordinated Notes) of the Terms and Conditions for the Dematerialised

--- Page 60 ---
10261197493-v5 
- 49 - 
47-41058517 
 
Notes in respect of Subordinated Notes, Condition 4 (Status of Additional Tier 1 Notes) of the Terms and 
Conditions for the Italian Law Notes in Physical Form and Condition 4 (Status of Additional Tier 1 Notes) of the 
Terms and Conditions for the Dematerialised Notes in respect of Additional Tier 1 Notes, the holder of a Note 
will unconditionally and irrevocably waive any right of set-off, counterclaim, abatement or other similar remedy 
which it might otherwise have under the laws of any jurisdiction in respect of such Note. 
Conflict of interest – Calculation Agent 
Potential conflicts of interest may exist between the Calculation Agent (if any) and Noteholders (including where 
a Dealer acts as a calculation agent), including with respect to certain determinations and judgements that such 
Calculation Agent may make pursuant to the Terms and Conditions for the Notes that may influence amounts 
receivable by the Noteholders during the term of the Notes and upon their redemption. 
No physical document of title issued in respect of the Notes issued in dematerialised form 
Notes issued under the Programme may be issued in dematerialised form and evidenced at any time through book 
entries pursuant to the relevant provisions of the Financial Services Act and in accordance with the CONSOB and 
Bank of Italy Jointed Regulation (as defined in the Terms and Conditions for the Dematerialised Notes). In no 
circumstance would physical documents of title be issued in respect of the Notes issued in dematerialised form. 
While the Notes are represented by book entries, investors will be able to trade their beneficial interests only 
through Monte Titoli and the authorised financial intermediaries holding accounts on behalf of their customers 
with Monte Titoli. As the Notes are held in dematerialised form with Monte Titoli, investors will have to rely on 
the procedures of Monte Titoli and the financial intermediaries authorised to hold accounts therewith, for transfer, 
payment and communication with the Issuer. 
Risks related to Notes generally  
Risks related to the forthcoming tax reform of financial incomes 
The Italian legislative proposal AC.1038 of 23 March 2023, which is subject to approval by the Italian Parliament, 
would delegate power to the Italian Government to enact, within twenty-four months from approval, one or more 
legislative decrees envisaging the reform of the Italian tax system. According to the current version of this 
legislative proposal, the tax reform should significantly change the taxation of financial incomes and capital gains 
and introduce various amendments in the Italian tax system at different levels. The precise nature, extent, and 
impact of these amendments cannot be quantified or foreseen with certainty at this stage. The information provided 
in this Base Prospectus may not reflect the future tax landscape accurately. 
Investors should be aware that the amendments introduced to the tax regime of financial incomes and capital gains 
may increase the taxation on the interest, similar income and/or capital gains accrued or realised under the Notes 
and could result in a lower return of their investment. 
Prospective purchasers of Notes should consult their own tax advisors regarding the tax consequences described 
above. 
Payments in respect of the Notes may in certain circumstances be made subject to withholding or deduction of 
tax 
All payments in respect of the Notes will be made free and clear of withholding or deduction of Italian taxation, 
unless the withholding or deduction is required by law. In that event, the Issuer will pay such additional amounts 
as will result in the Noteholders receiving such amounts as they would have received in respect of such Notes had 
no such withholding or deduction been required. The Issuer's obligation to gross up is, however, subject to a 
number of exceptions, including withholding or deduction of Italian substitute tax (imposta sostitutiva), pursuant 
to Italian Legislative Decree No. 239 of 1 April 1996. See "Terms and Conditions for the English Law Notes in 
Physical Form—Taxation", "Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes in Physical Form—Taxation" and 
"Terms and Conditions for the Dematerialised Notes—Taxation". 
Prospective purchasers of Notes should consult their tax advisers as to the overall tax consequences of acquiring, 
holding and disposing of Notes and receiving payments of interest, principal and/or other amounts under the Notes, 
including, in particular, the effect of any state, regional or local tax laws of any country or territory. See also 
"Taxation". 
U.S. Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act (FATCA) Withholding  
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, commonly known as FATCA, a "foreign 
financial institution" may be required to withhold on certain payments it makes ("foreign passthru payments") to

--- Page 61 ---
10261197493-v5 
- 50 - 
47-41058517 
 
persons that fail to meet certain certification, reporting, or related requirements. The Issuer is a foreign financial 
institution for these purposes. 
A number of jurisdictions, including the Republic of Italy, have entered into, or have agreed in substance to, 
intergovernmental agreements with the United States to implement FATCA ("IGAs"), which modify the way in 
which FATCA applies in their jurisdictions. Under the provisions of IGAs as currently in effect, a foreign financial 
institution in an IGA jurisdiction would generally not be required to withhold under FATCA or an IGA from 
payments that it makes. Certain aspects of the application of the FATCA provisions and IGAs to instruments such 
as the Notes, including whether withholding would ever be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect 
to payments on instruments such as the Notes, are uncertain and may be subject to change. Even if withholding 
would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as the Notes, such 
withholding would not apply prior to the date that is two years after the date on which final regulations defining 
foreign passthru payments are published in the U.S. Federal Register, and Notes characterised as debt (or which 
are not otherwise characterised as equity and have a fixed term) for U.S. federal tax purposes that are issued on 
or prior to the date that is six months after the date on which final regulations defining "foreign passthru payments" 
are filed with the U.S. Federal Register generally would be "grandfathered" for purposes of FATCA withholding 
unless materially modified after such date (including by reason of a substitution of the issuer). However, if 
additional notes (as described under "Terms and Conditions for the English Law Notes in Physical Form —Further 
Issues", "Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes in Physical Form—Further Issues" and "Terms and 
Conditions for the Dematerialised Notes—Further Issues") that are not distinguishable from previously issued 
Notes are issued after the expiration of the grandfathering period and are subject to withholding under FATCA, 
then withholding agents may treat all Notes, including the Notes offered prior to the expiration of the 
grandfathering period, as subject to withholding under FATCA. Holders should consult their own tax advisors 
regarding how these rules may apply to their investment in the Notes. 
Risks relating to change of law or administrative practices 
The Terms and Conditions for the English Law Notes in Physical Form are based on English law in effect as at 
the date of this Base Prospectus, other than subordination and certain other provisions relating to the Notes, which 
are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, Italian law in effect as at the date of this Base 
Prospectus. The Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes in Physical Form and the Terms and Conditions 
for the Dematerialised Notes are based on Italian law in effect as at the date of this Base Prospectus. No assurance 
can be given as to the impact of any possible judicial decision or change to English law or Italian law or 
administrative practice after the date of this Base Prospectus and any such change could materially adversely 
impact the value of any Notes affected by it.  
Decisions at Noteholders' meetings bind all Noteholders 
Provisions for calling meetings of Noteholders are contained in the Agency Agreement for the English Law Notes 
in Physical Form, the Agency Agreement for the Italian Law Notes in Physical Form and Annex 1 to the Terms 
and Conditions for the Dematerialised Notes, as applicable, and summarised in Condition 17.1 (Meetings of 
Noteholders) of the Terms and Conditions for the English Law Notes in Physical Form or Condition 21.1 
(Meetings of Noteholders) of the Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes in Physical Form, as applicable. 
Noteholders' meetings may be called to consider matters affecting Noteholders' interests generally, including 
modifications to the terms and conditions relating to the Notes. These provisions permit defined majorities to bind 
all Noteholders, including those who did not attend and vote at the relevant meeting or who voted against the 
majority. Possible modifications to the Notes include, without limitation, lowering the ranking of the Notes, 
reducing the amount of principal and interest payable on the Notes, changing the time and manner of payment, 
changing provisions relating to redemption, limiting remedies on the Notes and changing the amendment 
provisions. Any such modification may have an adverse impact on Noteholders' rights and on the market value of 
the Notes. 
The Conditions also provide that the Notes, the Coupons of the Notes in Physical Form and the Conditions may 
be amended without the consent of the Noteholders or the Couponholders of the Notes in Physical Form to correct 
a manifest error. In addition, pursuant to Condition 7.10 (Benchmark Replacement) of the Terms and Conditions 
for the English Law Notes in Physical Form, Condition 9.10 (Benchmark Replacement) of the Terms and 
Conditions for the Italian Law Notes in Physical Form or Condition 9.10 Benchmark Replacement) of the Terms 
and Conditions for the Dematerialised Notes, as applicable, certain changes may be made to the interest 
calculation provisions of the Floating Rate Notes or Reset Rate Notes in the circumstances and as otherwise set 
out in such Condition, without the requirement for consent of the Noteholders. 
Because the Global Notes in respect of Notes in Physical Form are held by or on behalf of Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, investors will have to rely on the procedures of the clearing systems

--- Page 62 ---
10261197493-v5 
- 51 - 
47-41058517 
 
Notes in Physical Form issued under the Programme may be represented by one or more Global Notes. Such 
Global Notes will be deposited with a common depositary or common safekeeper for Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg. Except in the circumstances described in the relevant Global Note, investors will not be entitled to 
receive definitive Notes. Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg will maintain records of the beneficial interests 
in the Global Notes. While the Notes in Physical Form are represented by one or more Global Notes, investors 
will be able to trade their beneficial interests only through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
While the Notes in Physical Form are represented by one or more Global Notes the Issuer will discharge its 
payment obligations under the Notes once the paying agent has paid Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg for 
distribution to their account holders. A holder of a beneficial interest in a Global Note must rely on the procedures 
of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg to receive payments under the relevant Notes. The Issuer has no 
responsibility or liability for the records relating to, or payments made in respect of, beneficial interests in the 
Global Notes. 
Holders of beneficial interests in the Global Notes will not have a direct right to vote in respect of the relevant 
Notes in Physical Form. Instead, such holders will be permitted to act only to the extent that they are enabled by 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg to appoint appropriate proxies. Similarly, holders of beneficial interests 
in the Global Notes will not have a direct right under the Global Notes to take enforcement action against the 
Issuer unless the Notes have become due and repayable and definitive notes are not being issued in exchange for 
Global Notes. 
Minimum Denomination 
Notes may in certain circumstances be issued in denominations including (i) a minimum denomination (the 
"Minimum Denomination") of €100,000 (or its equivalent in another currency) or, in the case of Senior Non-
Preferred Notes, €150,000 (or, in each case, if the Notes are denominated in a currency other than euro, the 
equivalent amount in such currency) or, in the case of Subordinated Notes or Additional Tier 1 Notes, €200,000 
(or, if the Notes are denominated in a currency other than euro, the equivalent amount in such currency) or such 
other higher amount as may be allowed or required from time to time by the relevant central bank (or equivalent 
body) and (ii) an amount which is greater than the Minimum Denomination (or its equivalent) but which is an 
integral multiple of a smaller amount (such as €1,000). Where this occurs, Notes may be traded in amounts in 
excess of the Minimum Denomination (or its equivalent) that are not integral multiples of the Minimum 
Denomination (or its equivalent). In such a case, a holder who as a result of trading such amounts, holds a principal 
amount of less than the Minimum Denomination will not receive a Definitive Note in respect of such holding 
(should Definitive Notes be printed) and would need to purchase a principal amount of Notes such that it holds 
an amount equal to an integral multiple of the Minimum Denomination. 
The Notes do not restrict the amount of debt which the Issuer may incur 
The Terms and Conditions for the Notes do not contain any restriction on the amount of indebtedness which the 
Issuer may from time to time incur. In the event of any insolvency or winding-up of the Issuer, the Notes will rank 
equally with other indebtedness of the Issuer having the same ranking and, accordingly, any increase in the amount 
of such indebtedness or higher ranking indebtedness of the Issuer in the future may reduce the amount recoverable 
by Noteholders. In addition, the Notes are unsecured and do not contain any restriction on the giving of security 
by the Issuer to secure present and future indebtedness. Where security has been granted over assets of the Issuer 
to secure indebtedness, in the event of any insolvency or winding-up of the Issuer, such indebtedness will rank in 
priority over the Notes and other unsecured indebtedness of the Issuer in respect of such assets. 
Potential Conflicts of Interest for Dematerialised Notes 
The Issuer may act as Paying Agent and Calculation Agent for the Dematerialised Notes and a conflict of interest 
may arise being the Issuer engaged in its other banking activities from time to time and in transactions involving 
an index or related derivatives which may affect amounts receivable by Noteholders during the term and on the 
maturity of the Dematerialised Notes or the market price, liquidity or value of the Notes and which could be 
deemed to be adverse to the interests of the Noteholders. 
Risk related to markets generally 
The secondary market generally 
Notes may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop. If a market does develop, 
it may not be very liquid. Therefore, investors may not be able to sell their Notes easily or at prices that will 
provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed secondary market. This is 
particularly the case for Notes that are especially sensitive to interest rate, currency or market risks, are designed

--- Page 63 ---
10261197493-v5 
- 52 - 
47-41058517 
 
for specific investment objectives or strategies or have been structured to meet the investment requirements of 
limited categories of investors. These types of Notes generally would have a more limited secondary market and 
more price volatility than conventional debt securities. Illiquidity may have a severely adverse effect on the market 
value of Notes. In addition, Notes issued under the Programme might not be listed on a stock exchange or regulated 
market and, in these circumstances, pricing information may be more difficult to obtain and the liquidity and 
market prices of such Notes may be adversely affected. In an illiquid market, an investor might not be able to sell 
his Notes at any time at fair market prices. The possibility to sell the Notes might additionally be restricted by 
country specific reasons. In addition, liquidity may be limited if the Issuer makes large allocations to a limited 
number of investors. 
Transfers of the Notes may be restricted, which may adversely affect the secondary market liquidity and/or 
trading prices of the Notes 
Subject to applicable Italian laws and regulations, the ability to transfer the Notes may also be restricted by 
securities laws or regulations of certain countries or regulatory bodies. See "Subscription and Sale". 
The Notes have not been, and will not be, registered under the Securities Act or any state securities laws or the 
securities laws of any other jurisdiction. Noteholders may not offer the Notes in the United States or for the 
account or benefit of a U.S. person, except pursuant to an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the 
registration requirements of the Securities Act and applicable state securities laws. It is the obligation of each 
Noteholder to ensure that offers and sales of Notes comply with all applicable securities laws and regulations. In 
addition, transfers to certain persons in certain other jurisdictions may be limited by law and regulations, or may 
result in the imposition of penalties or liability. For a description of restrictions which may be applicable to 
transfers of the Notes, see "Subscription and Sale". 
Credit ratings may not reflect all risks 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit rating to the issue of Notes. The rating may not 
reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market, additional factors discussed in this section, and 
other factors that may affect the value of the Notes. A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold 
securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. 
In general, European regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes if such rating 
is not (1) issued by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA Regulation or 
(2) provided by a credit rating agency not established in the EEA but is endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA Regulation or (3) provided by a credit rating agency not 
established in the EEA which is certified under the EU CRA Regulation. Similarly, in general, UK regulated 
investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes if such rating is not (1) issued by a credit rating 
agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation or (2) provided by a credit rating 
agency not established in the UK but is endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered 
under the UK CRA Regulation or (3) provided by a credit rating agency not established in the UK which is 
certified under the UK CRA Regulation. 
The Notes may be delisted 
Application has also been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Notes issued under the Programme to be 
admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated market and to be listed on the Official List of 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and Notes issued under the Programme may also be admitted to trading, listing 
and/or quotation by any other listing authority, stock exchange or quotation system (each, a "listing"), as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms. Such Notes may subsequently be delisted despite the best efforts of the Issuer to 
maintain such listing and, although no assurance is made as to the liquidity of the Notes as a result of listing, any 
delisting of the Notes may have a material effect on a Noteholder's ability to resell the Notes on the secondary 
market. 
Legal investment considerations may restrict certain investments 
The investment activities of certain investors are subject to legal investment laws and regulations, or review or 
regulation by certain authorities. Each potential investor should consult its legal advisers to determine whether 
and to what extent (i) Notes are legal investments for it, (ii) Notes can be used as collateral for various types of 
borrowing, and (iii) other restrictions apply to the purchase or pledge of any Notes. Financial institutions should 
consult their legal advisers or the appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate treatment of Notes under 
any applicable risk-based capital or similar rules. 
Exchange rate and exchange controls risks

--- Page 64 ---
10261197493-v5 
- 53 - 
47-41058517 
 
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes in the Specified Currency. This presents certain risks 
relating to currency conversions if an investor's financial activities are denominated principally in a currency or 
currency unit ("Investor's Currency") other than the Specified Currency. These include the risk that exchange 
rates may change significantly (including changes due to devaluation of the euro or revaluation of the Investor's 
Currency) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the Investor's Currency may impose or modify 
exchange controls. An appreciation in the value of the Investor's Currency relative to the Specified Currency 
would decrease (i) the Investor's Currency equivalent yield on the Notes, (ii) the Investor's Currency-equivalent 
value of the principal payable on the Notes, and (iii) the Investor's Currency-equivalent market value of the Notes. 
In addition, government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls 
that could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate. As a result, investors may receive less interest or principal 
than expected, or no interest or principal.

--- Page 65 ---
10261197493-v5 
- 54 - 
47-41058517 
 
INFORMATION INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The following documents which have previously been published or are published simultaneously with this Base 
Prospectus and have been filed with the CSSF shall be incorporated by reference in, and form part of, this Base 
Prospectus: 
(i) 
the translation into English of certain sections of the Directors' Report 2022 and the translation into 
English of the audited consolidated annual financial statements of the Issuer as of and for the year ended 
31 December 2022, prepared in accordance with IFRS and together with the accompanying notes and 
the English translation of the independent auditors' report, included in the 2022 annual report, which can 
be found at https://www.bancaifis.it/app/uploads/2023/04/Annual-report-2022_.pdf; 
(ii) 
the translation into English of certain sections of the Directors' Report 2021 and the translation into 
English of the audited consolidated annual financial statements of the Issuer as of and for the year ended 
31 December 2021, prepared in accordance with IFRS and together with the accompanying notes and 
the English translation of the independent auditors' report, included in the 2021 annual report, which can 
be found at https://www.bancaifis.it/app/uploads/2022/04/Consolidated_reports_2021_ENG.pdf;  
(iii) 
press release dated 11 May 2023 (relating to the approval by the Board of Directors of the Issuer of 
results 
for 
the 
first 
three 
months 
of 
2023), 
which 
can 
be 
found 
at 
https://www.bancaifis.it/app/uploads/2023/05/PR_1Q2023-Financial-Results_ENG.pdf (the "11 May 
2023 Press Release");  
(iv) 
the translation into English of the unaudited condensed consolidated interim report of the Issuer at 31 
March 2023 which can be found at https://www.bancaifis.it/app/uploads/2023/05/Consolidated-Interim-
Report-at-31-March-2023.pdf (the "3M Consolidated Interim Report"); and 
(v) 
the sections entitled "Terms and Conditions for the English Law Notes" on pages 71 to 107 and "Terms 
and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes" on pages 108 to 152 of the base prospectus relating to the 
programme dated 3 August 2022 (the "2022 Base Prospectus") which is available at 
https://www.bancaifis.it/app/uploads/2022/08/Banca-IFIS-2022-EMTN-Programme-Base-
Prospectus.pdf.  
Cross-reference list 
The following table shows where the information incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus can be found 
in the above-mentioned documents. Information contained in those documents other than the information listed 
below does not form part of this Base Prospectus and is either not relevant or covered elsewhere in this Base 
Prospectus. 
Annual Report at 31 December 
2022 
2021 
Directors' Report 
 
 
Section entitled Group KPIs ............................................................................  
p. 15 
p. 12 
Section entitled APM – Alternative Performance Measures ...........................  
p. 25 
p. 22 
Section entitled Contribution of business segments to Group results 
p. 28 
p. 27 
Section entitled Receivables due from customers measured at amortised cost 
p. 48 
p. 48 
Section entitled Funding 
p. 52 
pp. 51-52 
Section entitled Legal and tax disputes 
p. 53 
pp. 52-53 
Section entitled Own Funds and capital adequacy ratios  
pp. 55-59 
pp. 54-58 
Consolidated Annual Financial Statements 
 
 
Consolidated Statement of Financial Position .................................................  
pp. 78-79 
p. 78 
Consolidated Income Statement ......................................................................  
p. 80 
p. 80 
Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income ........................................  
p. 81 
p. 81

--- Page 66 ---
10261197493-v5 
- 55 - 
47-41058517 
 
Annual Report at 31 December 
2022 
2021 
Directors' Report 
 
 
Statement of Changes in Consolidated Equity ................................................  
pp. 82-83 
p. 82 
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flow ............................................................  
p. 84 
p. 84 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements ................................................  
pp. 85-260 
pp. 85-269 
Independent Auditors' report on the consolidated financial statements...........  
pp. 280-288 
pp. 283-292 
 
3M Consolidated Interim Report - Consolidated Interim Report at 31 March 2023 
 
Interim Directors' report on the Group 
 
Section entitled General aspects ............................................................................................... 
p. 6 
Section entitled Results and Strategy ........................................................................................ 
pp. 7-10 
Section entitled Highlights ........................................................................................................ 
pp. 11-12 
Section entitled Results by business segments 
pp. 13-14 
Section entitled quarterly evolution 
p.15 
Contribution of operating segments to Group results 
 
Section entitled The organisational structure 
p. 17 
Section entitled Commercial & Corporate Banking Segment  
pp. 18-24 
Section entitled Npl Segment  
pp. 25-28 
Section entitled Governance & Services and Non – Core Segment 
pp. 29-31 
Reclassified Financial Statements 
 
Section entitled Consolidated Statement of Financial Position ................................................ 
p. 33 
Section entitled Consolidated Income Statement ...................................................................... 
p. 34 
Section entitled Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income ......................................... 
p. 35 
Notes ......................................................................................................................................... 
pp. 36-68 
 
11 May 2023 Press Release 
 
Section entitled Highlights – Reclassified data ....................................................................... 
p. 3-7 
Reclassified Financial Statements 
 
Reclassified Consolidated Statement of Financial Position ...................................................... 
pp. 8-9 
Reclassified Consolidated Income Statement ............................................................................ 
p. 9 
Own funds and capital adequacy ratios ..................................................................................... 
p. 10 
 
2022 Base Prospectus 
 
Terms and Conditions for the English Law Notes..................................................................... 
pp. 71-107 
Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes ...................................................................... 
pp. 108-152

--- Page 67 ---
10261197493-v5 
- 56 - 
47-41058517 
 
The documents set out above are translated into English from the original Italian. The Issuer has accepted 
responsibility for the accuracy of such translations. 
This Base Prospectus should be read and construed together with the information incorporated by reference herein. 
Copies of any document incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus are available free of charge at the 
specified office of the Paying Agent, unless such documents have been modified or superseded. Such documents 
will also be available for viewing on the website of the Issuer. 
Following the publication of this Base Prospectus a supplement may be prepared by the Issuer and approved by 
the CSSF in accordance with Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. Statements contained in any such 
supplement (or contained in any document incorporated by reference therein) shall, to the extent applicable, be 
deemed to modify or supersede statements contained in this Base Prospectus or in a document which is 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. Any statement so modified or superseded shall not, except as 
so modified or superseded, constitute a part of this Base Prospectus. 
Any documents themselves incorporated by reference in the documents incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus shall not form part of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 68 ---
10261197493-v5 
- 57 - 
47-41058517 
 
FURTHER PROSPECTUSES AND SUPPLEMENTS 
The Issuer will, in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy relating to 
information included in this Base Prospectus which is capable of affecting the assessment of any Notes, prepare 
a supplement to this Base Prospectus or publish a new Base Prospectus for use in connection with any subsequent 
issue of Notes. 
In addition, the Issuer may agree with any Dealer to issue Notes in a form not contemplated in the section of this 
Base Prospectus entitled "Form of Final Terms". To the extent that the information relating to that Tranche of 
Notes constitutes a significant new factor in relation to the information contained in this Base Prospectus, a 
separate prospectus specific to such Tranche (a "Drawdown Prospectus") will be made available and will contain 
such information. Each Drawdown Prospectus will be constituted either (1) by a single document containing the 
necessary information relating to the Issuer and the relevant Notes or (2) pursuant to Article 6.3 of the Prospectus 
Regulation, by a registration document containing the necessary information relating to the Issuer, a securities 
note containing the necessary information relating to the relevant Notes and, if necessary, a summary note. In the 
case of a Tranche of Notes which is the subject of a Drawdown Prospectus, references in this Base Prospectus to 
information specified or identified in the Final Terms shall (unless the context requires otherwise) be read and 
construed as information specified or identified in the relevant Drawdown Prospectus.

--- Page 69 ---
10261197493-v5 
- 58 - 
47-41058517 
 
FORM OF THE NOTES 
Notes in Physical Form 
Each Tranche of Notes will initially be in the form of either a temporary global note (a "Temporary Global 
Note"), without Coupons, or a permanent global note (a "Permanent Global Note"), without Coupons and Talons, 
in each case as specified in the applicable Final Terms. Each Temporary Global Note or, as the case may be, 
Permanent Global Note (each a "Global Note") which is not intended to be issued in a new global note form (a 
"Classic Global Note" or "CGN"), as specified in the applicable Final Terms, will be deposited on or around the 
issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes with a depositary or a common depositary for Euroclear Bank 
SA/NV ("Euroclear") and/or Clearstream Banking S.A. ("Clearstream, Luxembourg") and/or any other 
relevant clearing system and each Global Note which is intended to be issued in new global note form (a "New 
Global Note" or "NGN"), as specified in the applicable Final Terms, will be deposited on or around the issue date 
of the relevant Tranche of the Notes with a common safekeeper for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
On 13 June 2006 the European Central Bank (the "ECB") announced that Notes in NGN form are in compliance 
with the "Standards for the use of EU securities settlement systems in ESCB credit operations" of the central 
banking system for the euro (the "Eurosystem"), provided that certain other criteria are fulfilled. At the same 
time the ECB also announced that arrangements for Notes in NGN form will be offered by Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg as of 30 June 2006 and the debt securities in global bearer form issued through 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg after 31 December 2006 will only be eligible as collateral for Eurosystem 
operations if the NGN form is used. 
The applicable Final Terms will also specify whether United States Treasury Regulation §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(C) (the 
"TEFRA C Rules") or United States Treasury Regulation §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) (the "TEFRA D Rules") are 
applicable in relation to the Notes or, if the Notes do not have a maturity of more than 365 days, that neither the 
TEFRA C Rules nor the TEFRA D Rules are applicable. 
Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Permanent Global Note 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being "Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a 
Permanent Global Note", then the Notes will initially be in the form of a Temporary Global Note without Coupons 
(as defined herein), interests in which will be exchangeable, in whole or in part, for interests in a Permanent Global 
Note, without Coupons, not earlier than 40 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes upon 
certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership.  
No payments will be made under the Temporary Global Note unless exchange for interests in the Permanent 
Global Note is improperly withheld or refused, provided that, in the case of an improper withholding of, or refusal 
to exchange, an interest in the Permanent Global Note, a certificate of non-U.S. beneficial ownership has been 
properly provided. In addition, interest payments in respect of the Notes cannot be collected without such 
certification of non-U.S. beneficial ownership. 
Whenever any interest in the Temporary Global Note is to be exchanged for an interest in a Permanent Global 
Note, the Issuer shall procure (in the case of first exchange) the prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of 
such Permanent Global Note to the bearer of the Temporary Global Note or (in the case of any subsequent 
exchange) an increase in the principal amount of the Permanent Global Note in accordance with its terms against: 
(i) 
presentation and (in the case of final exchange) surrender of the Temporary Global Note to or to the order 
of the Agent; and 
(ii) 
receipt by the Agent of a certificate or certificates of non-U.S. beneficial ownership, 
within seven days of the bearer requesting such exchange. 
The principal amount of the Permanent Global Note shall be equal to the aggregate of the principal amounts 
specified in the certificates of non-U.S. beneficial ownership, provided, however, that in no circumstances shall 
the principal amount of the Permanent Global Note exceed the initial principal amount of the Temporary Global 
Note. 
The Permanent Global Note will be exchangeable in whole, but not in part, for Notes in definitive form 
("Definitive Notes"): 
(i) 
on the expiry of such period of notice as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms; or 
(ii) 
at any time, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms; or

--- Page 70 ---
10261197493-v5 
- 59 - 
47-41058517 
 
(iii) 
if the applicable Final Terms specifies "in the limited circumstances described in the Permanent Global 
Note", then if (a) the Permanent Global Note is held on behalf of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
or any other relevant clearing system and any such clearing system is closed for business for a continuous 
period of 14 days (other than by reason of legal holidays) or announces an intention permanently to cease 
business or does in fact do so (b) an Event of Default (as described in Condition 15 (Events of Default) 
of the Terms and Conditions for the English Law Notes in Physical Form and Condition 19 (Events of 
Default) of the Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes in Physical Form) occurs. 
Whenever the Permanent Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the Issuer shall procure the prompt 
delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly authenticated and with Coupons and Talons 
attached (if so specified in the applicable Final Terms), in an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal 
amount of the Permanent Global Note to the bearer of the Permanent Global Note against the surrender of the 
Permanent Global Note to or to the order of the Agent within 30 days of the bearer requesting such exchange.  
Where interests in the Permanent Global Note are to be exchanged for Definitive Notes in the circumstances 
described in (i) and (ii) above, Notes may only be issued in denominations which are integral multiples of the 
minimum denomination and may only be traded in such amounts, whether in global or definitive form. As an 
exception to the above rule, where the Permanent Global Note may only be exchanged in the limited circumstances 
described in (iii) above, Notes may be issued in denominations which represent the aggregate of (i) a minimum 
denomination of EUR 100,000, plus (ii) integral multiples of EUR 1,000, provided that such denominations are 
not less than EUR 100,000 nor more than EUR 199,000 and that Senior Non-Preferred Notes issued under the 
Programme will have a denomination of at least EUR 150,000 (or, where the Notes are denominated in a currency 
other than Euro, the equivalent amount in such other currency) and Subordinated Notes or Additional Tier 1 Notes 
issued under the Programme will have a denomination of at least EUR 200,000 (or, where the Notes are 
denominated in a currency other than Euro, the equivalent amount in such other currency). For the avoidance of 
doubt, each holder of Notes of such denominations will, upon exchange for Definitive Notes, receive Definitive 
Notes in an amount equal to its entitlement to the principal amount represented by the Permanent Global Notes. 
However, a Noteholder who holds a principal amount of less than the minimum denomination may not receive a 
Definitive Note and would need to purchase a principal amount of Notes such that its holding is an integral 
multiple of the minimum denomination. 
Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being "Temporary Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes" and also specifies that the TEFRA C Rules are applicable or that neither the TEFRA C Rules 
nor the TEFRA D Rules are applicable, then the Notes will initially be in the form of a Temporary Global Note, 
without Coupons, interests in which will be exchangeable, in whole but not in part, for Definitive Notes not earlier 
than 40 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes. 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being "Temporary Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes" and also specifies that the TEFRA D Rules are applicable, then the Notes will initially be in the 
form of a Temporary Global Note, without Coupons, interests in which will be exchangeable, in whole or in part, 
for Definitive Notes not earlier than 40 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes upon 
certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership. Interest payments in respect of the Notes cannot be collected 
without such certification of non-U.S. beneficial ownership. 
Whenever the Temporary Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the Issuer shall procure the prompt 
delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly authenticated and with Coupons and Talons 
(as defined herein) attached (if so specified in the applicable Final Terms), in an aggregate principal amount equal 
to the principal amount of the Temporary Global Note to the bearer of the Temporary Global Note against the 
surrender of the Temporary Global Note to or to the order of the Agent within 30 days of the bearer requesting 
such exchange.  
Where the Temporary Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, Notes may only be issued in 
denominations which are integral multiples of the minimum denomination and may only be traded in such 
amounts whether in global or definitive form. 
Permanent Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being "Permanent Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes", then the Notes will initially be in the form of a Permanent Global Note, without Coupons, 
interests in which will be exchangeable in whole, but not in part, for Definitive Notes: 
(i) 
on the expiry of such period of notice as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms; or

--- Page 71 ---
10261197493-v5 
- 60 - 
47-41058517 
 
(ii) 
at any time, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms; or 
(iii) 
if the applicable Final Terms specifies "in the limited circumstances described in the Permanent Global 
Note", then if (a) the Permanent Global Note is held on behalf of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
or any other relevant clearing system and any such clearing system is closed for business for a continuous 
period of 14 days (other than by reason of legal holidays) or announces an intention permanently to cease 
business or does in fact do so (b) an Event of Default (as described in Condition 15 (Events of Default) 
of the Terms and Conditions for the English Law Notes in Physical Form and Condition 19 (Events of 
Default) of the Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes in Physical Form) occurs. 
Whenever the Permanent Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the Issuer shall procure the prompt 
delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly authenticated and with Coupons and Talons 
attached (if so specified in the applicable Final Terms), in an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal 
amount of the Permanent Global Note to the bearer of the Permanent Global Note against the surrender of the 
Permanent Global Note to or to the order of the Agent within 30 days of the bearer requesting such exchange.  
Where interests in the Permanent Global Note are to be exchanged for Definitive Notes in the circumstances 
described in (i) and (ii) above, Notes may only be issued in denominations which are integral multiples of the 
minimum denomination and may only be traded in such amounts, whether in global or definitive form. As an 
exception to the above rule, where the Permanent Global Note may only be exchanged in the limited circumstances 
described in (iii) above, Notes may be issued in denominations which represent the aggregate of (i) a minimum 
denomination of EUR 100,000, plus (ii) integral multiples of EUR 1,000, provided that such denominations are 
not less than EUR 100,000 nor more than EUR 199,000 and that Senior Non-Preferred Notes issued under the 
Programme will have a denomination of at least EUR 150,000 (or, where the Notes are denominated in a currency 
other than Euro, the equivalent amount in such other currency) and Subordinated Notes or Additional Tier 1 Notes 
issued under the Programme will have a denomination of at least EUR 200,000 (or, where the Notes are 
denominated in a currency other than Euro, the equivalent amount in such other currency). For the avoidance of 
doubt, each holder of Notes of such denominations will, upon exchange for Definitive Notes, receive Definitive 
Notes in an amount equal to its entitlement to the principal amount represented by the Permanent Global Notes. 
However, a Noteholder who holds a principal amount of less than the minimum denomination may not receive a 
Definitive Note and would need to purchase a principal amount of Notes such that its holding is an integral 
multiple of the minimum denomination. 
Terms and Conditions applicable to the Notes 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Definitive Note will be endorsed on that Note and will consist of the 
terms and conditions set out under "Terms and Conditions for the English Law Notes in Physical Form" or "Terms 
and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes in Physical Form", as applicable, and the provisions of the applicable 
Final Terms which complete those terms and conditions. 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Note in global form will differ from those terms and conditions which 
would apply to the Note were it in definitive form to the extent described under "Summary of Provisions relating 
to the Notes in Global Form" below. 
Legend concerning U.S. persons 
In the case of any Tranche of Notes having a maturity of more than 365 days, the Notes in global form, the Notes 
in definitive form and any Coupons and Talons appertaining thereto will bear a legend to the following effect: 
"Any United States person who holds this obligation will be subject to limitations under the United States income 
tax laws, including the limitations provided in Sections 165(j) and 1287(a) of the Internal Revenue Code". 
The sections referred to in such legend provide that a United States person who holds a Note, Coupon or Talon 
will generally not be allowed to deduct any loss realised on the sale, exchange or redemption of such Note, Coupon 
or Talon and any gain (which might otherwise be characterised as capital gain) recognised on such sale, exchange 
or redemption will be treated as ordinary income. 
Dematerialised Notes  
Dematerialised Notes will be held in dematerialised form on behalf of the beneficial owners, until redemption or 
cancellation thereof, by Monte Titoli, for the account of the relevant Monte Titoli Account Holders. The 
expression "Monte Titoli Account Holders" means any authorised financial intermediary institution entitled to 
hold accounts on behalf of their customers with Monte Titoli and includes any depository banks appointed by 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV as operator of the Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg.

--- Page 72 ---
10261197493-v5 
- 61 - 
47-41058517 
 
The Notes will at all times be held in book entry form and title to the Notes will be evidenced by book entries 
pursuant to the relevant provisions of the Financial Services Act and in accordance with the CONSOB and Bank 
of Italy Regulation. The Noteholders may not require physical delivery of the Notes. However, the Noteholders 
may ask the relevant intermediaries for certification pursuant to Article 83-quinquies and 83-sexies of the 
Financial Services Act.

--- Page 73 ---
10261197493-v5 
- 62 - 
47-41058517 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
Set out below is the form of Final Terms which will be completed for each Tranche of Notes issued under the 
Programme. 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor 
in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or 
more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID 
II"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended, the "Insurance Distribution 
Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) 
of MiFID II. Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No. 1286/2014 (as 
amended, the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail 
investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor 
in the United Kingdom ("UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic 
law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning 
of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended (the "FSMA") and any rules or 
regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify 
as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK MiFIR"). Consequently, no key 
information document required by Regulation (EU) No. 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of 
the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling 
the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK 
PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[[MiFID II Product Governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market] – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and professional 
clients only, each as defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II")][MiFID II]; and (ii) all channels 
for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the 
manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the 
manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[UK MiFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market] – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, as defined 
in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook ("COBS"), and professional clients, as defined in 
Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 
2018 (the "UK MiFIR"); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and 
professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a 
"distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturers' target market assessment; however, a distributor 
subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR 
Product Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturers' target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels.] 
[Notification under Section 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289) of Singapore (the SFA) 
- [To insert notice if classification of the Notes is not "prescribed capital markets products", pursuant to Section 
309B of the SFA or Excluded Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of 
Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products)]]1 
 
1 
Relevant Dealer(s) to consider whether it / they have received the necessary product classification from the Issuer prior 
to the launch of the offer, pursuant to Section 309B of the SFA.

--- Page 74 ---
10261197493-v5 
- 63 - 
47-41058517 
 
[Date] 
Banca Ifis S.p.A. 
(incorporated as a società per azioni under the laws of the Republic of Italy) 
Legal entity identifier (LEI): 8156005420362AE59184 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
under the €5,000,000,000  
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
PART A - CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the [Terms and Conditions for the 
English Law Notes in Physical Form] [Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes in Physical Form] [Terms 
and Conditions of the Dematerialised Notes] set forth in the Base Prospectus dated 19 July 2023 [as supplemented 
by the supplement[s] to it dated [date] [and [date]]] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the 
purposes of the Prospectus Regulation (the "Base Prospectus"). [This document constitutes the Final Terms of 
the Notes described herein for the purposes of Article 8(4) of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in 
conjunction with the Base Prospectus [as so supplemented] in order to obtain all the relevant information. The 
Base Prospectus [and the supplement[s] to the Base Prospectus] [is/are] available for viewing [at 
https://www.bancaifis.it/en/investor-relations/rating-note-issuance-programs/prospectuses-emtn/] [and] during 
normal business hours at [address] [and copies may be obtained from [address]]. The Base Prospectus and, in the 
case of Notes admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, the Final Terms 
will also be published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com).2 
[In these Final Terms, the expression "Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129.]3 
[The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was issued 
under a Base Prospectus with an earlier date.] 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes for the [Terms and Conditions for the 
English Law Notes in Physical Form] [Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes in Physical Form] (the 
"Conditions") set forth in the Base Prospectus dated 3 August 2022. 
This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of Article 8(4) of the 
Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus dated 19 July 2023 [and the 
supplement[s] to it dated [date] [and [date]] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of 
the Prospectus Regulation (the "Base Prospectus"), including the Conditions incorporated by reference in the 
Base Prospectus. Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes is only available on the basis of the 
combination of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus.]4 
The Base Prospectus [and the supplement[s] to the Base Prospectus] [is/are] available for viewing [at 
https://www.bancaifis.it/en/investor-relations/rating-note-issuance-programs/prospectuses-emtn/ [and] during 
normal business hours at [address] [and copies may be obtained from [address]]. The Base Prospectus and, in the 
case of Notes admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, the Final Terms 
will also be published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange n (www.luxse.com). 
[In these Final Terms, the expression "Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129.]5 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable" (N/A). Note that the numbering should 
remain as set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs or subparagraphs. Italics 
denote directions for completing the Final Terms.] 
[(When completing any final terms consideration should be given as to whether such terms or information 
constitute "significant new factors" and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to the Prospectus under 
Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation).] 
 
 
2 
In case of unlisted notes, references to requirements under the Prospectus Regulation may be deleted. 
3 
In case of unlisted notes, references to requirements under the Prospectus Regulation may be deleted. 
4 
In case of unlisted notes, references to requirements under the Prospectus Regulation may be deleted. 
5 
In case of unlisted notes, references to requirements under the Prospectus Regulation may be deleted.

--- Page 75 ---
10261197493-v5 
- 64 - 
47-41058517 
 
1 
(a) Series Number: 
[●]  
 
(b) Tranche Number: 
[●]  
 
(c) Date on which the Notes will be 
consolidated and form a single Series: 
[The Notes will be consolidated and form a single Series 
with [identify earlier Tranches] on [the Issue 
Date/exchange of the Temporary Global Note for 
interests in the Permanent Global Note, as referred to in 
paragraph 25 below, which is expected to occur on or 
about [date]] / [Not Applicable] 
2 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[●]  
3 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
[●]  
 
(a) Series: 
[●]  
 
(b) Tranche: 
[●]  
4 
Issue Price: 
[●] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [plus 
accrued interest from [insert date] (if applicable)] 
5 
(a) Specified Denominations∗: 
[●]  
 
 
(Notes must have a minimum denomination of €100,000 
(or equivalent). In the case of Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes, Notes must have a minimum denomination of 
€150,000 (or equivalent). In the case of Subordinated 
Notes or Additional Tier 1 Notes, Notes must have a 
minimum denomination of €200,000 or equivalent.)  
(Note – where multiple denominations above [€100,000] 
or equivalent are being used the following sample 
wording should be followed: 
"[€100,000] and integral multiples of [€1,000] in excess 
thereof up to and including [€199,000]. No Notes in 
definitive form will be issued with a denomination above 
[€199,000].") 
(Notes including Notes denominated in Sterling, in 
respect of which the issue proceeds are to be accepted 
by the Issuer in the United Kingdom or whose issue 
otherwise constitutes a contravention of Financial 
Services and Markets Act 2000 and which have a 
maturity of less than one year must have a minimum 
redemption value of £100,000 (or its equivalent in other 
currencies).) 
 
(b) Calculation Amount: 
[●]  
 
 
(If only one Specified Denomination, insert the Specified 
Denomination. 
If more than one Specified Denomination, insert the 
highest common factor. Note: There must be a common 
factor in the case of two or more Specified 
Denominations.) 
6 
(a) Issue Date: 
[●]  
 
(b) Interest Commencement Date: 
[[●] /Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
 
∗ 
The minimum denomination of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes will be Euro 150,000 and the minimum denomination of 
each Subordinated Note or Additional Tier 1 Note will be Euro 200,000 (or, if the Notes are denominated in a currency 
other than euro, the equivalent amount in such currency) or such other higher amount as may be allowed or required from 
time to time by the relevant central bank (or equivalent body).

--- Page 76 ---
10261197493-v5 
- 65 - 
47-41058517 
 
(N.B. An Interest Commencement Date will not be 
relevant for certain Notes, for example Zero Coupon 
Notes.) 
7 
Maturity Date: 
[Fixed rate or Zero Coupon Notes – specify 
date/Floating rate Notes – Interest Payment Date falling 
in or nearest to [specify month and year]] 
[If the Maturity Date is less than one year from the Issue 
Date and either (a) the issue proceeds are received by 
the Issuer in the United Kingdom or (b) the activity of 
issuing the Notes is carried on from an establishment 
maintained by the Issuer in the United Kingdom, (i) the 
Notes must have a minimum redemption value of 
£100,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies) and be 
sold only to "professional investors" or (ii) another 
applicable exemption from section 19 of the FSMA must 
be available.] 
[The Notes are perpetual securities and have no fixed 
date for redemption. The Notes may only be redeemed 
in the circumstances described in Condition 15 
(Redemption and Purchase) of the Terms and 
Conditions for the Italian Law Notes in Physical Form 
and Condition [15] of the Terms and Conditions for the 
Dematerialised Notes.]  
(NB. only applicable to Additional Tier 1 Notes) 
8 
Interest Basis: 
[[●] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
[[●] per cent. Fixed Rate from [●] to [●], then [●] per 
cent. Fixed Rate from [●] to [●] ] 
[●][●] 
[EURIBOR/SONIA/SONIA 
Compounded 
Index/€STR]+/– [●] per cent. Floating Rate]  
[Floating Rate: CMS Linked Interest] [Floating Rate: 
SONIA Linked Interest] 
[Zero Coupon] 
(further particulars specified below under items [9 / 12 / 
13 / 14 / 15]) 
9 
Change of Interest Basis: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
(If applicable, specify the date when any fixed to floating 
rate or floating to fixed rate change occurs or when any 
fixed to foxed or floating to floating rate change occurs 
or cross refer to items 12 and 13 (as appropriate) below 
and identify there) 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(N.B. To be completed in addition to items 12, 13 and 14 
(as appropriate) if any fixed to floating or fixed reset rate 
change occurs) 
 (a) 
Reset Date(s) 
[●]  
 (b) 
Switch Options: 
[Applicable – [specify details of the change(s) in Interest 
Basis and the relevant Interest Periods to which the 
change(s) in Interest Basis applies] / [Not Applicable]] 
(N.B. The Issuer must give notice of the exercise of the 
Switch Option to Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 16 (Notices) of the Terms and Conditions for

--- Page 77 ---
10261197493-v5 
- 66 - 
47-41058517 
 
the English Law Notes in Physical Form, Condition 20 
of the Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes in 
Physical Form or Condition [19] of the Terms and 
Conditions for the Dematerialised Notes, as applicable, 
on or prior to the relevant Switch Option Expiry Date) 
 (c) 
Switch Option Expiry Date: 
[●]  
 (d) 
Switch Option Effective Date: 
[●]  
10 
Put/Call Options: 
[Call Option] 
[Regulatory Call] 
[Issuer Call due to a MREL Disqualification Event] 
[Put Option] 
[Clean-up Redemption at the option of the Issuer] 
[(further particulars specified below under items [16 / 17 
/ 18 / 19 / 20 / 21])] 
[Not Applicable] 
11 
Status of the Notes: 
[Senior Notes] / [Senior Non-Preferred Notes] / 
[Subordinated Notes] [Additional Tier 1 Notes] 
 (a) Date of [Board] approval for issuance 
of the Notes: 
[●]  
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
12 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable / Not Applicable / (if a Change of Interest 
Basis applies): Applicable for the period starting from 
[and including] [●] ending on [but excluding] [●] ] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
(a) Rate(s) of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on each Interest 
Payment Date 
 
(b) Interest Payment Date(s): 
[●] [and [●] ] in each year, commencing on [●], up to 
and including the Maturity Date 
[There will be a [long/short] [first/last] coupon in respect 
of the period from and including [●] to but excluding 
[●] ] 
 
(c) Fixed 
Coupon 
Amount(s): 
(Applicable to Notes in Physical Form 
in definitive form.) 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
 
(d) Broken 
Amount(s): 
(Applicable to Notes in definitive 
form.) 
[[●] per Calculation Amount, payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling [in/on] [●] in respect of the period 
from and including [●] to but excluding [●] ] [Not 
Applicable] 
 
(e) Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual]/[Actual/Actual 
(ICMA)] 
/ 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)] / [Actual/365 (Fixed)] / 
[Actual/360] / [30/360] / [360/360] / [Bond Basis] / 
[30E/360] / [30E/360 (ISDA)] / [Eurobond basis] 
13 
Reset Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 (a) 
Initial Rate of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum [payable [annually/semi-
annually/quarterly/monthly] in arrear]

--- Page 78 ---
10261197493-v5 
- 67 - 
47-41058517 
 
 (b) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[●] in each year up to and including the Maturity Date 
 (c) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual]/[Actual/Actual 
(ICMA)] 
/ 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)] / [Actual/365 (Fixed)] / 
[Actual/360] / [30/360] / [360/360] / [Bond Basis] / 
[30E/360] / [30E/360 (ISDA)] / [Eurobond basis] 
 (d) 
Reset Date(s): 
[●]  
 (e) 
Reset Reference Rate(s) and Relevant 
Financial Centre: 
Reset Reference Rate: [Mid Swaps/Reference Bond] 
 (f) 
Reset Margin: 
[+/-][●] per cent. per annum 
 (g) 
Reset Rate Screen Page: 
[●]  
 (h) 
Mid Swap Maturity: 
[●]  
 (i) 
Reset Determination Date: 
[●]  
 (j) 
Reset Rate Time: 
[●]  
 (k) 
Party responsible for calculating the 
Reset Rate and Interest Amount(s) (if 
not the Agent): 
[[Name] shall be the Calculation Agent (no need to 
specify if the Agent is to perform this function)] 
 (l) 
Mid Swap Benchmark Rate: 
[EURIBOR]/[●]  
14 
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable (if a Change of Interest 
Basis applies): Applicable for the period starting from 
[and including] [●] ending on [but excluding] [●] ] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph.) 
 
(a) Interest Payment Dates: 
[●]  
 
(b) Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/ Following Business Day 
Convention/ 
Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/ Preceding Business Day Convention] 
 
(c) Specified Period: 
[●] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(d) Additional Business Centre(s): 
[●] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(e) Manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest 
is/are to be determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA Determination] 
 
(f) 
Party responsible for calculating the 
Rate(s) 
of 
Interest 
and 
Interest 
Amount(s) (if not the Agent): 
[[Name] shall be the Calculation Agent (no need to 
specify if the Agent is to perform this function)] 
 
(g) Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
Reference Rate: 
[EURIBOR/SONIA/€STR/SONIA Compounded Index] 
 
Observation Method: 
[Lag / Observation Shift] 
 
Lag Period: 
[5 / [●] TARGET Settlement Days/London Banking 
Days/Not Applicable] 
 
Observation Shift Period: 
[5 / [●] TARGET Settlement Days/London Banking 
Days /Not Applicable] 
(NB: A minimum of 5 should be specified for the Lag 
Period or Observation Shift Period, unless otherwise 
agreed with the Calculation Agent) 
 
D: 
[360/365/[●]] / [Not Applicable] 
 
Index Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 79 ---
10261197493-v5 
- 68 - 
47-41058517 
 
 
SONIA Compounded Index: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
Relevant Decimal Place: 
[●] / [5] (unless otherwise specified in the Final Terms, 
it should be the fifth decimal place) 
 
Relevant Number of Index Days: 
[●] / [5] (unless otherwise specified in the Final Terms, 
the Relevant Number shall be 5) 
 
Reference Banks: 
[●] / [Not Applicable] 
 
Interest Determination Date(s): 
[●]  
(in the case of a CMS Rate where the Reference 
Currency is Euro): [Second day on which the T2 System 
is open prior to the start of each Interest Period] 
(in the case of a CMS Rate where the Reference 
Currency is other than Euro): [Second [specify type of 
day] prior to the start of each Interest Period] 
 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[For example, Reuters page EURIBOR01] 
(In the case of CMS Linked Interest Note, specify 
relevant screen page and any applicable headings and 
captions) 
 
Relevant Time: 
[For example, 11.00 a.m.[London/Brussels] time] 
 
Relevant Financial Centre: 
[For example, London/Euro-zone (where Euro-zone 
means the region comprised of the countries whose 
lawful currency is the Euro)] 
 
[Reference Currency:] (only relevant 
where the CMS Rate is the Reference 
Rate) 
[●]  
 
[Designated Maturity:] (only relevant 
where the CMS Rate is the Reference 
Rate) 
[●]  
 
p: 
(only relevant for SONIA Linked 
Interest Notes) 
[●] [Not Applicable] 
 
(h) ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
ISDA Definitions: 
[2000/2006/2021] 
 
Floating Rate Option: 
[●]  
 
Designated Maturity: 
[●]  
 
Reset Date: 
[●]  
(In the case of a EURIBOR or CMS Rate based option, 
the first day of the Interest Period) 
 
(i) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-] [●] per cent. per annum 
 
(j) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[[●] per cent. per annum] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(k) Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[[●] per cent. per annum] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(l) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)] / [Actual/365] / [Actual/Actual 
(ISDA)] / [Actual/365 (Fixed)] / [Actual/360] / [30/360] 
/ [30E/360] / [Eurobond basis] 
15 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs 
of this paragraph)

--- Page 80 ---
10261197493-v5 
- 69 - 
47-41058517 
 
 
(a) Accrual Yield: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
 
(b) Reference Price: 
[●]  
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
16 
Call Option: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
(a) Optional Redemption Date(s) (Call): 
[●] [each Business Day during the period from (and 
including) [date] to (but excluding) [date] [and each 
Interest Payment Date following [date]].] 
 
(b) Optional 
Redemption 
Amount(s) 
(Call) (in the case of Subordinated 
Notes or Additional Tier 1 Notes only, 
subject to the prior approval of the 
Relevant Authority, as applicable, and 
in accordance with applicable laws and 
regulations, including Articles 77 and 
78 of the CRR or, if different, the then 
Applicable Banking Regulations):  
[[●] per Calculation Amount] 
 
(c) If redeemable in part: 
 
 
(i) 
Minimum Redemption Amount: 
[●]  
 
(ii) Maximum Redemption Amount: 
[●]  
 
(d) 
Notice period (if other than as set out 
in the Conditions): 
[●]  
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is advised 
to consider the practicalities of distribution of 
information through intermediaries, for example, 
clearing systems and custodians, as well as any other 
notice requirements which may apply, for example, as 
between the Issuer and the Agent) 
17 
Regulatory Call: 
[[Condition 11.3 (Redemption for Regulatory Reasons) 
of the Terms and Conditions for the English Law Notes 
in Physical Form] / [Condition 15.4 (Redemption for 
Regulatory Reasons) of the Terms and Conditions for 
the Italian Law Notes in Physical Form] [Condition 15.4 
(Redemption for Regulatory Reasons) of the Terms and 
Conditions 
for 
the 
Dematerialised 
Notes] 
is 
applicable/Not Applicable] 
(Only applicable for Subordinated Notes and Additional 
Tier 1 Notes) 
18 
Put Option: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(Applicable only to Senior Notes. If not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) Optional Redemption Date(s) (Put): 
[●]  
 
(b) Optional Redemption Amount(s) Put: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
 
(c) Notice period (if other than as set out in 
the Conditions): 
[●]  
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is advised 
to consider the practicalities of distribution of 
information through intermediaries, for example, 
clearing systems and custodians, as well as any other 
notice requirements which may apply, for example, as 
between the Issuer and the Agent)

--- Page 81 ---
10261197493-v5 
- 70 - 
47-41058517 
 
19 
Clean-up Redemption at the option of the 
Issuer: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
(a) Clean-Up Percentage 
[75 per cent. / [●] per cent.] 
 
(b) Clean-Up Redemption Amount and 
method, if any, of calculation of such 
amount(s): 
[●] per Calculation Amount / [●] 
20 
Early Redemption Amount(s) payable on 
redemption for  
[[●] per Calculation Amount]  
 
(i) 
taxation reasons (subject to [insert in 
the case of Senior Notes and Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes] [Condition 11.7 
(Redemption of Senior Notes and Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes) of the Terms and 
Conditions for the English Law Notes in 
Physical 
Form, 
Condition 
15.9 
(Redemption of Senior Notes and Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes) of the Terms and 
Conditions for the Italian Law Notes in 
Physical Form and Condition 15.9 
(Redemption of Senior Notes and Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes) of the Terms and 
Conditions for the Dematerialised 
Notes] 
[insert 
in 
the 
case 
of 
Subordinated Notes] [Condition 11.6 
(Redemption of Subordinated Notes) of 
the Terms and Conditions for the 
English Law Notes in Physical Form, 
Condition 
15.8 
(Redemption 
of 
Subordinated Notes and Additional Tier 
1 Notes) of the Terms and Conditions 
for the Italian Law Notes in Physical 
Form and Condition 15.8 (Redemption 
of Subordinated Notes and Additional 
Tier 1 Notes) of the Terms and 
Conditions for the Dematerialised 
Notes] [insert in the case of Additional 
Tier 
1 
Notes] 
[Condition 
15.8 
(Redemption of Subordinated Notes and 
Additional Tier 1 Notes) of the Terms 
and Conditions for the Italian Law 
Notes in Physical Form and Condition 
[15.8] of the Terms and Conditions for 
the Dematerialised Notes (including the 
prior 
approval 
of 
the 
Relevant 
Authority, 
as 
applicable, 
and 
in 
accordance with applicable laws and 
regulations, including Articles 77 and 
78 of the CRR or, if different, the then 
Applicable Banking Regulations)]) as 
contemplated 
by 
Conditions 
11.2 
(Redemption for Taxation Reasons) of 
the Terms and Conditions for the 
English Law Notes in Physical Form, 
Condition 
15.3 
(Redemption 
for 
Taxation Reasons), of the Terms and 
Conditions for the Italian Law Notes in 
Physical Form and Condition 15.3

--- Page 82 ---
10261197493-v5 
- 71 - 
47-41058517 
 
(Redemption for Taxation Reasons) of 
the Terms and Conditions for the 
Dematerialised Notes;] 
 
(ii) [insert in case of Subordinated Notes or 
Additional Tier 1 Notes][for regulatory 
reasons 
([insert 
in 
the 
case 
of 
Subordinated 
Notes] 
[subject 
to 
Condition 
11.6 
(Redemption 
of 
Subordinated Notes) of the Terms and 
Conditions for the English Law Notes in 
Physical 
Form, 
Condition 
15.8 
(Redemption of Subordinated Notes and 
Additional Tier 1 Notes) of the Terms 
and Conditions for the Italian Law 
Notes in Physical Form and Condition 
15.8 (Redemption of Subordinated 
Notes and Additional Tier 1 Notes) of 
the Terms and Conditions for the 
Dematerialised Notes] [insert in case of 
Additional Tier 1 Notes] [subject to 
Condition 
15.8 
(Redemption 
of 
Subordinated Notes and Additional Tier 
1 Notes) of the Terms and Conditions 
for the Italian Law Notes in Physical 
Form and Condition 15.8 (Redemption 
of Subordinated Notes and Additional 
Tier 1 Notes) of the Terms and 
Conditions for the Dematerialised 
Notes] (including the prior approval of 
the Relevant Authority, as applicable, 
and in accordance with applicable laws 
and regulations, including Articles 77 
and 78 of the CRR or, if different, the 
then Applicable Banking Regulations)]) 
as contemplated by Condition 11.3 
(Redemption for Regulatory Reasons) 
of the Terms and Conditions for the 
English Law Notes in Physical Form, 
Condition 
15.4 
(Redemption 
for 
Regulatory Reasons) of the Terms and 
Conditions for the Italian Law Notes in 
Physical Form and Condition 15.4 
(Redemption for Regulatory Reasons) 
of the Terms and Conditions for the 
Dematerialised Notes;] 
 
 
(iii) on event of default (subject to[insert in 
the case of Senior Notes or Senior Non-
Preferred Notes] [[Condition 11.7 
(Redemption of Senior Notes and Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes) of the Terms and 
Conditions for the English Law Notes in 
Physical 
Form, 
Condition 
15.9 
(Redemption of Senior Notes and Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes) of the Terms and 
Conditions for the Italian Law Notes in 
Physical Form and Condition 15.9 
(Redemption of Senior Notes and Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes) of the Terms and 
Conditions for the Dematerialised 
Notes] 
[insert 
in 
the 
case 
of 
Subordinated Notes] [Condition 11.6

--- Page 83 ---
10261197493-v5 
- 72 - 
47-41058517 
 
(Redemption of Subordinated Notes) of 
the Terms and Conditions for the 
English Law Notes in Physical Form, 
Condition 
15.8 
(Redemption 
of 
Subordinated Notes and Additional Tier 
1 Notes) of the Terms and Conditions 
for the Italian Law Notes in Physical 
Form and Condition 15.8 (Redemption 
of Subordinated Notes and Additional 
Tier 1 Notes) of the Terms and 
Conditions for the Dematerialised 
Notes] [insert in the case of Additional 
Tier 
1 
Notes] 
[Condition 
15.8 
(Redemption of Subordinated Notes and 
Additional Tier 1 Notes) of the Terms 
and Conditions for the Italian Law 
Notes in Physical Form and Condition 
15.8 (Redemption of Subordinated 
Notes and Additional Tier 1 Notes) of 
the Terms and Conditions for the 
Dematerialised Notes (including the 
prior 
approval 
of 
the 
Relevant 
Authority, 
as 
applicable, 
and 
in 
accordance with applicable laws and 
regulations, including Articles 77 and 
78 of the CRR or, if different, the then 
Applicable Banking Regulations)]), 
 
and/or the method of calculating the same (if 
required): 
 
21 
Issuer Call due to MREL Disqualification 
Event: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(Only relevant in the case of Senior Notes or Senior Non-
Preferred Notes. If not applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 (a) 
Notice period (if other than as set out 
in the Conditions): 
[●]  
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is advised 
to consider the practicalities of distribution of 
information through intermediaries, for example, 
clearing systems and custodians, as well as any other 
notice requirements which may apply, for example, as 
between the Issuer and the Agent) 
 (b) 
Early Redemption Amount payable 
on redemption upon the occurrence 
of a MREL Disqualification Event as 
contemplated by Condition 11.8 
(Issuer Call Due to a MREL 
Disqualification Event) of the Terms 
and Conditions for the English Law 
Notes in Physical Form, Condition 
15.10 (Issuer Call Due to a MREL 
Disqualification Event) of the Terms 
and Conditions for the Italian Law 
Notes in Physical Form or Condition 
15.10 (Issuer Call Due to a MREL 
Disqualification Event) of the Terms 
and 
Conditions 
for 
the 
Dematerialised Notes, as applicable: 
[●] per Calculation Amount/[●]  
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES

--- Page 84 ---
10261197493-v5 
- 73 - 
47-41058517 
 
22 
Form of Notes: 
 
 
(a) Form: 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a Permanent 
Global Note which is exchangeable for Definitive Notes 
[on [●] days' notice/at any time/in the limited 
circumstances specified in the Permanent Global Note.]] 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes on [●] days' notice] 
[Permanent Global Note exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes [on [●] days' notice/at any time/in the limited 
circumstances specified in the Permanent Global Note]] 
[In relation to any Notes issued with a denomination of 
EUR 100,000 (or equivalent) and integral multiples of 
EUR 1,000 (or equivalent), the Permanent Global Note 
representing such Notes shall only be exchangeable to 
Definitive Notes in the limited circumstances of (1) 
closure of the ICSDs; and (2) default of the Issuer.] 
[Dematerialised Note held by Monte Titoli on behalf of 
the beneficial owners, until redemption or cancellation 
thereof, for the account of the relevant Monte Titoli 
Account Holders] 
 
(b) New Global Note: 
[Yes] / [No] / [Not Applicable] 
23 
Additional Financial Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
(Note that this paragraph relates to the place of 
payment) 
24 
Talons for future Coupons of the Notes in 
Physical Form to be attached to Definitive 
Notes: 
[Yes/No. If yes, insert as follows: 
One Talon in the event that more than 27 Coupons need 
to be attached to each Definitive Note. On and after the 
Interest Payment Date on which the final Coupon 
comprised in any Coupon sheet matures, the Talon 
comprised in the Coupon sheet may be surrendered at 
the specified office of the Agent in exchange for a further 
Coupon sheet. Each Talon shall be deemed to mature in 
the Interest Payment Date on which the final Coupon 
comprised in the relevant Coupon sheet matures] 
25 
Modification 
or 
Substitution 
of 
Subordinated 
Notes 
for 
Regulatory 
Event/Tax Event: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] in relation to [Regulatory 
Event/Tax Event] 
26 
Modification or Substitution of Senior Notes 
and Senior Non-Preferred Notes for MREL 
Disqualification Event: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
27 
Modification or Substitution of Senior 
Notes: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
RESPONSIBILITY 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in these Final Terms. [[●] has been extracted from 
[●]. The Issuer confirms that such information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and 
is able to ascertain from information published by [●], no facts have been omitted which would render the 
reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.] 
Signed on behalf of 
Banca Ifis S.p.A.

--- Page 85 ---
10261197493-v5 
- 74 - 
47-41058517 
 
By:_________________________ 
Duly authorised

--- Page 86 ---
10261197493-v5 
- 75 - 
47-41058517 
 
PART B 
OTHER INFORMATION 
1 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
 
(a) Listing and Admission to trading 
[[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its 
behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to trading on the 
regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
and listing on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange with effect from [●].] / [Application is 
expected to be made by the Issuer (or on its behalf) for 
the Notes to be admitted to trading on the regulated 
market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and listing 
on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
with effect from [●].] / [Not Applicable.]] 
 
(b) Estimate of total expenses related to 
admission to trading: 
[●]  
2 
RATINGS 
 
 
Ratings: 
[The Notes to be issued [[have been][have not been]/[are 
expected to be]] rated [insert details] by [insert the legal 
name of the relevant credit rating agency entity(ies)]]: 
[(Include brief explanation of rating if this has 
previously been published by the rating provider)] 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating allocated 
to Notes of the type being issued under the Programme 
generally or, where the issue has been specifically rated, 
that rating.) 
(Insert the following where the relevant credit rating 
agency is established in the EEA): 
 
 
[[Insert credit rating agency] is established in the 
European Union and is registered under Regulation (EC) 
No 
1060/2009, 
as 
amended 
(the 
"EU 
CRA 
Regulation").] 
[[Insert credit rating agency] is not established in the 
European Union and has not applied for registration 
under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, as amended (the 
"EU CRA Regulation").] 
[[Insert credit rating agency] is established in the 
European Union and has applied for registration under 
Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, as amended (the "EU 
CRA Regulation"), although notification of the 
corresponding registration decision has not yet been 
provided by the relevant competent authority.] 
[[Insert credit rating agency] is not established in the 
European Union and has not applied for registration 
under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, as amended (the 
"EU CRA Regulation") but the rating issued by it is 
endorsed by [insert endorsing credit rating agency] 
which is established in the European Union and [is 
registered under the EU CRA Regulation] [has applied 
for registration under the EU CRA Regulation, although 
notification of the corresponding registration decision 
has not yet been provided by the relevant competent 
authority].]  
[[Insert credit rating agency] is not established in the 
European Union and has not applied for registration

--- Page 87 ---
10261197493-v5 
- 76 - 
47-41058517 
 
under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, as amended (the 
"EU CRA Regulation") but is certified in accordance 
with the CRA Regulation.] 
[[Insert Credit Rating Agency] is not established in the 
European Union and is not certified under Regulation 
(EC) No. 1060/2009, as amended (the "EU CRA 
Regulation") and the rating given by it is not endorsed 
by a credit rating agency established in the European 
Union and registered under the EU CRA Regulation.]  
[[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] is established in the [United 
Kingdom]/[insert] and is [registered with the Financial 
Conduct Authority in accordance with] / [the rating it 
has given to the Notes is endorsed by [UK-based credit 
rating agency] registered with the FCA in accordance 
with] / [certified under] [Regulation (EC) No. 
1060/2009, as amended (the "EU CRA Regulation") as 
it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA 
Regulation").]] 
3 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE 
 
[Save for any fees payable to the [[Joint Lead] Managers / Dealers], so far as the Issuer is aware, no 
person involved in the issue of the Notes has an interest material to the offer. [Certain of the / The] 
[[Joint Lead] Managers / Dealers] and their affiliates (including parent companies) have engaged, and 
may in the future engage, in investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may 
perform other services for, the Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary course of business – Amend as 
appropriate if there are other interests] 
 
[(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters 
described constitute "significant new factors" and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to 
the Base Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.)] 
4 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
 [The net proceeds of the issuance of the Notes will be used for the general corporate purposes of the 
Group, as set forth in "Use of Proceeds" in the Base Prospectus / Other] 
(If "Other", set out use of proceeds here) 
 Estimated net proceeds: 
[●]  
5 
YIELD (Fixed Rate Notes only) 
 
Indication of yield: 
[●]/[Not Applicable]  
[The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the basis of 
the Issue Price. It is not an indication of future yield.] 
6 
HISTORIC INTEREST RATE (Floating Rate Notes, CMS Index Linked Interest Notes and SONIA 
Linked Interest Notes only) 
 
[[Details of historic [EURIBOR/SONIA/€STR/SONIA Compounded Index] rates can be obtained, [but 
not] free of charge from [Reuters/Bloomberg/give details of electronic means of obtaining the details 
of performance]]/[Not Applicable]] 
7 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
(a) ISIN Code: 
[●]  
 
(b) Common Code: 
[●]  
 
(c) FISN: 
[[●], as set out on the website of the Association of 
National Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively 
sourced from the responsible National Numbering 
Agency that assigned the ISIN]

--- Page 88 ---
10261197493-v5 
- 77 - 
47-41058517 
 
 
(d) CFI Code: 
[[●], as set out on the website of the Association of 
National Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively 
sourced from the responsible National Numbering 
Agency that assigned the ISIN] 
 
(e) Any clearing system(s) other than 
Euroclear 
Bank 
SA/NV 
and 
Clearstream Banking S.A. or Monte 
Titoli and the relevant identification 
number(s): 
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and number(s)] 
 
(f) 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
 
(g) Names and addresses of additional 
Paying Agent(s) (if any): 
[●]  
 
(h) Intended to be held in a manner which 
would allow Eurosystem eligibility: 
[Yes: Note that the designation "yes" simply means that 
the Notes are intended upon issue to be deposited with 
one of the ICSDs as common safekeeper and does not 
necessarily mean that the Notes will be recognised as 
eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and 
intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem either 
upon issue or at any or all times during their life. Such 
recognition will depend upon satisfaction of the 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria.] [include this text if "yes" 
selected in which case the Notes must be issued in NGN 
form] 
 
 
[No: Note that whilst the designation is specified as "no" 
at the date of these Final Terms, should the Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria be amended in the future such that the 
Notes are capable of meeting them the Notes may then 
be deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper. Note that this does not necessarily mean that 
the Notes will then be recognised as eligible collateral 
for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra day credit 
operations by the Eurosystem at any time during their 
life. Such recognition will depend upon the ECB being 
satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been 
met.] [include this text if "no" selected] 
 
 
[Not Applicable] 
8 
DISTRIBUTION 
 
(a) Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
 
(b) If syndicated, names of Managers: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
 
(c) Date of Subscription Agreement: 
[●]  
 
(d) Stabilisation Manager(s) (if any): 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
 
(e) If non-syndicated, name of relevant 
Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
 
(f) 
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
Reg. S Compliance Category 2; 
[TEFRA D/TEFRA C/TEFRA not applicable] 
 
(g) Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(h) Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
9 
BENCHMARKS 
 
EU Benchmark Regulation: 
[Applicable: Amounts payable under the Notes are 
calculated by reference to [insert name[s] of 
benchmark(s)], which [is/are] provided by [insert

--- Page 89 ---
10261197493-v5 
- 78 - 
47-41058517 
 
name[s] of the administrator[s] — if more than one 
speck in relation to each relevant benchmark].  
 
EU Benchmark Regulation: Article 29(2) 
statement on benchmarks: 
[As at the date of these Final Terms, [insert name[s] of 
the administrator[s]] [is/are] [not] included in the 
register of administrators and benchmarks established 
and maintained by the European Securities and Markets 
Authority [("ESMA")] pursuant to Article 36 of the 
Benchmark Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, as 
amended) [(the "BMR")]. [As far as the Issuer is aware, 
[[insert name of the benchmark] does not fall within the 
scope of the BMR by virtue of Article 2 of the 
BMR.]/[the transitional provisions in Article 51 of the 
BMR apply, such that the administrator is not currently 
required to obtain authorisation/registration]]. (repeat as 
necessary)]] 
(if Not Applicable, delete this sub-paragraph)

--- Page 90 ---
Terms and Conditions for the English Law Notes in Physical Form 
10261197493-v5 
- 79 - 
47-41058517 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR THE ENGLISH LAW NOTES IN PHYSICAL FORM 
The following are the Terms and Conditions applicable to each Series of Notes to be governed under English Law 
(respectively, the "English Law Notes in Physical Form" or the "Notes" and the "Terms and Conditions for the 
English Law Notes in Physical Form" or the "Terms and Conditions") which, as completed by the applicable 
Final Terms, will be incorporated by reference into each Global Note (as defined below) and each definitive Note, 
in the latter case only if permitted by the relevant competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system 
(if any) and agreed by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer at the time of issue but, if not so permitted and agreed, 
such definitive Note will have endorsed thereon or attached thereto such Terms and Conditions. The provisions 
of Part A of the applicable Final Terms (or the relevant provisions thereof) will be endorsed upon, or attached to, 
each Global Note and definitive Note. Reference should be made to the "Form of Final Terms" for a description 
of the content of Final Terms which will specify which of such terms and conditions are to apply to the relevant 
Notes. The terms and conditions applicable to any Note in global form will differ from those terms and conditions 
which would apply to the Note were it in definitive form to the extent described under "Summary of Provisions 
relating to the Notes in Global Form" below. 
This Note is one of a Series (as defined below) of Notes issued by Banca Ifis S.p.A. (the "Issuer") pursuant to the 
Agency Agreement for the English Law Notes in Physical Form (as defined below). 
References herein to the "Notes" shall be references to the Notes of this Series only and not to all Notes that may 
be issued under the Programme and shall mean: 
(i) 
in relation to any Notes represented by a global Note (a "Global Note"), units of each Specified 
Denomination in the Specified Currency; 
(ii) 
any Global Note; and 
(iii) 
any definitive Notes issued in exchange for a Global Note. 
Reference herein to NGN shall mean a Temporary Global Note or a Permanent Global Note in either case where 
the applicable Final Terms specify the Notes as being in NGN form. 
The Notes and the Coupons (as defined below) have the benefit of an agency agreement dated 19 July 2023 (as 
amended, restated, modified and/or supplemented from time to time, the "Agency Agreement for the English 
Law Notes in Physical Form" or the "Agency Agreement") made between the Issuer, BNP Paribas, Luxembourg 
Branch as issuing and principal paying agent (the "Agent", which expression shall include any additional or 
successor issuing and principal paying agent) and the other paying agents named therein (together with the Agent, 
the "Paying Agents", which expression shall include any additional or successor paying agents). 
The Final Terms for this Note (or the relevant provisions thereof) are set out in Part A of the Final Terms attached 
to or endorsed on this Note which complete these Terms and Conditions (the "Conditions"). References to the 
"applicable Final Terms" are, unless otherwise stated, to Part A of the Final Terms (or the relevant provisions 
thereof) attached to or endorsed on this Note. 
Interest-bearing definitive Notes have interest coupons (the "Coupons") and, in the case of Notes which (when 
issued in definitive form) have more than 27 interest payments remaining, talons for further Coupons (the 
"Talons") attached on issue. Any reference herein to Coupons shall, unless the context otherwise requires, be 
deemed to include a reference to Talons attached on issue. Global Notes do not have Coupons or Talons attached 
on issue. 
Any reference to "Noteholders" or "holders" in relation to any Notes shall mean the holders of the Notes and 
shall, in relation to any Notes represented by a Global Note, be construed as provided below. Any reference herein 
to "Couponholders" shall mean the holders of the Coupons and shall, unless the context otherwise requires, 
include the holders of the Talons. 
As used herein, "Tranche" means Notes which are identical in all respects (including as to listing and admission 
to trading) and "Series" means a Tranche of Notes together with any further Tranche or Tranches of Notes which 
are (i) expressed to be consolidated and form a single series and (ii) identical in all respects (including as to listing 
and admission to trading) except for their respective Issue Dates, Interest Commencement Dates and/or Issue 
Prices. 
The Noteholders and the Couponholders are entitled to the benefit of a deed of covenant (as modified and/or 
supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the "Deed of Covenant") dated 19 July 2023 and made by the 
Issuer. The original of the Deed of Covenant is held by the common depositary for Euroclear (as defined below) 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg (as defined below).

--- Page 91 ---
Terms and Conditions for the English Law Notes in Physical Form 
10261197493-v5 
- 80 - 
47-41058517 
 
Copies of the Agency Agreement for the English Law Notes in Physical Form and the Deed of Covenant are 
available for inspection or collection free of charge during normal business hours by a Noteholder upon reasonable 
request at the specified office for the time being of each of the Paying Agents. If the Notes are to be admitted to 
trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange the applicable Final Terms will be published 
on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com) and copies thereof are available for viewing 
at the registered office of the Issuer and of the Agent and copies may be obtained from those offices. If this Note 
is neither admitted to trading on a regulated market in the European Economic Area nor offered in the European 
Economic Area or in the UK in circumstances where a prospectus is required to be published under the Prospectus 
Regulation, the applicable Final Terms will only be obtainable by a Noteholder holding one or more Notes and 
such Noteholder must produce evidence satisfactory to the Issuer and the relevant Paying Agent as to its holding 
of such Notes and identity. The expression "Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. The 
Noteholders and the Couponholders are deemed to have notice of, and are entitled to the benefit of, all the 
provisions of the Agency Agreement for the English Law Notes in Physical Form, the Deed of Covenant and the 
applicable Final Terms which are applicable to them. The statements in the Conditions include summaries of, and 
are subject to, the detailed provisions of the Agency Agreement for the English Law Notes in Physical Form. 
Words and expressions defined in the Agency Agreement for the English Law Notes in Physical Form or used in 
the applicable Final Terms shall have the same meanings where used in these Conditions unless the context 
otherwise requires or unless otherwise stated and provided that, in the event of inconsistency between the Agency 
Agreement for the English Law Notes in Physical Form and the applicable Final Terms, the applicable Final 
Terms will prevail. 
In these Conditions, euro means the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic and 
monetary union pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, as amended. 
1. 
FORM, DENOMINATION AND TITLE 
The Notes are in bearer form and, in the case of definitive Notes, serially numbered, in the Specified 
Currency and the Specified Denomination(s). In the case of a Series of Notes with more than one 
Specified Denomination, Notes of one Specified Denomination will not be exchangeable for Notes of 
another Specified Denomination.  
This Note may be a Fixed Rate Note, a Reset Rate Note, a Floating Rate Note or a Zero Coupon Note, a 
combination of any of the foregoing or any other kind of Note, depending upon the Interest Basis shown 
hereon. 
Definitive Notes are issued with Coupons attached, unless they are Zero Coupon Notes in which case 
references to Coupons, Couponholders and Talons in the Conditions are not applicable. 
Title to the Notes and the Coupons will pass by delivery. The holder of any Note or Coupon shall (except 
as otherwise required by law) be treated as its absolute owner for all purposes (whether or not it is overdue 
and regardless of any notice of ownership, trust or any other interest therein, any writing thereon or any 
notice of any previous loss or theft thereof) and no Person shall be liable for so treating such holder.  
2. 
STATUS OF SENIOR NOTES 
This Condition 2 (Status of Senior Notes) is applicable only to Senior Notes. The Senior Notes and the 
Coupons constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the Issuer and 
rank and will rank pari passu, without any preference among themselves. The payment obligations of 
the Issuer under the Senior Notes and the Coupons shall, save for such obligations as may be preferred 
by provisions of law that are both mandatory and of general application, at all times rank at least equally 
with its other present and future unsecured and unsubordinated obligations (other than obligations 
ranking, in accordance with their terms and/or by provision of law, junior to the Senior Notes from time 
to time (including Senior Non-Preferred Notes and any further obligations permitted by law to rank junior 
to the Senior Notes following the Issue Date)) if any. 
Each holder of a Senior Note unconditionally and irrevocably waives any right of set-off, counterclaim, 
abatement and netting or other similar remedy which it might otherwise have under the laws of any 
jurisdiction in respect of such Senior Note. 
For the avoidance of doubt, there is no negative pledge provision in these Conditions.

--- Page 92 ---
Terms and Conditions for the English Law Notes in Physical Form 
10261197493-v5 
- 81 - 
47-41058517 
 
2.A 
STATUS OF SENIOR NON-PREFERRED NOTES 
This Condition 2.A (Status of Senior Non-Preferred Notes) is applicable only to Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes. Senior Non-Preferred Notes (notes intending to qualify as strumenti di debito chirografario di 
secondo livello of the Issuer, as defined under, and for the purposes of, Article 12-bis and Article 91, 
section 1-bis, letter c-bis of the Consolidated Banking Law, and any relevant implementing regulation 
which may be enacted for such purposes by any Relevant Authority), any related Receipts and Coupons 
constitute direct, unconditional, unsecured and non-preferred obligations of the Issuer, ranking: 
(i) 
junior to Senior Notes and any other unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer 
which rank, or are expressed to rank by their terms and/or by provision of law, senior to the 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes, including claims arising from the excluded liabilities within the 
meaning of Article 72a(2) of the CRR, and  
(ii) 
pari passu without any preferences among themselves, and with all other present or future 
obligations of the Issuer which do not rank or are not expressed by their terms to rank junior or 
senior to the relevant Senior Non-Preferred Notes, and  
(iii) 
in priority to any subordinated instruments and to the claims of shareholders of the Issuer, 
pursuant to Article 91, section 1-bis, letter c-bis of the Consolidated Banking Law, as amended 
from time to time, and any relevant implementing regulation which may be enacted for such 
purposes by any Relevant Authority.  
Each holder of a Senior Non-Preferred Note unconditionally and irrevocably waives any right of set-off, 
counterclaim, abatement or other similar remedy which it might otherwise have under the laws of any 
jurisdiction in respect of such Senior Non-Preferred Note. 
For the avoidance of doubt, there is no negative pledge provision in these Conditions. 
3. 
STATUS OF SUBORDINATED NOTES 
This Condition 3 (Status of Subordinated Notes) is applicable only to Subordinated Notes. Subordinated 
Notes and any related Coupons constitute direct, unsecured and subordinated obligations of the Issuer 
and, subject to the provisions of this Condition 3 (Status of Subordinated Notes), will at all times rank 
pari passu without any preference among themselves. In relation to each Series of Subordinated Notes, 
all Subordinated Notes of such Series will be treated equally and all amounts paid by the Issuer in respect 
of principal and interest thereon will be paid pro rata on all Subordinated Notes of such Series. 
Subject to the following paragraph, in the event of the winding up, dissolution, liquidation or bankruptcy 
(including, inter alia, Liquidazione Coatta Amministrativa of the Issuer), the payment obligations of the 
Issuer under each Series of Subordinated Notes, and the relative Coupons as the case may be, will rank 
in right of payment: 
(i) 
after unsubordinated unsecured creditors (including depositors and any holder of Senior Notes, 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes and their respective Coupons) of the Issuer and all other creditors 
of the Issuer holding instruments that are less subordinated than the Subordinated Notes 
(including any subordinated instruments that have ceased to qualify, in their entirety, as own 
fund items (elementi di fondi propri)) but  
(ii) 
at least pari passu with all other subordinated obligations of the Issuer which do not rank or are 
not expressed by their terms to rank junior or senior to such Series of Subordinated Notes and  
(iii) 
in priority to the claims of shareholders of the Issuer and to the claims of creditors of the Issuer 
holding instruments that are more subordinated than the Subordinated Notes (including 
Additional Tier 1 Capital). 
In the event the Subordinated Notes of any Series do not qualify or cease to qualify, in their entirety, as 
own funds, such Subordinated Notes shall rank subordinated and junior to unsubordinated unsecured 
creditors (including depositors and holders of Senior Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes) of the Issuer, 
pari passu among themselves and with the Issuer's obligations in respect of any other subordinated 
instruments which have ceased to qualify, in their entirety, as own funds items (elementi di fondi propri) 
and with all other present and future subordinated obligations of the Issuer which do not rank or are not 
expressed by their terms and/or by mandatory and/or overriding provisions of law to rank junior or senior

--- Page 93 ---
Terms and Conditions for the English Law Notes in Physical Form 
10261197493-v5 
- 82 - 
47-41058517 
 
to the relevant Subordinated Notes (which have so ceased to qualify, in their entirety, as own funds in 
the form of Tier 2 Capital) and senior to own fund items (elementi di fondi propri). 
Each holder of a Subordinated Note unconditionally and irrevocably waives any right of set off, 
counterclaim, abatement or other similar remedy which it might otherwise have, under the laws of any 
jurisdiction, in respect of such Subordinated Note. 
For the avoidance of doubt, there is no negative pledge in these Conditions. 
4. 
DEFINITIONS  
For the purposes of these Conditions: 
"Accrual Yield" has the meaning given in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Additional Business Centre(s)" means the city or cities specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Additional Financial Centre(s)" means the city or cities specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Applicable Banking Regulations" means at any time the laws, regulations, requirements, guidelines 
and policies relating to capital adequacy then in effect in the Republic of Italy and applicable to the Issuer 
or the Group (as the case may be), including, without limitation to the generality of the foregoing, the 
BRRD, the BRRD Implementing Decrees, the CRD IV, the Prudential Regulations for Banks of the Bank 
of Italy, the Banking Reform Package, the SRM Regulation and those other regulations, requirements, 
guidelines and policies relating to capital adequacy then in effect of the Relevant Authority or of the 
European Banking Authority or of the institutions of the European Union and/or the Republic of Italy 
(whether or not such requirements, guidelines or policies have the force of law and whether or not they 
are applied generally or specifically to the Issuer or the Group). 
"Authorised Signatory" has the meaning given to such term in the Agency Agreement for the English 
Law Notes in Physical Form and "Authorised Signatories" shall be construed accordingly. 
"Bank of Italy" means the Bank of Italy and/or any competent authority which at a future date carries 
out the functions which the Bank of Italy performs as at the Issue Date. 
"Banking Reform Package" means (i) Regulation (EU) 2019/876 of the European Parliament and of 
the Council of 20 May 2019 amending Regulation (EU) No. 575/2013 as regards the leverage ratio, the 
net stable funding ratio, requirements for Own Funds and eligible liabilities, counterparty credit risk, 
market risk, exposure to central counterparties, exposures to collective investment undertakings, large 
exposures, reporting and disclosure requirements, and Regulation (EU) No. 648/2012, (ii) Regulation 
(EU) 2019/877 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 amending Regulation 
(EU) No. 806/2014 as regards the loss-absorbing and recapitalisation capacity of credit institutions and 
investment firms, (iii) Directive (EU) 2019/878 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 
May 2019 amending Directive 2013/36/EU as regards exempted entities, financial holding companies, 
mixed financial holding companies, remuneration, supervisory measures and powers and capital 
conservation measures, and (iv) Directive (EU) 2019/879 of the European Parliament and of the Council 
of 20 May 2019 amending Directive 2014/59/EU as regards the loss-absorbing and recapitalisation 
capacity of credit institutions and investment firms and Directive 98/26/EC. 
"Broken Amount" has the meaning given in the applicable Final Terms. 
"BRRD" means Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council providing for the 
establishment of an EU-wide framework for the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and 
investment firms, as amended, supplemented or replaced from time to time (including, without limitation, 
as a consequence of the entry into force of the Banking Reform Package). 
"BRRD Implementing Decrees" means the Legislative Decrees No. 180 and 181 of 16 November 2015, 
implementing the BRRD in the Republic of Italy, as amended or replaced from time to time (including, 
without limitation, as a consequence of the transposition of the Banking Reform Package into Italian 
law).

--- Page 94 ---
Terms and Conditions for the English Law Notes in Physical Form 
10261197493-v5 
- 83 - 
47-41058517 
 
"Business Day" means: 
(i) 
in relation to any sum payable in euro, a TARGET Settlement Day and a day on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments generally in each (if any) 
Additional Business Centre; and 
(ii) 
in relation to any sum payable in a currency other than euro, a day on which commercial banks 
and foreign exchange markets settle payments generally in the Principal Financial Centre of the 
relevant currency and in each (if any) Additional Business Centre. 
"Business Day Convention", in relation to any particular date, has the meaning given in the applicable 
Final Terms and, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, may have different meanings in relation 
to different dates and, in this context, the following expressions shall have the following meanings: 
(i) 
"Following Business Day Convention" means that the relevant date shall be postponed to the 
first following day that is a Business Day; 
(ii) 
"Modified Following Business Day Convention" or "Modified Business Day Convention" 
means that the relevant date shall be postponed to the first following day that is a Business Day 
unless that day falls in the next calendar month in which case that date will be the first preceding 
day that is a Business Day; 
(iii) 
"Preceding Business Day Convention" means that the relevant date shall be brought forward 
to the first preceding day that is a Business Day; 
(iv) 
"FRN Convention", "Floating Rate Convention" or "Eurodollar Convention" means that 
each relevant date shall be the date which numerically corresponds to the preceding such date 
in the calendar month which is the number of months specified in the applicable Final Terms as 
the Specified Period after the calendar month in which the preceding such date occurred 
provided, however, that: 
(a) 
if there is no such numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which any 
such date should occur, then such date will be the last day which is a Business Day in 
that calendar month; 
(b) 
if any such date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, then such 
date will be the first following day which is a Business Day unless that day falls in the 
next calendar month, in which case it will be the first preceding day which is a Business 
Day; and 
(c) 
if the preceding such date occurred on the last day in a calendar month which was a 
Business Day, then all subsequent such dates will be the last day which is a Business 
Day in the calendar month which is the specified number of months after the calendar 
month in which the preceding such date occurred; and 
(v) 
"No Adjustment" means that the relevant date shall not be adjusted in accordance with any 
Business Day Convention. 
"Calculation Agent" means the Agent or such other Person specified in the applicable Final Terms as 
the party responsible for calculating the Rate(s) of Interest, Reset Rate and Interest Amount(s). 
"Calculation Amount" has the meaning given to it in the applicable Final Terms. 
"CMS Rate" means the applicable swap rate for swap transactions in the Reference Currency with a 
maturity of the Designated Maturity, expressed as a percentage, which appears on the Relevant Screen 
Page as at the Relevant Time on the Interest Determination Date in question, all as determined by the 
Calculation Agent and subject to Condition 7.10 (Benchmark Replacement). 
"CMS Reference Banks" means (i) where the Reference Currency is Euro, the principal office of five 
major banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market, (ii) where the Reference Currency is Sterling, the 
principal London office of five major banks in the London inter-bank market, (iii) where the Reference 
Currency is U.S. dollars, the principal New York City office of five major banks in the New York City 
inter-bank market, or (iv) in the case of any other Reference Currency, the principal Relevant Financial 
Centre office of five major banks in the Relevant Financial Centre inter-bank market, in each case 
selected by the Issuer.

--- Page 95 ---
Terms and Conditions for the English Law Notes in Physical Form 
10261197493-v5 
- 84 - 
47-41058517 
 
"Consolidated Banking Law" means Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993, as amended or 
supplemented from time to time (including, without limitation, as a consequence of the transposition of 
the Banking Reform Package into Italian law). 
"Consolidated Net Banking Income" means, in respect of any Relevant Period, the consolidated net 
banking income of the Group for that Relevant Period. 
"Consolidated Profit Before Tax" means, in respect of any Relevant Period, the consolidated profit 
before tax from continuing operations of the Group for that Relevant Period. 
"Consolidated Total Assets" means, in respect of any Relevant Period, the consolidated total assets of 
the Group as at the end date of that Relevant Period. 
"Coupon Sheet" means, in respect of a Note, a coupon sheet relating to the Note. 
"CRD IV" means the CRD IV Directive, the CRR and any CRD IV Implementing Measures. 
"CRD IV Directive" means Directive 2013/36 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 
2013 on access to the activity of credit institutions and the prudential supervision of credit institutions 
and investment firms, amending Directive 2002/87/EC and repealing Directives 2006/48/EC and 
2006/49/EC, as amended, supplemented or replaced from time to time, including any successor 
regulations (including, without limitation, as a consequence of the entry into force of the Banking Reform 
Package). 
"CRD IV Implementing Measures" means any regulatory capital rules implementing the CRD IV 
Directive or the CRR which may from time to time be introduced, including, but not limited to, delegated 
or implementing acts (regulatory technical standards) adopted by the European Commission, national 
laws and regulations, and regulations and guidelines issued by the Bank of Italy, the European Banking 
Authority or any other relevant authority, which are applicable to the Issuer (on a standalone basis) or, if 
applicable, the Issuer together with its consolidated Subsidiaries (on a consolidated basis) and which 
prescribe the requirements to be fulfilled by financial instruments for inclusion in the regulatory capital 
of the Issuer (on a standalone or, if applicable, consolidated basis). 
"CRR" means Regulation No. 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 2013 
on prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment firms amending Regulation No. 
648/2012, as amended, supplemented or replaced from time to time, including any successor regulations 
(including, without limitation, as a consequence of the entry into force of the Banking Reform Package). 
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount for any period of time (the 
"Calculation Period"), such day count fraction as may be specified in these Conditions or the applicable 
Final Terms and: 
(i) 
if "Actual/Actual" or "Actual/Actual (ISDA)" is specified, the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period in respect of which payment is being made divided by 365 (or, if any portion 
of that Calculation Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (i) the actual number of days in that 
portion of the Calculation Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (ii) the actual number 
of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(ii) 
if "Actual/Actual (ICMA)" is so specified, means: 
(a) 
where the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Regular Period during 
which it falls, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by the 
product of (1) the actual number of days in such Regular Period and (2) the number of 
Regular Periods in any year; and 
(b) 
where the Calculation Period is longer than one Regular Period, the sum of: 
(A) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the Regular 
Period in which it begins divided by the product of (1) the actual number of 
days in such Regular Period and (2) the number of Regular Periods in any 
year; and 
(B) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next 
Regular Period divided by the product of (1) the actual number of days in 
such Regular Period and (2) the number of Regular Periods in any year;

--- Page 96 ---
Terms and Conditions for the English Law Notes in Physical Form 
10261197493-v5 
- 85 - 
47-41058517 
 
(iii) 
If "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is specified, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period in 
respect of which payment is being made divided by 365; 
(iv) 
If "Actual/360" is specified, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period in respect of 
which payment is being made divided by 360; 
(v) 
If "30/360", "360/360" or "Bond Basis" is specified, the number of days in the Calculation 
Period in respect of which payment is being made divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis 
as follows: 
Day Count Fraction =
[360x(Y2 −Y1)] + [30x(M2 −M1)] + (D2 −D1)
360
 
Where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in which 
case D2 will be 30; and 
(vi) 
If "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is specified, the number of days in the Calculation Period 
in respect of which payment is being made divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as 
follows: 
Day Count Fraction =
[360x(Y2 −Y1)] + [30x(M2 −M1)] + (D2 −D1)
360
 
Where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30; and 
(vii) 
If "30E/360 (ISDA)" is specified, the number of days in the Calculation Period in respect of 
which payment is being made divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction =
[360x(Y2 −Y1)] + [30x(M2 −M1)] + (D2 −D1)
360
 
Where:

--- Page 97 ---
Terms and Conditions for the English Law Notes in Physical Form 
10261197493-v5 
- 86 - 
47-41058517 
 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless (i) that 
day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; 
and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the Termination 
Date or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30, 
provided, however, that in each such case the number of days in the Calculation Period is calculated from 
and including the first day of the Calculation Period to but excluding the last day of the Calculation 
Period. 
"Deed of Covenant" means the deed of covenant dated 19 July 2023 relating to the Notes executed by 
the Issuer, as amended, restated or supplemented from time to time. 
"Designated Maturity" has the meaning given in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Early Redemption Amount (Regulatory Event)" means in respect of any Note, its principal amount 
or such other amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with, the applicable Final 
Terms. 
"Early Redemption Amount (Tax)" means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or such other 
amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with, the applicable Final Terms. 
"Early Termination Amount" means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or such other amount 
as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with, these Conditions or the applicable Final Terms. 
"EURIBOR" means, in respect of any specified currency and any specified period, the interest rate 
benchmark known as the Euro-zone interbank offered rate which is calculated and published by a 
designated distributor (currently Thomson Reuters) in accordance with the requirements from time to 
time of the European Money Markets Institute (or any other person which takes over the administration 
of that rate) based on estimated interbank borrowing rates for a number of designated currencies and 
maturities which are provided, in respect of each such currency, by a panel of contributor banks (details 
of historic EURIBOR rates can be obtained from the designated distributor). 
"Euro" or "euro" or "€" means the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of the European 
economic and monetary union, and as defined in Article 2 of Council Regulation (EC) No. 974/98 of 3 
May 1998 on the introduction of the euro, as amended. 
"Event of Default" has the meaning given to that term in Condition 15 (Events of Default). 
"Extraordinary Resolution" has the meaning given to that term in the Agency Agreement for the 
English Law Notes in Physical Form. 
"Final Redemption Amount" means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount. 
"Fixed Coupon Amount" has the meaning given in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Group" means the Issuer and its Subsidiaries from time to time (if any). 
"Indebtedness" means any present or future indebtedness (whether principal, premium, interest or other 
amounts) for money borrowed or raised including (without limitation) any indebtedness for or in respect 
of:

--- Page 98 ---
Terms and Conditions for the English Law Notes in Physical Form 
10261197493-v5 
- 87 - 
47-41058517 
 
(i) 
amounts raised by acceptance under any acceptance credit facility; 
(ii) 
amounts raised under any note purchase facility; 
(iii) 
the amount of any liability in respect of leases or hire purchase contracts which would, in 
accordance with applicable law and generally accepted accounting principles, be treated as 
finance or capital leases; 
(iv) 
the amount of any liability in respect of any purchase price for assets or services the payment 
of which is deferred for a period in excess of 60 days; and 
(v) 
amounts raised under any other transaction (including, without limitation, any forward sale or 
purchase agreement) having the commercial effect of a borrowing.  
"Initial Rate of Interest" has the meaning given in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Interest Amount" means, in relation to a Note and an Interest Period, the amount of interest payable in 
respect of that Note for that Interest Period. 
"Interest Basis" has the meaning given in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Interest Commencement Date" means the Issue Date of the Notes or such other date as may be 
specified as the Interest Commencement Date in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Interest Determination Date" has the meaning given in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Interest Payment Date" means the date or dates specified as such in, or determined in accordance with 
the provisions of, the applicable Final Terms and, if a Business Day Convention is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms: 
(i) 
as the same may be adjusted in accordance with the relevant Business Day Convention; or 
(ii) 
if the Business Day Convention is the FRN Convention, Floating Rate Convention or Eurodollar 
Convention and an interval of a number of calendar months is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms as being the Specified Period, each of such dates as may occur in accordance with the 
FRN Convention, Floating Rate Convention or Eurodollar Convention at such Specified Period 
of calendar months following the Interest Commencement Date (in the case of the first Interest 
Payment Date) or the previous Interest Payment Date (in any other case). 
"Interest Period" means each period from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date or any 
Interest Payment Date to (but excluding) the next Interest Payment Date. 
"Intermediate Holding Company" means a Subsidiary of the Issuer which itself has one or more 
Subsidiaries. 
"ISDA Definitions" means the 2000 ISDA Definitions (as amended and updated as at the date of issue 
of the first Tranche of the Notes of the relevant Series (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) as 
published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc.) or, if so specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, the 2006 ISDA Definitions (as amended and updated as at the date of issue of 
the first Tranche of the Notes of the relevant Series (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) as 
published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc.) or the 2021 ISDA Interest Rate 
Derivatives Definitions (as amended and updated as at the date of issue of the first Tranche of the Notes 
of the relevant Series (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) as published by the International Swaps 
and Derivatives Association, Inc.). 
"Issue Date" has the meaning given in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Issue Price" has the meaning given in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Italian Civil Code" means the Italian civil code, enacted by Royal Decree No. 262 of 16 March 1942, 
as subsequently amended and supplemented. 
"Liquidazione Coatta Amministrativa" means Liquidazione Coatta Amministrativa as described in 
Articles 80 to 94 of the Consolidated Banking Law.

--- Page 99 ---
Terms and Conditions for the English Law Notes in Physical Form 
10261197493-v5 
- 88 - 
47-41058517 
 
"Margin" has the meaning given in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Material Subsidiary" means, at any time, any Subsidiary of the Issuer which accounts for 15 per cent. 
or more of the Consolidated Net Banking Income, Consolidated Profit Before Tax or Consolidated Total 
Assets and, for these purposes: 
(i) 
the Consolidated Net Banking Income, Consolidated Profit Before Tax or Consolidated Total 
Assets will be determined by reference to the then latest audited consolidated annual financial 
statements of the Group (the "Relevant Consolidated Financial Statements"); 
(ii) 
the net banking income or operating income, profit from continuing operations before tax and 
total assets of each Subsidiary (the "Relevant Line Items") will be determined by reference to 
the annual financial statements (whether or not audited) of such Subsidiary and those of its own 
Subsidiaries (if any), in each case upon which the Relevant Consolidated Financial Statements 
have been based, 
provided that: (A) if a Person has become a Subsidiary of the Issuer after the date on which the Relevant 
Consolidated Financial Statements have been prepared, the Relevant Line Items of that Subsidiary will 
be determined by reference to its latest annual financial statements (whether or not audited) and will be 
consolidated if that Subsidiary itself has Subsidiaries; (B) the Relevant Consolidated Financial 
Statements and the corresponding financial statements of each relevant Subsidiary will be adjusted 
(where appropriate) to reflect fairly the Consolidated Net Banking Income, Consolidated Total Assets or 
Consolidated Profit Before Tax and/or the Relevant Line Items of, or represented by, any Person, 
business or assets subsequently acquired or disposed of; and (C) where an Intermediate Holding 
Company has one or more Subsidiaries at least one of which, under this definition, is a Material 
Subsidiary, then such Intermediate Holding Company will be deemed to be a Material Subsidiary. 
"Maturity Date" has the meaning given in the applicable Final Terms.  
"Maturity Period" means the period from and including the Issue Date to but excluding the Maturity 
Date. 
"Maximum Redemption Amount" has the meaning given in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Mid Swap Benchmark Rate" means EURIBOR if the Specified Currency is euro or the rate indicated 
in the applicable Final Terms if the Specified Currency is not Euro. 
"Mid Swap Maturity" has the meaning specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Mid Swap Rate" means for any Reset Period the arithmetic mean of the bid and offered rates for the 
fixed leg payable with a frequency equivalent to the frequency with which scheduled interest payments 
are payable on the Notes during the relevant Reset Period (calculated on the day count basis customary 
for fixed rate payments in the Specified Currency as determined by the Calculation Agent) of a fixed-
for-floating interest rate swap transaction in the Specified Currency which transaction (a) has a term 
equal to the relevant Reset Period commencing on the relevant Reset Date; (b) is in an amount that is 
representative for a single transaction in the relevant market at the relevant time with an acknowledged 
dealer of good credit in the swap market; and (c) has a floating leg based on the Mid Swap Benchmark 
Rate for the Mid Swap Maturity as specified in the Final Terms (calculated on the day count basis 
customary for floating rate payments in the Specified Currency as determined by the Calculation Agent). 
"Minimum Redemption Amount" has the meaning given in the applicable Final Terms. 
"MREL Disqualification Event" means that, by reason of the introduction of or a change in MREL 
Requirements, which was not reasonably foreseeable by the Issuer at the Issue Date of the Senior Notes 
or Senior Non-Preferred Notes, all or part of the aggregate outstanding nominal amount of such Series 
of Senior Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes are or will be excluded fully or partially from the eligible 
liabilities available to meet the MREL Requirements. For the avoidance of doubt: (a) the exclusion of a 
Series of Senior Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes from the MREL Requirements due to the 
remaining maturity of such Senior Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes being less than any period 
prescribed thereunder, does not constitute a MREL Disqualification Event; and (b) the exclusion of all 
or some of a Series of Senior Notes from the MREL Requirements due to there being insufficient 
headroom for such Senior Notes within a prescribed exception to the otherwise applicable general 
requirements for eligible liabilities does not constitute an MREL Disqualification Event.

--- Page 100 ---
Terms and Conditions for the English Law Notes in Physical Form 
10261197493-v5 
- 89 - 
47-41058517 
 
"MREL Requirements" means the laws, regulations, requirements, guidelines, rules, standards and 
policies relating to minimum requirements for Own Funds and eligible liabilities and/or loss-absorbing 
capacity instruments applicable to the Issuer and/or the Group, from time to time (including any 
applicable transitional provisions), including, without limitation to the generality of the foregoing, any 
delegated or implementing acts (such as regulatory technical standards) adopted by the European 
Commission and any regulations, requirements, guidelines, rules, standards and policies relating to 
minimum requirements for Own Funds and eligible liabilities and/or loss absorbing capacity instruments 
adopted by the Republic of Italy or the Relevant Authority or a Relevant Resolution Authority from time 
to time (whether or not such requirements, guidelines or policies are applied generally or specifically to 
the Issuer and/or the Group), as any of the preceding laws, regulations, requirements, guidelines, rules, 
standards, policies or interpretations may be amended, supplemented, superseded or replaced from time 
to time. 
"Optional Redemption Amount (Call)" means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or such 
other amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with, the applicable Final Terms. 
"Optional Redemption Amount (Put)" means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or such 
other amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with, the applicable Final Terms. 
"Optional Redemption Date(s) (Call)" has the meaning given in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Optional Redemption Date(s) (Put)" has the meaning given in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Own Funds" has the meaning given to such term (or any equivalent or successor term) in the Applicable 
Banking Regulations. 
"Participating Member State" means a Member State of the European Union which adopts the Euro as 
its lawful currency in accordance with the Treaty. 
"Payment Business Day" means: 
(i) 
if the currency of payment is Euro, any day which is: 
(a) 
a day on which banks in the relevant place of presentation are open for presentation 
and payment of bearer debt securities and for dealings in foreign currencies; and 
(b) 
in the case of payment by transfer to an account, a TARGET Settlement Day and a day 
on which dealings in foreign currencies may be carried on in each (if any) Additional 
Financial Centre; or 
(ii) 
if the currency of payment is not euro, any day which is: 
(a) 
a day on which banks in the relevant place of presentation are open for presentation 
and payment of bearer debt securities and for dealings in foreign currencies; and 
(b) 
in the case of payment by transfer to an account, a day on which dealings in foreign 
currencies may be carried on in the Principal Financial Centre of the currency of 
payment and in each (if any) Additional Financial Centre. 
"Person" means any individual, company, corporation, firm, partnership, joint venture, association, 
organisation, state or agency of a state or other entity, whether or not having separate legal personality. 
"Principal Financial Centre" means, in relation to any currency, the principal financial centre for that 
currency provided, however, that: 
(i) 
in relation to Euro, it means the principal financial centre of such Member State of the European 
Union as is selected (in the case of a payment) by the payee or (in the case of a calculation) by 
the Calculation Agent; and 
(ii) 
in relation to Australian dollars, it means either Sydney or Melbourne and, in relation to New 
Zealand dollars, it means either Wellington or Auckland; in each case as is selected (in the case 
of a payment) by the payee or (in the case of a calculation) by the Calculation Agent.

--- Page 101 ---
Terms and Conditions for the English Law Notes in Physical Form 
10261197493-v5 
- 90 - 
47-41058517 
 
"Prudential Regulations for Banks" means the Bank of Italy's Disposizioni di Vigilanza per le Banche, 
as set out in Bank of Italy Circular No. 285 of 17 December 2013, as amended or supplemented from 
time to time, including any successor regulations. 
"Put Option Notice" means a notice which must be delivered to a Paying Agent by any Noteholder 
wanting to exercise a right to redeem a Note at the option of the Noteholder. 
"Put Option Receipt" means a receipt issued by a Paying Agent to a depositing Noteholder upon deposit 
of a Note with such Paying Agent by any Noteholder wanting to exercise a right to redeem a Note at the 
option of the Noteholder. 
"Rate of Interest" means the rate or rates (expressed as a percentage per annum) of interest payable in 
respect of the Notes specified in the applicable Final Terms or calculated or determined in accordance 
with the provisions of these Conditions and/or the applicable Final Terms. 
"Redemption Amount" means, as appropriate, the Final Redemption Amount, the Early Redemption 
Amount (Tax), the Early Redemption Amount (Regulatory Event), the Optional Redemption Amount 
(Call), the Optional Redemption Amount (Put), the Early Termination Amount. 
"Reference Banks" has the meaning given in the applicable Final Terms or, if none, four (or if the 
Principal Financial Centre is Helsinki, five) major banks selected by the Issuer in the market that is most 
closely connected with the Reference Rate or Mid Swap Rate. 
"Reference Bond" means for any Reset Period a government security or securities issued by the state 
responsible for issuing the Specified Currency (which, if the Specified Currency is Euro, shall be 
Germany) selected by the Issuer on the advice of an investment bank of international repute as having 
an actual or interpolated maturity comparable with the relevant Reset Period that would be utilised, at 
the time of selection and in accordance with customary financial practice, in pricing new issues of 
corporate debt securities denominated in the same currency as the Notes and of a comparable maturity 
to the relevant Reset Period. 
"Reference Currency" has the meaning given in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Reference Price" has the meaning given in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Reference Rate" means EURIBOR, CMS Rate, SONIA, SONIA COMPOUNDED Index or €STR as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms in respect of the currency and period specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
"Regular Period" means: 
(i) 
in the case of Notes where interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular payments, 
each period from and including the Interest Commencement Date to but excluding the first 
Interest Payment Date and each successive period from and including one Interest Payment Date 
to but excluding the next Interest Payment Date; 
(ii) 
in the case of Notes where, apart from the first Interest Period, interest is scheduled to be paid 
only by means of regular payments, each period from and including a Regular Date falling in 
any year to but excluding the next Regular Date, where "Regular Date" means the day and 
month (but not the year) on which any Interest Payment Date falls; and 
(iii) 
in the case of Notes where, apart from one Interest Period other than the first Interest Period, 
interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular payments, each period from and 
including a Regular Date falling in any year to but excluding the next Regular Date, where 
"Regular Date" means the day and month (but not the year) on which any Interest Payment 
Date falls other than the Interest Payment Date falling at the end of the irregular Interest Period. 
"Regulatory Event" is deemed to have occurred if there is a change in the regulatory classification of 
the Subordinated Notes after the Issue Date that would be likely to result in their exclusion, in whole or 
in part, from Tier 2 Capital of the Issuer (save where the exclusion from Tier 2 Capital of the Issuer is 
solely (A) a result of any applicable limitation on the amount of such capital, or (B) in accordance with 
any requirement that recognition of such Series of Subordinated Notes as part of the Tier 2 Capital of the 
Issuer be amortised in the five years prior to maturity of such Notes, in either (A) or (B) in accordance 
with Applicable Banking Regulations in force as at the date on which agreement is reached to issue the 
first Tranche of such Series of Subordinated Notes) and, in case the Regulatory Event has occurred before

--- Page 102 ---
Terms and Conditions for the English Law Notes in Physical Form 
10261197493-v5 
- 91 - 
47-41058517 
 
five years from the issue of the relevant Subordinated Notes, both of the following conditions are met: 
(i) the Relevant Authority considers such a change to be sufficiently certain and (ii) the Issuer 
demonstrates to the satisfaction of the Relevant Authority that the change in regulatory classification of 
the Notes was not reasonably foreseeable as at the Issue Date. 
"Relevant Authority" means the Bank of Italy or such other authority (including the European Central 
Bank) having primary responsibility for prudential oversight and supervision of the Issuer and/or the 
Group from time to time and/or, as the context may require, the "resolution authority" or the "competent 
authority" as defined under BRRD and/or SRM Regulation. 
"Relevant Date" means, in relation to any payment, whichever is the later of (A) the date on which such 
payment first becomes due and (B) if the full amount payable has not been received in the Principal 
Financial Centre of the currency of payment by the Agent on or prior to such due date, the date on which, 
the full amount having been so received, notice to that effect shall have been given to the Noteholders 
and Couponholders in accordance with Condition 16 (Notices). 
"Relevant Financial Centre" has the meaning given in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Relevant Indebtedness" means any Indebtedness which is in the form of or represented by, any note, 
bond, debenture, debenture stock, loan stock, certificate or other security or instrument which is, or is 
capable of being, traded, quoted, listed or dealt in on any stock exchange, over-the-counter or other 
securities market. 
"Relevant Jurisdiction" means the Republic of Italy or any political subdivision or any authority thereof 
or therein having power to tax or any other jurisdiction or any political subdivision or any authority 
thereof or therein having power to tax to which the Issuer becomes subject in respect of payments made 
by it of principal and interest on the Notes or the Coupons. 
"Relevant Period" means a twelve-month period ending on 31 December in each year. 
"Relevant Resolution Authority" means the Italian resolution authority, the Single Resolution Board 
(SRB) established pursuant to the SRM Regulation and/or any other authority entitled to exercise or 
participate in the exercise of any Resolution Power or Bail-in Power from time to time. 
"Relevant Screen Page" means the page, section or other part of a particular information service 
(including, without limitation, the Reuters Money 3000 Service) specified as the Relevant Screen Page 
in the applicable Final Terms, or such other page, section or other part as may replace it on that 
information service or such other information service, in each case, as may be nominated by the Person 
providing or sponsoring the information appearing there for the purpose of displaying rates or prices 
comparable to the Reference Rate. 
"Relevant Swap Rate" means: 
(i) 
where the Reference Currency is Euro, the mid market annual swap rate determined on the basis 
of the arithmetic mean of the bid and offered rates for the annual fixed leg, calculated on a 
30/360 day count basis, of a fixed for floating euro interest rate swap transaction with a term 
equal to the Designated Maturity commencing on the first day of the relevant Interest Period 
and in a Representative Amount with an acknowledged dealer of good credit in the swap market, 
where the floating leg, in each case calculated on an Actual/360 day count basis, is equivalent 
to EUR EURIBOR Reuters (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) with a designated maturity 
determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to standard market practice and/or the ISDA 
Definitions; 
(ii) 
where the Reference Currency is any other currency or if the Final Terms specify otherwise, the 
mid-market swap rate as determined in accordance with the applicable Final Terms. 
"Relevant Time" has the meaning given in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Representative Amount" means an amount that is representative for a single transaction in the relevant 
market at the relevant time; 
"Reserved Matter" has the meaning given to it in the Agency Agreement for the English Law Notes in 
Physical Form and includes any proposal to change any date fixed for payment of principal or interest in 
respect of the Notes, to reduce the amount of principal or interest payable on any date in respect of the 
Notes, to alter the method of calculating the amount of any payment in respect of the Notes or the date

--- Page 103 ---
Terms and Conditions for the English Law Notes in Physical Form 
10261197493-v5 
- 92 - 
47-41058517 
 
for any such payment, to change the currency of any payment under the Notes or to change the quorum 
requirements relating to meetings or the majority required to pass an Extraordinary Resolution. 
"Reset Date(s)" means the date(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Reset Determination Date" means, for each Reset Period, the date as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms falling on or before the commencement of such Reset Period on which the rate of interest applying 
during such Reset Period will be determined. 
"Reset Margin" means the margin specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Reset Period" means the period from (and including) the first Reset Date to (but excluding) the Maturity 
Date if there is only one Reset Period or, if there is more than one Reset Period, each period from (and 
including) one Reset Date (or the first Reset Date) to (but excluding) the next Reset Date up to (but 
excluding) the Maturity Date. 
"Reset Rate" for any Reset Period means the sum of (i) the applicable Reset Reference Rate and (ii) the 
applicable Reset Margin (rounded down to four decimal places, with 0.00005 being rounded down) (with 
such sum converted (if necessary) from a basis equivalent to the duration of the Reset Reference Rate to 
a basis equivalent to the frequency with which scheduled interest payments are payable on the Notes 
during the relevant Reset Period (such calculation to be made by the Calculation Agent)). 
"Reset Rate Screen Page" has the meaning specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Reset Rate Time" has the meaning specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Reset Reference Rate" means either: 
(i) 
if "Mid Swaps" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Mid Swap Rate displayed on the 
Reset Rate Screen Page at or around the Reset Rate Time on the relevant Reset Determination 
Date for such Reset Period; or 
(ii) 
if "Reference Bond" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the annual yield to maturity or 
interpolated yield to maturity (on the relevant day count basis) of the relevant Reference Bond, 
assuming a price for such Reference Bond (expressed as a percentage of its nominal amount) 
equal to the relevant Reference Bond Price. 
"Senior Non-Preferred Notes" means Notes specified in the applicable Final Terms as Senior Non-
Preferred obligations and intended to qualify as strumenti di debito chirografario di secondo livello of 
the Issuer, as defined under, and for the purposes of, Article 12-bis and Article 91, section 1-bis, letter c-
bis of the Consolidated Banking Law, as amended from time to time, and any relevant implementing 
regulation which may be enacted for such purposes by any Relevant Authority. 
"Senior Note" means a Note specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Senior Notes (and, for the 
avoidance of doubt, excludes Senior Non-Preferred Notes). 
"Specified Currency" has the meaning given in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Specified Denomination(s)" has the meaning given in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Specified Office" has the meaning given in the Agency Agreement for the English Law Notes in 
Physical Form. 
"Specified Period" has the meaning given in the applicable Final Terms. 
"SRM" means the Single Resolution Mechanism established pursuant to Regulation (EU) No. 806/2014 
of the European Parliament and of the Council, as amended, supplemented or replaced from time to time. 
"SRM Regulation" means Regulation (EU) No. 806/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council 
of 15 July 2014 establishing uniform rules and a uniform procedure for the resolution of credit institutions 
and certain investment firms in the framework of a Single Resolution Mechanism and a Single Resolution 
Fund and amending Regulation (EU) No 1093/2010, as amended or replaced from time to time (including 
by SRM II Regulation).

--- Page 104 ---
Terms and Conditions for the English Law Notes in Physical Form 
10261197493-v5 
- 93 - 
47-41058517 
 
"SRM II Regulation" means Regulation (EU) No. 2019/877 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 20 May 2019 amending Regulation (EU) No. 806/2014 as regards the loss absorbing and 
recapitalisation capacity of credit institutions and investment firms; 
"Subordinated Notes" means Notes specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, being Notes 
intended to qualify as Tier 2 Capital for regulatory capital purposes, in accordance with Part II, Chapter 
1 of the Prudential Regulations for Banks and Article 63 of the CRR. 
"Subsidiary" means, in respect of the Issuer at any particular time, any società controllata, as defined 
in Article 2359 of the Italian Civil Code. 
"T2" means the real time gross settlement system operated by the Eurosystem, or any successor system. 
"Talon" means a talon for further Coupons. 
"TARGET Settlement Day" means any day on which T2 is open for the settlement of payments in euro. 
"Tier 2 Capital" has the meaning given to it by (i) the Relevant Authority from time to time or (ii) any 
regulation, directive or other binding rules, standards or decisions adopted by the institutions of the 
European Union from time to time, as applicable. 
"Treaty" means the Treaty establishing the European Union, as amended. 
"Zero Coupon Note" means a Note specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Save as the context otherwise provides, any reference in these Conditions to a provision of law, decree 
or regulation is a reference to that provision as amended or re-enacted. 
5. 
FIXED RATE NOTE PROVISIONS 
5.1 
Application 
This Condition 5 (Fixed Rate Note Provisions) is applicable to the Notes only if (a) the Fixed Rate Note 
Provisions are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable or (b) if a Change of Interest 
Basis is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable, in respect of those Interest Periods 
for which the Fixed Rate Note Provisions are stated to apply. 
5.2 
Interest Accrual 
The Notes bear interest from the Interest Commencement Date at the Rate of Interest (in respect of the 
relevant Interest Period) payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date, subject as provided in 
Condition 10 (Payments). Each Note will cease to bear interest from the due date for final redemption 
unless, upon due presentation, payment of the Redemption Amount is improperly withheld or refused or 
unless default is otherwise made in respect of payment. In such events, it will continue to bear interest in 
accordance with this Condition 5 (both before and after judgment) until whichever is the earlier of: 
(i) 
the day on which all amounts due in respect of such Note up to that day are received by or on 
behalf of the relevant Noteholder; and 
(ii) 
the day falling seven calendar days after the Agent has notified the Noteholders of receipt of all 
sums due in respect of all Notes up to that seventh calendar day (except to the extent that there 
is any subsequent default in payment in accordance with these Conditions) in accordance with 
Condition 16 (Notices). 
5.3 
Fixed Coupon Amount 
The amount of interest payable in respect of each Note for any Interest Period shall be the relevant Fixed 
Coupon Amount and, if the Notes are in more than one Specified Denomination, shall be the relevant 
Fixed Coupon Amount in respect of the relevant Specified Denomination. 
5.4 
Calculation of Interest Amount 
The amount of interest payable in respect of each Note for any period for which a Fixed Coupon Amount 
is not specified shall be calculated by applying the Rate of Interest to the Calculation Amount, 
multiplying the product by the relevant Day Count Fraction and rounding the resulting figure to the

--- Page 105 ---
Terms and Conditions for the English Law Notes in Physical Form 
10261197493-v5 
- 94 - 
47-41058517 
 
nearest sub-unit of the Specified Currency (half a sub-unit being rounded upwards). For this purpose a 
"sub-unit" means, in the case of any currency other than Euro, the lowest amount of such currency that 
is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, in the case of Euro, means one cent. 
Where the Specified Denomination of a Fixed Rate Note comprises more than one Calculation Amount, 
the Amount of interest payable in respect of such Fixed Rate Note shall be the aggregate of the amounts 
(determined in the manner provided above) for each Calculation Amount comprising the Specified 
Denomination without any further rounding. 
6. 
RESET RATE NOTE PROVISIONS 
6.1 
Application 
This Condition 6 (Reset Rate Note Provisions) is applicable to the Notes only if the applicable Final 
Terms specifies the Interest Basis reset on Reset Date as being applicable. 
6.2 
Interest Basis Reset Provisions 
The Notes will bear interest in respect of the Reset Period (or, if there is more than one Reset Period, 
each successive Reset Period thereafter) at the relevant Reset Rate (to be determined by the Calculation 
Agent on the relevant Reset Determination Date in accordance with this Condition 6) payable, subject as 
provided in Condition 10 (Payments), in arrears on the Interest Payment Date(s) specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
6.3 
Interest Accrual 
The Notes bear interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date to (but excluding) the 
Reset Date (or, if there is more than one Reset Period, the first Reset Date occurring after the Issue Date), 
at the Initial Rate of Interest payable, subject as provided in Condition 10 (Payments), in arrear on the 
Interest Payment Date specified in the applicable Final Terms. Each Note will cease to bear interest from 
the due date for final redemption unless, upon due presentation, payment of the Redemption Amount is 
improperly withheld or refused or unless default is otherwise made in respect of payment. In such events, 
it will continue to bear interest in accordance with this Condition 6 (Reset Rate Note Provisions) (both 
before and after judgment) until whichever is the earlier of: 
(i) 
the day on which all amounts due in respect of such Note up to that day are received by or on 
behalf of the relevant Noteholder; and 
(ii) 
the day falling seven calendar days after the Agent has notified the Noteholders of receipt of all 
sums due in respect of all Notes up to that seventh calendar day (except to the extent that there 
is any subsequent default in payment in accordance with these Conditions) in accordance with 
Condition 16 (Notices). 
6.4 
Reset Rate Screen Page 
Subject to Condition 7.10 (Benchmark Replacement), if the Reset Rate Screen Page is not available, the 
Issuer shall request each of the Reference Banks to provide the Calculation Agent with its offered 
quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reset Reference Rate at approximately the 
Reset Rate Time on the Reset Determination Date in question. If two or more of the Reference Banks 
provide the Calculation Agent with offered quotations, the Reset Rate for the relevant Reset Period shall 
be the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded 
upwards) of the offered quotations plus or minus (as appropriate) the applicable Reset Margin (if any), 
all as determined by the Calculation Agent. If on any Reset Determination Date only one or none of the 
Reference Banks provides the Calculation Agent with an offered quotation as provided in the foregoing 
provisions of this Condition 6, the Reset Rate shall be determined as at the last preceding Reset 
Determination Date or, in the case of the first Reset Determination Date, the Reset Rate shall be the 
Initial Rate of Interest. 
6.5 
Calculation of Interest Amount 
The Calculation Agent will calculate the Interest Amount payable on the Reset Rate Notes for each 
relevant period (in the case of Interest Periods falling after the Reset Date, as soon as practicable after 
the time at which the Reset Reference Rate is to be determined in relation to such Reset Interest Period) 
by applying the Initial Rate of Interest or the applicable Reset Rate (as the case may be) to the Calculation 
Amount and multiplying the product by the relevant Day Count Fraction and rounding the resulting 
figure to the nearest sub-unit of the Specified Currency (half a sub-unit being rounded upwards). For this

--- Page 106 ---
Terms and Conditions for the English Law Notes in Physical Form 
10261197493-v5 
- 95 - 
47-41058517 
 
purpose a "sub-unit" means, in the case of any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such 
currency that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, in the case of euro, means 
one cent. Where the Specified Denomination of a Note comprises more than one Calculation Amount, 
the Interest Amount payable in respect of such Note shall be aggregate of the amounts (determined in 
the manner provided above) for each Calculation Amount comprising the Specified Denomination 
without any further rounding. 
6.6 
Publication 
The Calculation Agent will cause each Reset Rate and each Interest Amount determined by it for each 
Reset Period, together with the relevant Interest Payment Date, and any other amount(s) required to be 
determined by it together with any relevant payment date(s) to be notified to the Issuer, Paying Agents 
and each competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system (if any) by which the Notes have 
then been admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation as soon as practicable after such determination but 
(in the case of each Reset Rate, Interest Amount and Interest Payment Date) in any event not later than 
the first day of the relevant Interest Period. Notice thereof shall also promptly be given to the Noteholders. 
The Calculation Agent will be entitled to recalculate any Interest Amount (on the basis of the foregoing 
provisions) in the event of an extension or shortening of the relevant Interest Period. If the Calculation 
Amount is less than the minimum Specified Denomination the Calculation Agent shall not be obliged to 
publish each Interest Amount but instead may publish only the Calculation Amount and the Interest 
Amount in respect of a Note having the minimum Specified Denomination. 
6.7 
Notifications 
All notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, calculations, quotations and decisions given, 
expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of this Condition 6 (Reset Rate Note Provisions) by the 
Calculation Agent will (in the absence of manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the Paying Agents, 
the Noteholders and the Couponholders and (subject as aforesaid) no liability to any such Person will 
attach to the Calculation Agent in connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties 
and discretions for such purposes. 
7. 
FLOATING RATE AND CMS LINKED INTEREST NOTE PROVISIONS 
7.1 
Application 
This Condition 7 (Floating Rate and CMS Linked Interest Note Provisions) is applicable to the Notes 
only if (a) the Floating Rate Note Provisions or CMS Linked Interest Note Provisions are specified in 
the applicable Final Terms as being applicable or (b) if a Change of Interest Basis is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms as being applicable, in respect of those periods for which the Floating Rate Note 
Provisions or the CMS Linked Interest Note Provisions are stated to apply. 
7.2 
Interest Accrual 
The Notes bear interest from the Interest Commencement Date at the Rate of Interest payable in arrear 
on each Interest Payment Date, subject as provided in Condition 10 (Payments). Each Note will cease to 
bear interest from the due date for final redemption unless, upon due presentation, payment of the 
Redemption Amount is improperly withheld or refused or unless default is otherwise made in respect of 
payment. In such events, it will continue to bear interest in accordance with this Condition 7 (Floating 
Rate and CMS Linked Interest Note Provisions) (both before and after judgment) until whichever is the 
earlier of: 
(i) 
the day on which all amounts due in respect of such Note up to that day are received by or on 
behalf of the relevant Noteholder; and 
(ii) 
the day falling seven calendar days after the Agent has notified the Noteholders of receipt of all 
sums due in respect of all Notes up to that seventh calendar day (except to the extent that there 
is any subsequent default in payment in accordance with these Conditions) in accordance with 
Condition 16 (Notices). 
7.3 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes other than CMS Linked and SONIA Linked 
Interest Notes 
If Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate(s) 
of Interest is/are to be determined and "CMS Rate" or "SONIA" is not specified as the Reference Rate 
in the applicable Final Terms, the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes for each Interest Period will be

--- Page 107 ---
Terms and Conditions for the English Law Notes in Physical Form 
10261197493-v5 
- 96 - 
47-41058517 
 
determined by the Calculation Agent on the following basis, subject to Condition 7.10 (Benchmark 
Replacement): 
(i) 
if the Reference Rate is a composite quotation or customarily supplied by one entity, the 
Calculation Agent will determine the Reference Rate which appears on the Relevant Screen 
Page as of the Relevant Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date; 
(ii) 
in any other case, the Calculation Agent will determine the arithmetic mean of the Reference 
Rates which appear on the Relevant Screen Page as of the Relevant Time on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date; 
(iii) 
if, in the case of (i) above, such rate does not appear on that page or, in the case of (ii) above, 
fewer than two such rates appear on that page or if, in either case, the Relevant Screen Page is 
unavailable: 
(a) 
the Issuer will request the principal Relevant Financial Centre office of each of the 
Reference Banks to provide the Calculation Agent with a quotation of the Reference 
Rate at approximately the Relevant Time on the Interest Determination Date to prime 
banks in the Relevant Financial Centre interbank market in an amount that is 
representative for a single transaction in that market at that time; and 
(b) 
the Calculation Agent will determine the arithmetic mean of such quotations; and 
(iv) 
if fewer than two such quotations are provided as requested, the Calculation Agent will 
determine the arithmetic mean of the rates (being the nearest to the Reference Rate, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent) quoted by major banks in the Principal Financial Centre 
of the Specified Currency, selected by the Issuer, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (local time in the 
Principal Financial Centre of the Specified Currency) on the first day of the relevant Interest 
Period for loans in the Specified Currency to leading European banks for a period equal to the 
relevant Interest Period and in an amount that is representative for a single transaction in that 
market at that time, 
and the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be the sum of the Margin and the rate or (as the 
case may be) the arithmetic mean so determined; provided, however, that if the Calculation Agent is 
unable to determine a rate or (as the case may be) an arithmetic mean in accordance with the above 
provisions in relation to any Interest Period, the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes during such 
Interest Period will be the sum of the Margin and the rate or (as the case may be) the arithmetic mean 
last determined in relation to the Notes in respect of a preceding Interest Period. 
7.4 
 
(i) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes which are CMS Linked Interest Notes 
If Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate(s) 
of Interest is/are to be determined and "CMS Rate" is specified as the Reference Rate in the applicable 
Final Terms, the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes for each Interest Period will be determined by 
the Calculation Agent by reference to the following formula, subject to Condition 7.10 (Benchmark 
Replacement): 
CMS Rate plus Margin 
If the Relevant Screen Page is not available, the Issuer shall request each of the CMS Reference Banks 
to provide the Calculation Agent with its quotation for the Relevant Swap Rate at approximately 11.00 
a.m. (local time in the Principal Financial Centre of the Specified Currency) on the Interest Determination 
Date in question. If at least three of the CMS Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent with such 
quotation, the CMS Rate for such Interest Period shall be the arithmetic mean of such quotations, 
eliminating the highest quotation (or, in the event of equality, one of the highest) and the lowest quotation 
(or, in the event of equality, one of the lowest). 
If on any Interest Determination Date less than three or none of the CMS Reference Banks provides the 
Calculation Agent with such quotations as provided in the preceding paragraph, the CMS Rate shall be 
determined by the Calculation Agent in good faith on such commercial basis as considered appropriate 
by the Calculation Agent in its absolute discretion, in accordance with standard market practice. 
(ii) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes which are linked to SONIA

--- Page 108 ---
Terms and Conditions for the English Law Notes in Physical Form 
10261197493-v5 
- 97 - 
47-41058517 
 
This Condition 7.4(ii) is applicable to the Notes only if the Floating Rate Note Provisions are specified 
in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined, and the "Reference 
Rate" is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being "SONIA". 
Where "SONIA" is specified as the Reference Rate in the Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for each 
Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be Compounded Daily SONIA plus or minus (as specified 
in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin, all as determined by the Calculation Agent. For the purposes of 
this paragraph 7.4(ii): 
"Compounded Daily SONIA", with respect to an Interest Period, will be calculated by the Calculation 
Agent on each Interest Determination Date in accordance with the following formula, and the resulting 
percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the fourth decimal place, with 0.00005 being rounded 
upwards: 
቎ෑ൬1 + 
𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑖𝑖 x 𝑛𝑛𝑖𝑖
D
൰
𝑑𝑑𝑜𝑜
𝑖𝑖= 1
−1቏x 
D
𝑑𝑑
 
"d" means the number of calendar days in: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, the relevant 
Interest Period; or 
(ii) where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, 
the relevant Observation Period; 
"D" is the number specified in the relevant Final Terms (or, if no such number is specified, 365); 
"do" means the number of London Banking Days in: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, the relevant 
Interest Period; or 
(ii) where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, 
the relevant Observation Period; 
"i" means a series of whole numbers from one to do, each representing the relevant London Banking Day 
in chronological order from, and including, the first London Banking Day in: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, the relevant 
Interest Period; or 
(ii) where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, 
the relevant Observation Period; 
to, and including, the last London Banking Day in such period; 
"Interest Determination Date" means, in respect of any Interest Period, the date falling "p" London 
Banking Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period (or the date falling p London 
Banking Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on which the Notes are due and payable).  
"London Banking Day" means any day on which commercial banks are open for general business 
(including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in London; 
"ni" for any London Banking Day "i", in the relevant Interest Period or Observation Period (as applicable) 
is the number of calendar days from, and including, such London Banking Day "i" up to, but excluding, 
the following London Banking Day; 
"Observation Period" means, in respect of an Interest Period, the period from, and including, the date 
falling "p" London Banking Days prior to the first day of such Interest Period (and the first Interest Period

--- Page 109 ---
Terms and Conditions for the English Law Notes in Physical Form 
10261197493-v5 
- 98 - 
47-41058517 
 
shall begin on and include the Interest Commencement Date) and ending on, but excluding, the date 
which is "p" London Banking Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period (or the 
date falling "p" London Banking Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on which the Notes become due 
and payable); 
"p" for any Interest Period or Observation Period (as applicable), means the number of London Banking 
Days specified as the "Lag Period" or the "Observation Shift Period" (as applicable) in the relevant Final 
Terms or if no such period is specified, five London Banking Days; 
"SONIA Reference Rate" means, in respect of any London Banking Day, a reference rate equal to the 
daily Sterling Overnight Index Average ("SONIA") rate for such London Banking Day as provided by 
the administrator of SONIA to authorised distributors and as then published on the Relevant Screen Page 
(or if the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, as otherwise is published by such authorised distributors) 
on the London Banking Day immediately following such London Banking Day; and 
"SONIAi" means the SONIA Reference Rate for: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, the London 
Banking Day falling "p" London Banking Days prior to the relevant London Banking Day "i"; 
or 
(ii) where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, 
the relevant London Banking Day "i"; 
For the avoidance of doubt, the formula for the calculation of Compounded Daily SONIA only compounds 
the SONIA Reference Rate in respect of any London Banking Day. The SONIA Reference Rate applied to 
a day that is a non-London Banking Day will be taken by applying the SONIA Reference Rate for the 
previous London Banking Day but without compounding. 
If, in respect of any London Banking Day in the relevant Interest Period or Observation Period (as 
applicable), the Calculation Agent determines that the SONIA Reference Rate is not available on the 
Relevant Screen Page and has not otherwise been published by the relevant authorised distributors, such 
SONIA Reference Rate shall, subject to Condition 7.10 (Benchmark Replacement), be:  
(A) 
the sum of (a) the Bank of England's Bank Rate (the "Bank Rate") prevailing at close of business 
on the relevant London Banking Day; and (b) the mean of the spread of the SONIA Reference Rate 
to the Bank Rate over the previous five London Banking Days on which a SONIA Reference Rate 
has been published, excluding the highest spread (or, if there is more than one highest spread, one 
only of those highest spreads) and lowest spread (or, if there is more than one lowest spread, one 
only of those lowest spreads) to the Bank Rate; or 
(B) 
if the Bank Rate is not published by the Bank of England at close of business on the relevant London 
Banking Day, (a) the SONIA Reference Rate published on the Relevant Screen Page (or otherwise 
published by the relevant authorised distributors) for the first preceding London Banking Day on 
which the SONIA Reference Rate was published on the Relevant Screen Page (or otherwise 
published by the relevant authorised distributors) or (b) if this is more recent, the latest determined 
rate under (A). 
Subject to Condition 7.10 (Benchmark Replacement), if the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in 
accordance with the foregoing provisions of this Condition 7.4(ii), the Rate of Interest shall be (A) that 
determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date (though substituting, where a different 
Margin is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last preceding 
Interest Period, the Margin relating to the relevant Interest Period, in place of the Margin relating to that 
last preceding Interest Period) or (B) if there is no such preceding Interest Determination Date, the initial 
Rate of Interest which would have been applicable to the Notes for the first Interest Period had the Notes 
been in issue for a period equal in duration to the scheduled first Interest Period but ending on (and 
excluding) the Interest Commencement Date (but applying the Margin applicable to the first Interest 
Period). 
(iii) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes which are linked to €STR 
This Condition 7.4(iii) is applicable to the Notes only if the Floating Rate Note Provisions are specified 
in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant

--- Page 110 ---
Terms and Conditions for the English Law Notes in Physical Form 
10261197493-v5 
- 99 - 
47-41058517 
 
Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined, and the "Reference 
Rate" is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being "€STR". 
Where "€STR" is specified as the Reference Rate in the Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for each Interest 
Period will, subject as provided below, be Compounded Daily €STR plus or minus (as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms) the Margin, all as determined by the Calculation Agent on each Interest 
Determination Date. For the purposes of this Condition 7.4(iii): 
"Compounded Daily €STR" means, with respect to any Interest Period, the rate of return of a daily 
compound interest investment (with the daily euro short-term rate as reference rate for the calculation of 
interest) as calculated by the Calculation Agent as at the relevant Interest Determination Date in 
accordance with the following formula (and the resulting percentage will be rounded if necessary to the 
nearest fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards): 
቎ෑ൬1 + €STR𝑖𝑖 ×  𝑛𝑛𝑖𝑖
D
൰−1
𝑑𝑑𝑜𝑜
𝑖𝑖=1
቏× D
𝑑𝑑 
where: 
"d" means the number of calendar days in: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, the relevant 
Interest Period; or 
(ii) where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, 
the relevant Observation Period; 
"D" means the number specified as such in the relevant Final Terms (or, if no such number is specified, 
360); 
"do" means the number of TARGET Settlement Days in: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, the relevant 
Interest Period; or 
(ii) where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, 
the relevant Observation Period; 
the "€STR reference rate", in respect of any TARGET Settlement Day, is a reference rate equal to the 
daily euro short-term rate ("€STR") for such TARGET Settlement Day as provided by the European 
Central Bank as the administrator of €STR (or any successor administrator of such rate) on the website 
of the European Central Bank (or, if no longer published on its website, as otherwise published by it or 
provided by it to authorised distributors and as then published on the Relevant Screen Page or, if the 
Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, as otherwise published by such authorised distributors) on the 
TARGET Settlement Day immediately following such TARGET Settlement Day (in each case, at the 
time specified by, or determined in accordance with, the applicable methodology, policies or guidelines, 
of the European Central Bank or the successor administrator of such rate); 
"€STRi" means the €STR reference rate for: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, the TARGET 
Settlement Day falling "p" TARGET Settlement Days prior to the relevant TARGET Settlement 
Day "i"; or 
(ii)  where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, 
the relevant TARGET Settlement Day "i". 
"i" is a series of whole numbers from one to "do", each representing the relevant TARGET Settlement 
Day in chronological order from, and including, the first TARGET Settlement Day in:

--- Page 111 ---
Terms and Conditions for the English Law Notes in Physical Form 
10261197493-v5 
- 100 - 
47-41058517 
 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, the relevant 
Interest Period; or 
(ii) where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, 
the relevant Observation Period; 
to, and including, the last TARGET Settlement Day in such period; 
"Interest Determination Date" means, in respect of any Interest Period, the date falling "p" TARGET 
Settlement Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period (or the date falling "p" 
TARGET Settlement Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on which the Notes are due and payable); 
"ni" for any TARGET Settlement Day "i" in the relevant Interest Period or Observation Period (as 
applicable), means the number of calendar days from (and including) such TARGET Settlement Day 
"i" up to (but excluding) the following TARGET Settlement Day; 
"Observation Period" means, in respect of any Interest Period, the period from (and including) the 
date falling "p" TARGET Settlement Days prior to the first day of the relevant Interest Period (and the 
first Interest Period shall begin on and include the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the 
date falling "p" TARGET Settlement Days prior to (A) (in the case of an Interest Period) the Interest 
Payment Date for such Interest Period or (B) such earlier date, if any, on which the Notes become due 
and payable; and 
"p" for any latest Interest Period or Observation Period (as applicable), means the number of TARGET 
Settlement Days specified as the "Lag Period" or the "Observation Shift Period" (as applicable) in the 
relevant Final Terms or, if no such period is specified, five TARGET Settlement Days. 
Subject to Condition 7.10 (Benchmark Replacement), if, where any Rate of Interest is to be calculated 
pursuant to this Condition 7.4(iii), in respect of any TARGET Settlement Day in respect of which an 
applicable €STR reference rate is required to be determined, such €STR reference rate is not made 
available on the Relevant Screen Page and has not otherwise been published by the relevant authorised 
distributors, then the €STR reference rate in respect of such TARGET Settlement Day shall be the €STR 
reference rate for the first preceding TARGET Settlement Day in respect of which €STR reference rate 
was published by the European Central Bank on its website, as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
Subject to Condition 7.10 (Benchmark Replacement), if the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in 
accordance with the foregoing provisions of this Condition 7.4(iii), the Rate of Interest shall be (A) that 
determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date (though substituting, where a different 
Margin is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last preceding 
Interest Period, the Margin relating to the relevant Interest Period, in place of the Margin relating to that 
last preceding Interest Period) or (B) if there is no such preceding Interest Determination Date, the initial 
Rate of Interest which would have been applicable to the Notes for the first Interest Period had the Notes 
been in issue for a period equal in duration to the scheduled first Interest Period but ending on (and 
excluding) the Interest Commencement Date (but applying the Margin applicable to the first Interest 
Period). 
(iv) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes which are linked to SONIA 
Compounded Index 
This Condition 7.4(iv) is applicable to the Notes only if the Floating Rate Note Provisions are specified 
in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined, and "Index 
Determination" is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
Where "Index Determination" is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, the Rate of 
Interest for each Interest Period will be the compounded daily reference rate for the relevant Interest 
Period, calculated in accordance with the following formula: 
൬𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶 𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼 𝐸𝐸𝐸𝐸𝐸𝐸
𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶 𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼 𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆−1൰ X 𝑁𝑁𝑁𝑁𝑁𝑁𝑁𝑁𝑁𝑁𝑁𝑁𝑁𝑁𝑁𝑁𝑁𝑁
𝑑𝑑
 
and rounded to the Relevant Decimal Place, plus or minus the Margin (if any), all as determined and 
calculated by the Calculation Agent, where:

--- Page 112 ---
Terms and Conditions for the English Law Notes in Physical Form 
10261197493-v5 
- 101 - 
47-41058517 
 
"Compounded Index Start" means the SONIA Compounded Index value on the Start date; 
"d" is the number of calendar days from (and including) the day on which the Compounded Index Start 
is determined to (but excluding) the day on which the Compounded Index End is determined; 
"End" means the day falling the Relevant Number of Index Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for 
such Interest Period, or such other date on which the relevant payment of interest falls due (but which by 
its definition or the operation of the relevant provisions is excluded from such Interest Period); 
"Index Days" means London Banking Days; 
"Numerator" means 365; 
"Relevant Decimal Place" shall, unless otherwise specified in the Final Terms, be the fifth decimal place, 
rounded up or down, if necessary (with 0.000005 being rounded upwards); and 
"Relevant Number" is as specified in the applicable Final Terms, but, unless otherwise specified shall 
be five. 
"SONIA Compounded Index" means the Compounded Daily SONIA rate as published at 10:00 
(London time) by the Bank of England (or a successor administrator of SONIA) on the Bank of England's 
Interactive Statistical Database or on the Relevant Screen Page (if indicated in the relevant Final Terms), 
or any successor source; 
"Start" means the day falling the Relevant Number of Index Days prior to the first day of the relevant 
Interest Period. 
If, with respect to any Interest Period, the relevant rate is not published for the SONIA Compounded 
Index either on the Start or End date, then the Calculation Agent shall calculate the rate of interest for 
that Interest Period as if Index Determination was not specified in the applicable Final Terms and as if 
Compounded Daily SONIA had been specified instead in the Final Terms, and in each case "Observation 
Shift" had been specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, and where the 
Observation Period for the purposes of that definition in Condition 7.4(ii) shall be deemed to be the same 
as the Relevant Number specified in the Final Terms and where the Relevant Screen Page will be 
determined by the Issuer. For the avoidance of doubt, if (i) a Benchmark Event has occurred, the 
provisions of Condition 7.10 (Benchmark Replacement) shall apply. 
7.5 
ISDA Determination 
If ISDA Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate(s) of 
Interest is/are to be determined, the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes for each Interest Period will 
be the sum of the Margin and the relevant ISDA Rate where "ISDA Rate" in relation to any Interest 
Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) that would be 
determined by the Calculation Agent under an interest rate swap transaction if the Calculation Agent 
were acting as Calculation Agent for that interest rate swap transaction under the terms of an agreement 
incorporating the ISDA Definitions and under which: 
(i) 
the Floating Rate Option (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms; 
(ii) 
the Designated Maturity (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is a period specified in the 
applicable Final Terms; and 
(iii) 
the relevant Reset Date (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
7.6 
Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest 
If any Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
then the Rate of Interest shall in no event be greater than the maximum or be less than the minimum so 
specified.

--- Page 113 ---
Terms and Conditions for the English Law Notes in Physical Form 
10261197493-v5 
- 102 - 
47-41058517 
 
7.7 
Calculation of Interest Amount 
The Calculation Agent will, as soon as practicable after the time at which the Rate of Interest is to be 
determined in relation to each Interest Period, calculate the Interest Amount payable in respect of each 
Note for such Interest Period. The Interest Amount will be calculated by applying the Rate of Interest for 
such Interest Period to the Calculation Amount during such Interest Period and multiplying the product 
by the relevant Day Count Fraction and rounding the resulting figure to the nearest sub-unit of the 
Specified currency (half a sub-unit being rounded upwards). For this purpose a "sub-unit" means, in the 
case of any currency other than Euro, the lowest amount of such currency that is available as legal tender 
in the country of such currency and, in the case of Euro, means one cent. Where the Specified 
Denomination of a Floating Rate Note or CMS Linked Interest Note comprises more than one Calculation 
Amount, the Interest Amount payable in respect of such Note shall be the aggregate of the amounts 
(determined in the manner provided above) for each Calculation Amount comprising the Specified 
Denomination without any further rounding. 
7.8 
Publication 
The Calculation Agent will cause each Rate of Interest and Interest Amount determined by it, together 
with the relevant Interest Payment Date, and any other amount(s) required to be determined by it together 
with any relevant payment date(s) to be notified to the Issuer, the Paying Agents and each competent 
authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system (if any) by which the Notes have then been admitted 
to listing, trading and/or quotation as soon as practicable after such determination but (in the case of each 
Rate of Interest, Interest Amount and Interest Payment Date) in any event not later than the first day of 
the relevant Interest Period. Notice thereof shall also promptly be given to the Noteholders. The 
Calculation Agent will be entitled to recalculate any Interest Amount (on the basis of the foregoing 
provisions) in the event of an extension or shortening of the relevant Interest Period. If the Calculation 
Amount is less than the minimum Specified Denomination the Calculation Agent shall not be obliged to 
publish each Interest Amount but instead may publish only the Calculation Amount and the Interest 
Amount in respect of a Note having the minimum Specified Denomination. 
7.9 
Notifications 
All notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, calculations, quotations and decisions given, 
expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of this Condition 7 by the Calculation Agent will (in the 
absence of manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the Paying Agents, the Noteholders and the 
Couponholders and (subject as aforesaid) no liability to any such Person will attach to the Calculation 
Agent in connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions for such 
purposes. 
7.10 
Benchmark Replacement 
Notwithstanding the provisions in Conditions 6 (Reset Rate Note Provisions) and 7 (Floating Rate Notes 
and CMS Linked Interest Note Provisions), if the Issuer in consultation with the Agent (or the person 
specified in the applicable Final Terms as the party responsible for calculating the Rate of Interest and 
the Interest Amount(s)) determines that a Benchmark Event has occurred in relation to an Original 
Reference Rate when any Rate of Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) remains to be 
determined by such Original Reference Rate, then the following provisions shall apply: 
(1) 
the Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours to appoint, as soon as reasonably practicable, an 
Independent Adviser to determine (acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner) a Successor Rate (as defined below) or, alternatively, if there is no Successor Rate, an 
Alternative Benchmark Rate no later than 5 Business Days prior to the Reset Determination 
Date or Interest Determination Date (as applicable) relating to the next succeeding Reset Period 
or Interest Period (as applicable) (the "IA Determination Cut-off Date") for purposes of 
determining the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes for all future Reset Periods or Interest 
Periods (as applicable) (subject to the subsequent operation of this Condition 7.10); 
(2) 
if the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser, or the Independent Adviser appointed 
by it fails to determine a Successor Rate or an Alternative Benchmark Rate prior to the IA 
Determination Cut-off Date, then the Issuer (acting in good faith and a commercially reasonable 
manner) may determine a Successor Rate or, if there is no Successor Rate, an Alternative 
Benchmark Rate no later than 2 Business Days prior to the Reset Determination Date or Interest 
Determination Date (as applicable) relating to the next succeeding Reset Period or Interest 
Period (as applicable);

--- Page 114 ---
Terms and Conditions for the English Law Notes in Physical Form 
10261197493-v5 
- 103 - 
47-41058517 
 
(3) 
if a Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Benchmark Rate is determined in 
accordance with the preceding provisions, such Successor Rate or, failing which, Alternative 
Benchmark Rate shall be the Reference Rate or Mid-Swap Benchmark Rate (as applicable) in 
relation to the Notes for all future Reset Periods or Interest Periods (as applicable) (subject to 
the subsequent operation of this Condition 7.10); provided, however, that if sub-paragraph (2) 
applies and the Issuer is unable or unwilling to determine a Successor Rate or an Alternative 
Benchmark Rate prior to the Reset Determination Date or Interest Determination Date (as 
applicable) relating to the next succeeding Reset Period or Interest Period (as applicable), the 
Rate of Interest applicable to such next succeeding Reset Period or Interest Period shall be equal 
to the Rate of Interest last determined in relation to the Notes in respect of a preceding Reset 
Period or Interest Period as applicable (which may be the Initial Rate of Interest) (though 
substituting, where a different Margin is to be applied to the relevant Reset Period or Interest 
Period from that which applied to the last preceding Reset Period or Interest Period, the Margin 
relating to the relevant Reset Period or Interest Period, in place of the Margin relating to that 
last preceding Reset Period or Interest Period); for the avoidance of doubt, the proviso in this 
sub-paragraph (3) shall apply to the relevant Interest Period or Reset Period (as applicable) only 
and any subsequent Interest Periods or Reset Periods (as applicable) are subject to the 
subsequent operation of, and to adjustment as provided in, this Condition 7.10; 
(4) 
if the Independent Adviser or the Issuer determines a Successor Rate or, failing which, an 
Alternative Benchmark Rate in accordance with the above provisions, the Independent Adviser 
or the Issuer (as the case may be) may also, following consultation with the Agent (or the person 
specified in the applicable Final Terms as the party responsible for calculating the Rate of 
Interest and the Interest Amount(s)), specify changes to the Day Count Fraction, Relevant 
Screen Page, Business Day Convention, Business Days, Reset Determination Date, Interest 
Determination Date and/or the definition of Mid Swap Benchmark Rate or Reference Rate 
applicable to the Notes, and the method for determining the fallback rate in relation to the Notes, 
in order to follow market practice in relation to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Benchmark 
Rate, which changes shall apply to the Notes for all future Reset Periods or Interest Periods (as 
applicable) (subject to the subsequent operation of this Condition 7.10). If the Independent 
Adviser (in consultation with the Issuer) or the Issuer (as applicable), determines that an 
Adjustment Spread is required to be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Benchmark 
Rate (as applicable) and determines the quantum of, or a formula or methodology for 
determining, such Adjustment Spread, then such Adjustment Spread shall be applied to the 
Successor Rate or the Alternative Benchmark Rate (as applicable). If the Independent Adviser 
or the Issuer (as applicable) is unable to determine the quantum of, or a formula or methodology 
for determining, such Adjustment Spread, then such Successor Rate or Alternative Benchmark 
Rate (as applicable) will apply without an Adjustment Spread. For the avoidance of doubt, the 
Agent shall, at the direction and expense of the Issuer, effect such consequential amendments 
to the Agency Agreement for the English Law Notes in Physical Form and these Conditions as 
may be required in order to give effect to this Condition 7.10. No Noteholder consent shall be 
required in connection with effecting the Successor Rate or Alternative Benchmark Rate (as 
applicable) or such other changes, including for the execution of any documents or other steps 
by the Agent (if required); and 
(5) 
following the determination of any Successor Rate or Alternative Benchmark Rate, the Issuer 
shall promptly give notice thereof and of any changes pursuant to subparagraph (4) above to the 
Agent and the Noteholders. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 7.10: (i) no Successor Rate or Alternative 
Benchmark Rate (as applicable) will be adopted, and no other amendments to the terms of the Notes will 
be made pursuant to this Condition 7.10, if and to the extent that, in the determination of the Issuer, the 
same could reasonably be expected to prejudice the qualification of the Notes as: (A) in the case of Senior 
Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes, satisfying the MREL Requirements; (B) in the case of 
Subordinated Notes, Tier 2 Capital for regulatory capital purposes of the Issuer and/or the Group; and/or 
(ii) in the case of Senior Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes only, no Successor Rate or Alternative 
Benchmark Rate (as applicable) will be adopted, and no other amendments to the terms of the Notes will 
be made pursuant to this Condition 7.10, if and to the extent that, in the determination of the Issuer, the 
same could reasonably be expected to result in the Relevant Authority or, if applicable, the Relevant 
Resolution Authority treating a Reset Date or an Interest Payment Date as the effective maturity of the 
Notes, rather than the relevant Maturity Date. 
For the purposes of this Condition 7.10:

--- Page 115 ---
Terms and Conditions for the English Law Notes in Physical Form 
10261197493-v5 
- 104 - 
47-41058517 
 
"Adjustment Spread" means a spread (which may be positive or negative) or formula or methodology 
for calculating a spread, which the Independent Adviser (in consultation with the Issuer) or the Issuer (as 
applicable), determines and is the spread, formula or methodology which: 
(i) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended in relation to the replacement of the 
Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body; or 
(ii) 
in the case of a Successor Rate for which no such recommendation has been made or in the case 
of an Alternative Benchmark Rate, the Independent Adviser (in consultation with the Issuer) or 
the Issuer (as applicable) determines is recognised or acknowledged as being in customary 
market usage in international debt capital markets transactions which reference the Original 
Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced by the Successor Rate or the Alternative 
Benchmark Rate (as applicable); or (if the Independent Adviser or the Issuer, as applicable, 
determines that no such spread is in customary market usage) the Independent Adviser (in 
consultation with the Issuer) or the Issuer (as applicable) determines is recognised or 
acknowledged as being the industry standard for over-the-counter derivative transactions which 
reference the Original Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced by the Successor Rate 
or the Alternative Benchmark Rate (as the case may be). 
"Alternative Benchmark Rate" means the rate that the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) 
determines has replaced the Original Reference Rate in customary market usage in the international debt 
capital markets for the purposes of determining rates of interest in respect of Eurobonds denominated in 
the Specified Currency and of a comparable duration to the relevant Interest Period or Reset Period (as 
applicable), or, if the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) determines that there is no such 
rate, such other rate as the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) determines in its discretion 
(acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) is most comparable to the Original 
Reference Rate. 
"Benchmark Event" means: 
(i) 
the Original Reference Rate ceasing to be published for a period of at least 5 Business Days or 
ceasing to exist or being subject to a material change; 
(ii) 
a public statement by the administrator of the Original Reference Rate that it will cease 
publishing the Original Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely (in circumstances where no 
successor administrator has been appointed that will continue publication of the Original 
Reference Rate), provided that a Benchmark Event will occur on the date which is the later of 
(a) the date of the public statement referenced herein and (b) the date on which the administrator 
ceases publishing the Original Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely; or 
(iii) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference Rate, that 
the Original Reference Rate has been or will be permanently or indefinitely discontinued, 
provided that a Benchmark Event will occur on the date which is the later of (a) the date of the 
public statement referenced herein and (b) the date on which the Original Reference Rate has 
been permanently or indefinitely discontinued; or 
(iv) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference Rate that the 
Original Reference Rate is no longer representative of its relevant underlying market; or 
(v) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference Rate, an 
insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator of the Original Reference Rate, a 
resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator of the Original Reference Rate or a 
court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator of the 
Original Reference Rate, which states that the administrator of the Original Reference Rate has 
ceased or will, within a specified period of time, cease to provide the Original Reference Rate 
permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of cessation, there is no successor 
administrator that will continue to provide the Original Reference Rate and further provided 
that a Benchmark Event will occur on the date which is the later of (a) the date of the public 
statement referenced herein and (b) the date on which the administrator ceases to provide the 
Original Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely; 
(vi) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference Rate as a 
consequence of which the Original Reference Rate will be prohibited from being used or that 
its use will be subject to restrictions or adverse consequences either generally, or in respect of

--- Page 116 ---
Terms and Conditions for the English Law Notes in Physical Form 
10261197493-v5 
- 105 - 
47-41058517 
 
the Notes, provided that a Benchmark Event will occur on the date which is the later of (a) the 
date of the public statement referenced herein and (b) the date on which the Original Reference 
Rate is prohibited from being used or its use is subject to restrictions or adverse consequences 
either generally, or in respect of the Notes; or 
(vii) 
it has become unlawful (including, without limitation, under the EU Benchmark Regulation 
(Regulation (EU) 2016/1011), as amended from time to time, if applicable) for any Paying 
Agent, Calculation Agent or the Issuer to calculate any payments due to be made to any 
Noteholder using the Original Reference Rate. 
"Independent Adviser" means an independent financial institution of international repute or other 
independent financial adviser experienced in the international capital markets, in each case appointed by 
the Issuer at its own expense. 
"Original Reference Rate" means:  
(i) 
the originally-specified benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) used to determine the Rate of 
Interest (or any component part thereof) on the Notes as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
or 
(ii) 
any Successor Rate or Alternative Benchmark Rate which has been determined in relation to 
such benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) pursuant to the operation of this Condition 7.10 
(Benchmark Replacement). 
"Relevant Nominating Body" means, in respect of a reference rate or mid-swap floating leg benchmark 
rate: 
(i) 
the central bank for the currency to which the reference rate or mid swap floating leg benchmark 
rate relates, or any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for 
supervising the administrator of the reference rate or mid swap floating leg benchmark rate; or 
(ii) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted at the 
request of (a) the central bank for the currency to which the reference rate or mid swap floating 
leg benchmark rate relates, (b) any central bank or other supervisory authority which is 
responsible for supervising the administrator of the reference rate or mid-swap floating leg 
benchmark rate, (c) a group of the aforementioned central banks or other supervisory authorities, 
or (d) the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof; and 
"Successor Rate" means the rate that the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) determines 
is a successor to or replacement of the Reference Rate or Mid-Swap Benchmark Rate (as applicable) 
which is formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body. 
8. 
CHANGE OF INTEREST BASIS 
If Change of Interest Basis is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the interest payable 
in respect of the Notes will be calculated in accordance with Condition 5 (Fixed Rate Note Provisions) 
or Condition 7 (Floating Rate and CMS Linked Interest Note Provisions), each applicable only for the 
relevant periods specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
If Change of Interest Basis is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, and Issuer's Switch 
Option is also specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may, on one or more 
occasions, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, at its option (any such option, a "Switch Option"), 
having given notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 16 (Notices) on or prior to the 
relevant Switch Option Expiry Date, change the Interest Basis of the Notes from Fixed Rate to Floating 
Rate or Floating Rate to Fixed Rate or as otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms with effect 
from (and including) the Switch Option Effective Date specified in the applicable Final Terms (including 
different Fixed Rates or Floating Rates in respect of Fixed Rate Notes or Floating Rate Notes respectively) 
to (but excluding) the Maturity Date (or, where more than one Switch Option Effective Date is specified 
in the applicable Final Terms, up to and excluding the next following Switch Option Effective Date), 
provided that (A) the Switch Option may be exercised only in respect of all the outstanding Notes, (B) 
upon exercise of a Switch Option, the Interest Basis change will be effective from (and including) the 
relevant Switch Option Effective Date until the Maturity Date (or, where more than one Switch Option 
Effective Date is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, up to and excluding the next 
following Switch Option Effective Date to the extent the related Switch Option is exercised), and (C)

--- Page 117 ---
Terms and Conditions for the English Law Notes in Physical Form 
10261197493-v5 
- 106 - 
47-41058517 
 
where a Switch Option has not been exercised prior to the relevant Switch Option Expiry Date, the Issuer 
shall no longer be entitled to exercise such Switch Option and the Interest Basis shall not change. 
"Switch Option Expiry Date" and "Switch Option Effective Date" shall mean any date specified as 
such in the applicable Final Terms provided that any date specified in the applicable Final Terms as a 
Switch Option Effective Date shall be deemed as such subject to the exercise of the relevant Switch 
Option having been notified by the Issuer pursuant to this Condition and in accordance with Condition 
16 (Notices) prior to the relevant Switch Option Expiry Date. 
9. 
ZERO COUPON NOTES PROVISIONS 
9.1 
Application 
This Condition 9 (Zero Coupon Note Provisions) is applicable to the Notes only if the Zero Coupon Note 
Provisions are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable. 
9.2 
Late Payment on Zero Coupon Notes 
If the Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note is improperly withheld or refused, 
the Redemption Amount shall thereafter be an amount equal to the sum of: 
(i) 
the Reference Price; and 
(ii) 
the product of the Accrual Yield (compounded annually) being applied to the Reference Price 
on the basis of the relevant Day Count Fraction from (and including) the Issue Date to (but 
excluding) whichever is the earlier of (a) the day on which all amounts due in respect of such 
Note up to that day are received by or on behalf of the relevant Noteholder and (b) the day 
falling seven calendar days after the Agent has notified the Noteholders of receipt of all sums 
due in respect of all Notes up to that seventh calendar day (except to the extent that there is any 
subsequent default in payment in accordance with these Conditions) in accordance with 
Condition 16 (Notices). 
10. 
PAYMENTS  
10.1 
Payments in respect of Notes 
Payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes will be made against presentation and surrender 
(or, in the case of a partial payment, endorsement) of Notes or the appropriate Coupons (as the case may 
be) at the Specified Office of any Paying Agent outside the United States by cheque drawn in the currency 
in which the payment is due on or by transfer to an account denominated in that currency (or, if that 
currency is Euro, any other account to which Euro may be credited or transferred) and maintained by the 
payee with a bank in the Principal Financial Centre of that currency (in the case of a sterling cheque, a 
town clearing branch of a bank in the City of London). Payments of interest due in respect of any Note 
other than on presentation and surrender of matured Coupons shall be made only against presentation 
and either surrender or endorsement (as appropriate) of the relevant Note. 
10.2 
Payments in New York City 
Payments of principal or interest may be made at the Specified Office of a Paying Agent in New York 
City if (i) the Issuer has appointed Paying Agents outside the United States with the reasonable 
expectation that such Paying Agents will be able to make payment of the full amount of the interest on 
the Notes in the currency in which the payment is due when due, (ii) payment of the full amount of such 
interest at the offices of all such Paying Agents is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls 
or other similar restrictions and (iii) payment is permitted by applicable United States law. 
10.3 
Payments subject to applicable laws 
All payments in respect of the Notes made in accordance with these Conditions shall be subject to: 
(i) 
any fiscal or other laws, regulations and directives applicable thereto; and  
(ii) 
any withholding or deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) 
of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the "Code") or otherwise imposed pursuant to 
Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or agreements thereunder, any official 
interpretations thereof, any intergovernmental agreement in place between the United States

--- Page 118 ---
Terms and Conditions for the English Law Notes in Physical Form 
10261197493-v5 
- 107 - 
47-41058517 
 
and another jurisdiction facilitating the implementation thereof, or (without prejudice to the 
provisions of Condition 12 (Taxation)) any law implementing an intergovernmental approach 
thereto,  
but, in each case, without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 12 (Taxation). 
No commissions or expenses shall be charged to the Noteholders or Couponholders in respect of such 
payments. 
10.4 
Surrender of unmatured Coupons 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies that the Fixed Rate Note Provisions are applicable and a Note is 
presented without all unmatured Coupons relating thereto: 
(i) 
if the aggregate amount of the missing Coupons is less than or equal to the amount of principal 
due for payment, a sum equal to the aggregate amount of the missing Coupons will be deducted 
from the amount of principal due for payment; provided, however, that if the gross amount 
available for payment is less than the amount of principal due for payment, the sum deducted 
will be that proportion of the aggregate amount of such missing Coupons which the gross 
amount actually available for payment bears to the amount of principal due for payment; 
(ii) 
if the aggregate amount of the missing Coupons is greater than the amount of principal due for 
payment: 
(a) 
so many of such missing Coupons shall become void (in inverse order of maturity) as 
will result in the aggregate amount of the remainder of such missing Coupons (the 
"Relevant Coupons") being equal to the amount of principal due for payment; 
provided, however, that where this sub-paragraph would otherwise require a fraction 
of a missing Coupon to become void, such missing Coupon shall become void in its 
entirety; and 
(b) 
a sum equal to the aggregate amount of the Relevant Coupons (or, if less, the amount 
of principal due for payment) will be deducted from the amount of principal due for 
payment; provided, however, that, if the gross amount available for payment is less 
than the amount of principal due for payment, the sum deducted will be that proportion 
of the aggregate amount of the Relevant Coupons (or, as the case may be, the amount 
of principal due for payment) which the gross amount actually available for payment 
bears to the amount of principal due for payment. 
Each sum of principal so deducted shall be paid in the manner provided in paragraph (i) above against 
presentation and (provided that payment is made in full) surrender of the relevant missing Coupons. 
10.5 
Unmatured Coupons void 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies that this Condition 10.5 is applicable or that the Floating Rate 
Note Provisions or CMS Linked Interest Note Provisions are applicable, on the due date for final 
redemption of any Note or early redemption in whole of such Note pursuant to Condition 11.2 
(Redemption for Taxation Reasons), Condition 11.3 (Redemption for Regulatory Reasons), Condition 
11.4 (Redemption at the Option of the Issuer), Condition 11.8 (Issuer Call due to a MREL 
Disqualification Event), Condition 11.9 (Redemption at the Option of Noteholders) or Condition 15 
(Events of Default), all unmatured Coupons relating thereto (whether or not still attached) shall become 
void and no payment will be made in respect thereof. 
10.6 
Payments on a Business Day 
A Note or Coupon may only be presented for payment on a day which is a Payment Business Day in the 
place of presentation. If the due date for payment in respect of any Note or Coupon is not a Payment 
Business Day in the place of presentation, the holder will not be entitled to payment of the amount due 
until the next succeeding Payment Business Day and no further interest or other payment will be made 
as a consequence of the day on which the relevant Note or Coupon may be presented for payment under 
this Condition 10 falling after the due date.

--- Page 119 ---
Terms and Conditions for the English Law Notes in Physical Form 
10261197493-v5 
- 108 - 
47-41058517 
 
10.7 
Agents 
The initial Paying Agents and their initial Specified Offices are listed below. The initial Calculation 
Agent (if any) is specified in the applicable Final Terms. The Issuer reserves the right at any time to vary 
or terminate the appointment of any Paying Agent, appoint additional or other Paying Agents and appoint 
a successor issuing and principal paying agent or Calculation Agent, provided it will at all times maintain: 
(i) 
an Agent;  
(ii) 
if a Calculation Agent is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer shall at all times 
maintain a Calculation Agent; and 
(iii) 
for so long as the Notes are listed on any stock exchange or admitted to trading by any relevant 
authority, a Paying Agent (which may be the Agent) having its Specified Office in such place 
as may be required by applicable laws and regulations or the rules and regulations of the relevant 
stock exchange. 
Notice of any change in the Paying Agents or their Specified Offices will promptly be given to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 16 (Notices). 
10.8 
Partial Payments 
If a Paying Agent makes a partial payment in respect of any Note or Coupon presented to it for payment, 
such Paying Agent will endorse thereon a statement indicating the amount and date of such payment. 
10.9 
Exchange of Talons 
On or after the maturity date of the final Coupon which is (or was at the time of issue) attached to the 
Notes, the Talon attached to such Note may be exchanged at the Specified Office of the Agent for further 
Coupons, as the case may be including, if appropriate, a further Talon but excluding any Coupons in 
respect of which claims have already become void pursuant to Condition 13 (Prescription). Upon the 
due date for redemption of any Note, any unexchanged Talon relating to such Note shall become void 
and no Coupon will be delivered in respect of such Talon. 
11. 
REDEMPTION AND PURCHASE 
11.1 
Final Redemption 
Unless previously redeemed, or purchased and cancelled as provided below, the Notes will be redeemed 
at their Final Redemption Amount on the Maturity Date, subject as provided in Condition 11.6 
(Redemption of Subordinated Notes) and Condition 10 (Payments).  
11.2 
Redemption for Taxation Reasons 
If: 
(i) 
as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of a Relevant Jurisdiction, 
or any change in the application or official interpretation of the laws or regulations of a Relevant 
Jurisdiction, which change or amendment becomes effective after the date of issue of the first 
Tranche of the Notes, (a) the Issuer would be required to pay additional amounts as provided or 
referred to in Condition 12 (Taxation) or (b) for Subordinated Notes only, deductibility of 
interest payable by the Issuer in respect of the Subordinated Notes is materially reduced for 
Italian income tax purposes;  
(ii) 
such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures available to it; and 
(iii) 
in the case of Subordinated Notes only, subject to Condition 11.6 (Redemption of Subordinated 
Notes),  
(any such event, a "Tax Event") 
the Issuer may at its option (but subject to Condition 11.6 (Redemption of Subordinated Notes) and to 
Condition 11.7 (Redemption of Senior Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes), as applicable), having 
given not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 16 
(Notices) (which notice shall be irrevocable), redeem all the Notes, but not some only, at their Early

--- Page 120 ---
Terms and Conditions for the English Law Notes in Physical Form 
10261197493-v5 
- 109 - 
47-41058517 
 
Redemption Amount (Tax) together with interest accrued to but excluding the relevant date of 
redemption: 
(A) 
at any time (if neither the Floating Rate Note Provisions nor CMS Linked Interest Note 
Provisions are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable); or 
(B) 
on any Interest Payment Date (if the Floating Rate Note Provisions or CMS Linked Interest 
Note Provisions are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable), 
provided, however, that no such notice of redemption shall be given (i) earlier than (a) where the Notes 
may be redeemed at any time, 90 days prior to the earliest date on which the Issuer would be obliged to 
pay such additional amounts, were a payment in respect of the Notes then due; or (b) where the Notes 
may be redeemed only on an Interest Payment Date, 60 days prior to the Interest Payment Date occurring 
immediately before the earliest date on which the Issuer would be obliged to pay such additional amounts, 
were a payment in respect of the Notes then due and (ii) unless, at the time such notice is given, such 
change or amendment remains in effect (or due to take effect). 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition 11.2, the Issuer shall 
deliver to the Agent to make available at its Specified Office to the Noteholders (i) a certificate signed 
by two Authorised Signatories of the Issuer stating the Issuer is entitled to effect such redemption and 
setting forth a statement of facts showing that the conditions precedent to the right of the Issuer so to 
redeem have occurred and (ii) an opinion of independent legal advisers of recognised standing to the 
effect that the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay such additional amounts as a result of the change 
or amendment. 
Upon the expiry of any notice as is referred in this Condition 11.2, the Issuer shall be bound to redeem 
the Notes in accordance with the terms of this Condition 11.2 (subject to Condition 11.6 (Redemption of 
Subordinated Notes) and to Condition 11.7 (Redemption of Senior Notes and Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes)). 
11.3 
Redemption for Regulatory Reasons 
This Condition 11.3 applies only to Notes specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Subordinated 
Notes. 
If, at any time the Issuer determines that a Regulatory Event has occurred, the Notes may be redeemed 
at the option of the Issuer (subject to Condition 11.6 (Redemption of Subordinated Notes)), in whole, but 
not in part, at any time (if this Note is neither a Floating Rate Note nor a CMS Linked Interest Note) or 
on any Interest Payment Date (if the Note is either a Floating Rate Note or a CMS Linked Interest Note), 
on giving not less than 15 nor more than 30 days' notice to the Agent and, in accordance with Condition 
16 (Notices) to the Noteholders. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition 11.3, the Issuer shall 
deliver or procure that there is delivered to the Agent a certificate signed by two Authorised Signatories 
of the Issuer stating that the said circumstances prevail and describe the facts leading thereto, in which 
event it shall be conclusive and binding on the Noteholders and the Couponholders.  
Upon the expiry of any such notice as is referred to in this Condition 11.3, the Issuer shall – subject to 
Condition 11.6 (Redemption of Subordinated Notes) - be bound to redeem the Notes in accordance with 
this Condition 11.3, at the Early Redemption Amount (Regulatory Event) described in the applicable 
Final Terms, together (if appropriate) with interest accrued to (but excluding) the date of redemption. 
11.4 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer 
If the Call Option is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable, the Notes may (subject 
to Condition 11.6 (Redemption of Subordinated Notes) and to Condition 11.7 (Redemption of Senior 
Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes)) be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole or, if so 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, in part on any Optional Redemption Date(s) (Call) at the relevant 
Optional Redemption Amount (Call) on the Issuer's giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' notice 
to the Noteholders (which notice shall – subject to Condition 11.6 (Redemption of Subordinated Notes) 
and to Condition 11.7 (Redemption of Senior Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes), as applicable - be 
irrevocable and shall oblige the Issuer to redeem the Notes or, as the case may be, the Notes specified in 
such notice on the relevant Optional Redemption Date(s) (Call) at the Optional Redemption Amount 
(Call) plus accrued interest (if any) to such date).

--- Page 121 ---
Terms and Conditions for the English Law Notes in Physical Form 
10261197493-v5 
- 110 - 
47-41058517 
 
11.5 
Partial Redemption 
If the Notes are to be redeemed in part only on any date in accordance with Condition 11.4 (Redemption 
at the Option of the Issuer), the Notes to be redeemed shall be selected by the drawing of lots in such 
place as the Agent approves and in such manner as the Agent considers appropriate, subject to 
compliance with applicable law and the rules of each listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation 
system (if any) by which the Notes have then been admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation, and the 
notice to Noteholders referred to in Condition 11.4 (Redemption at the Option of the Issuer) shall specify 
the serial numbers of the Notes so to be redeemed. If any Maximum Redemption Amount or Minimum 
Redemption Amount is specified in the applicable Final Terms, then the Optional Redemption Amount 
(Call) shall in no event be greater than the maximum or less than the minimum so specified. 
11.6 
Redemption of Subordinated Notes 
Any redemption of the Subordinated Notes in accordance with Condition 11.1 (Final Redemption), 
Condition 11.2 (Redemption for Taxation Reasons), Condition 11.3 (Redemption for Regulatory 
Reasons), Condition 11.4 (Redemption at the Option of the Issuer), Condition 11.10 (Clean-up 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer) and/or Condition 17 (Meeting of Noteholders, Noteholders' 
Representative) (including for the avoidance of doubt, any modification in accordance with Condition 
17), and any purchase in accordance with Condition 11.13 (Purchases) shall be subject to compliance 
with the then Applicable Banking Regulations, including, as relevant, for the avoidance of doubt to: 
(a) 
the Issuer giving notice to the Relevant Authority and the Relevant Authority granting prior 
permission to redeem or purchase the relevant Subordinated Notes (in each case to the extent, 
and in the manner, required by the then Applicable Banking Regulations, including Articles 77 
and 78 of the CRR, as amended or replaced from time to time), where either: 
(i) 
on or before such redemption or purchase (as applicable), the Issuer replaces the 
relevant Notes with Own Funds instruments of equal or higher quality at terms that are 
sustainable for the income capacity of the Issuer; or 
(ii) 
the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Relevant Authority that its Own 
Funds and eligible liabilities would, following such repayment or purchase, exceed the 
minimum requirements (including any capital buffer requirements) required under the 
Applicable Banking Regulations by a margin that the Relevant Authority considers 
necessary at such time; and 
(b) 
in respect of a call, redemption repayment or purchase prior to the fifth anniversary of the Issue 
Date of the relevant Subordinated Notes, if and to the extent required under Article 78(4) of the 
CRR or the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No. 241/2014 of 7 January 2014: 
(i) 
in the case of redemption pursuant to Condition 11.2 (Redemption for Taxation 
Reasons), the Issuer having demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Relevant Authority 
that the change in the applicable tax treatment of the Subordinated Notes is material 
and was not reasonably foreseeable as at the Issue Date; or 
(ii) 
in case of redemption pursuant to Condition 11.3 (Redemption for Regulatory Reasons), 
a Regulatory Event having occurred in respect of Subordinated Notes; or 
(iii) 
on or before such redemption or purchase (as applicable), the Issuer replacing the 
relevant Notes with Own Funds instruments of equal or higher quality at terms that are 
sustainable for the income capacity of the Issuer and the Relevant Authority having 
permitted that action on the basis of the determination that it would be beneficial from 
a prudential point of view and justified by exceptional circumstances; or 
(iv) 
the relevant Notes being purchased for market making purposes, 
subject in any event to any alternative or additional conditions or requirements as may be 
applicable from time to time under the Applicable Banking Regulations. 
The Relevant Authority may grant a general prior permission, for a specified period which shall not 
exceed one year, to redeem or purchase (including for market making purposes) the Subordinated Notes, 
in the limit of a predetermined amount, which shall not exceed the lower of (i) 10 per cent. (or any other 
threshold as may be requested or required by the Relevant Authority from time to time) of the aggregate 
nominal amount of the relevant Series of the Subordinated Notes and (ii) 3 per cent. (or any other

--- Page 122 ---
Terms and Conditions for the English Law Notes in Physical Form 
10261197493-v5 
- 111 - 
47-41058517 
 
threshold as may be requested or required by the Relevant Authority from time to time) of the outstanding 
aggregate nominal amount of the Tier 2 Capital instruments of the Issuer at the relevant time, subject to 
criteria that ensure that any such redemption or purchase will be in accordance with the conditions set 
out at letters (i) or (ii) of subparagraph (a) of the preceding paragraph. 
For the avoidance of doubt, any refusal of the Relevant Authority to grant its permission in accordance 
with Article 78 of the CRR shall not constitute a default of the Issuer for any purposes. 
11.7 
Redemption of Senior Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
Any redemption in accordance with Condition 11.2 (Redemption for Taxation Reasons), Condition 11.4 
(Redemption at the Option of the Issuer), Condition 11.8 (Issuer Call Due to a MREL Disqualification 
Event), Condition 11.10 (Clean-up Redemption at the option of the Issuer), Condition 17 (Meeting of 
Noteholders, Noteholders' Representative) (including for the avoidance of doubt, any modification in 
accordance with Condition 17), and any purchase in accordance with Condition 11.13 (Purchases) of the 
Senior Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes qualifying as eligible liabilities instruments according to 
the MREL Requirements is subject to compliance with the then Applicable Banking Regulations, 
including the condition that the Issuer has obtained the prior permission of the Relevant Authority in 
accordance with Article 78a of the CRR, where one of the following conditions is met: 
(A) 
on or before such call, redemption, repayment or repurchase (as applicable), the Issuer replaces 
the Senior Notes or the Senior Non-Preferred Notes with Own Funds instruments or eligible 
liabilities instruments of equal or higher quality at terms that are sustainable for its income 
capacity; or  
(B) 
the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Relevant Authority that its Own Funds and 
eligible liabilities would, following such call, redemption, repayment or repurchase, exceed the 
requirements for Own Funds and eligible liabilities laid down in the Applicable Banking 
Regulations by a margin that the Relevant Authority considers necessary; or  
(C) 
the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Relevant Authority that the partial or full 
replacement of the eligible liabilities with Own Funds instruments is necessary to ensure 
compliance with the Own Funds requirements laid down in the Applicable Banking Regulations 
for continuing authorization, 
subject in any event to any different conditions or requirements as may be provided from time to time 
under the Applicable Banking Regulations. 
The Relevant Authority may grant a general prior permission, for a specified period which shall not 
exceed one year, to redeem or purchase (including for market making purposes) Senior Notes or Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes, in the limit of a predetermined amount, instruments, subject to criteria that ensure 
that any such redemption or purchase will be in accordance with the conditions set out in sub-paragraphs 
(A) and (B) of the preceding paragraph. For the avoidance of doubt, any refusal of the Relevant Authority 
to grant its permission in accordance with Article 78a of the CRR shall not constitute a default of the 
Issuer for any purposes. 
11.8 
Issuer Call Due to a MREL Disqualification Event 
This Condition 11.8 applies only to Notes specified in the applicable Final Terms as Senior Notes or 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes. 
If Issuer Call due to a MREL Disqualification Event is specified as being applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, the Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer (subject to the provisions of Condition 
11.7 (Redemption of Senior Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes)), having given not less than 15 nor 
more than 30 days' notice the Agent and, in accordance with Condition 16 (Notices), to the Noteholders 
(which notice shall specify the date fixed for redemption), in whole, but not in part, at any time (if the 
Note is neither a Floating Rate Note nor a CMS Linked Interest Note) or on any Interest Payment Date 
(if this Note is either a Floating Rate Note or a CMS Linked Interest Note), if the Issuer determines that 
a MREL Disqualification Event has occurred and is continuing. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition 11.8, the Issuer shall 
deliver or procure that there is delivered to the Agent a certificate signed by two Authorised Signatories 
of the Issuer stating that the said circumstances prevail and describe the facts leading thereto, in which 
event it shall be conclusive and binding on the Noteholders and the Couponholders.

--- Page 123 ---
Terms and Conditions for the English Law Notes in Physical Form 
10261197493-v5 
- 112 - 
47-41058517 
 
Upon the expiry of any such notice as is referred to in this Condition 11.8, the Issuer shall – subject to 
Condition 11.7 (Redemption of Senior Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes) – be bound to redeem the 
Notes in accordance with this Condition 11.8 at the Early Redemption Amount described in the 
applicable Final Terms, together (if appropriate) with interest accrued to (but excluding) the date of 
redemption. 
11.9 
Redemption at the Option of Noteholders 
This Condition 11.9 (Redemption at the Option of Noteholders) is applicable only to Senior Notes and if 
the Put Option is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable. 
The Issuer shall, at the option of the holder of any Note redeem such Note on the Optional Redemption 
Date(s) (Put) specified in the relevant Put Option Notice at the relevant Optional Redemption Amount 
(Put) together with interest (if any) accrued to such date. In order to exercise the option contained in this 
Condition 11.9, the holder of a Note must, not less than 30 nor more than 60 days before the relevant 
Optional Redemption Date(s) (Put), deposit with any Paying Agent such Note together with all 
unmatured Coupons relating thereto and a duly completed Put Option Notice in the form obtainable from 
any Paying Agent. The Paying Agent with which a Note is so deposited shall deliver a duly completed 
Put Option Receipt to the depositing Noteholder. No Note, once deposited with a duly completed Put 
Option Notice in accordance with this Condition 11.9, may be withdrawn; provided, however, that if, 
prior to the relevant Optional Redemption Date(s) (Put), any such Note becomes immediately due and 
payable or, upon due presentation of any such Note on the relevant Optional Redemption Date(s) (Put), 
payment of the redemption moneys is improperly withheld or refused, the relevant Paying Agent shall 
mail notification thereof to the depositing Noteholder at such address as may have been given by such 
Noteholder in the relevant Put Option Notice and shall hold such Note at its Specified Office for 
collection by the depositing Noteholder against surrender of the relevant Put Option Receipt. For so long 
as any outstanding Note is held by a Paying Agent in accordance with this Condition 11.9, the depositor 
of such Note and not such Paying Agent shall be deemed to be the holder of such Note for all purposes. 
11.10 
Clean-up Redemption at the option of the Issuer 
If a clean-up redemption option (the "Clean-Up Redemption Option") is specified as applicable in the 
Final Terms, and if 75% or any higher percentage specified in the relevant Final Terms (the "Clean-Up 
Percentage") of the initial aggregate nominal amount of the Notes of the same Series (which for the 
avoidance of doubt includes, any additional Notes issued subsequently and forming a single series with 
the first Tranche of a particular Series of Notes) have been redeemed or purchased by, or on behalf of, 
the Issuer and cancelled, the Issuer may at any time, at its option, and having given to the Paying Agent, 
the relevant Clearing Systems and, in accordance with Condition 16 (Notices), the Noteholders not less 
than 5 nor more than 30 calendar days' notice (the "Clean-Up Redemption Notice") (which notices shall 
be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption), redeem such outstanding Notes, in whole 
but not in part, at their clean-up redemption amount ("Clean-Up Redemption Amount") together, if 
appropriate, with accrued interest to (but excluding) the date of redemption, on the date fixed for 
redemption identified in the Clean-Up Redemption Notice. 
In the case of Senior Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes, the redemption referred to in this Condition 
11.10 shall be subject to Condition 11.7 (Redemption of Senior Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes). 
In the case of Subordinated Notes, the redemption referred to in this Condition 11.10 shall be subject to 
Condition 11.6 (Redemption of Subordinated Notes). 
11.11 
No other redemption 
The Issuer shall not be entitled to redeem the Notes otherwise than as provided in Conditions 11.1 (Final 
Redemption) to 11.9 (Redemption at the Option of Noteholders). 
11.12 
Early Redemption of Zero Coupon Notes 
Unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Redemption Amount payable on 
redemption of a Zero Coupon Note at any time before the Maturity Date shall be an amount equal to the 
sum of: 
(i) 
the Reference Price; and

--- Page 124 ---
Terms and Conditions for the English Law Notes in Physical Form 
10261197493-v5 
- 113 - 
47-41058517 
 
(ii) 
the product of the Accrual Yield (compounded annually) being applied to the Reference Price 
from (and including) the Issue Date to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the 
case may be) the date upon which the Note becomes due and payable. 
Where such calculation is to be made for a period which is not a whole number of years, the calculation 
in respect of the period of less than a full year shall be made on the basis of such Day Count Fraction as 
may be specified in the applicable Final Terms for the purposes of this Condition 11.9 or, if none is so 
specified, a Day Count Fraction of 30E/360. 
11.13 
Purchases 
The Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries may purchase Notes in any manner and at any price, provided that:  
(i) 
all unmatured Coupons appertaining to the Notes are purchased with such Notes;  
(ii) 
in the case of Subordinated Notes, the purchase of the relevant Subordinated Notes by the Issuer 
or any of its Subsidiaries shall take place subject as provided in Condition 11.6 (Redemption of 
Subordinated Notes); and 
(iii) 
in the case of Senior Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes, the purchase of the relevant 
Subordinated Notes by the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries shall take place subject as provided 
in Condition 11.7 (Redemption of Senior Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes). 
11.14 
Cancellations 
All Notes which are redeemed and any unmatured Coupons attached to or surrendered with them shall 
be cancelled and may not be reissued or resold. Subject to the requirements (if any) of any stock exchange 
or securities market on which the Notes may be admitted to listing and/or trading at the relevant time and 
subject to compliance with all applicable laws and regulations, Notes purchased by the Issuer or any of 
its Subsidiaries may be held or re-sold by the Issuer or submitted for cancellation by the Issuer or its 
Subsidiaries, in each case, at the Issuer's discretion. 
12. 
TAXATION  
12.1 
Payment without Withholding  
All payments of principal (if applicable) and interest in respect of the Notes and the Coupons by or on 
behalf of the Issuer shall be made free and clear of, and without withholding or deduction for or on 
account of, any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature 
("Taxes") imposed or levied by or on behalf of any Relevant Jurisdiction, unless the withholding or 
deduction of the Taxes is required by law. In that event, the Issuer will pay such additional amounts as 
may be necessary in order that the net amounts received by the Noteholders and Couponholders after 
such withholding or deduction shall be equal to the amounts of principal, in the case of Senior Notes that 
are not eligible at the relevant Issue Date to meet the Issuer's MREL Requirements only, and interest, in 
the case of any Notes, which would have been received in respect of the Notes or the Coupons in the 
absence of such withholding or deduction; except that no additional amounts shall be payable in respect 
of any Note or Coupon: 
(i) 
presented for payment by, or by a third party on behalf of, the holder who is liable to such Taxes 
in respect of such Note or Coupon by reason of it having some connection with the Relevant 
Jurisdiction other than a mere holding of the Note or the Coupon; or 
(ii) 
presented for payment in the Relevant Jurisdiction; or 
(iii) 
presented for payment by or on behalf of a holder of Notes or Coupons who would have been 
able to avoid such withholding or deduction by making a declaration of non-residence or other 
similar claim for an exemption; or 
(iv) 
requested more than 30 days after the Relevant Date except to the extent that a holder of such 
Note or Coupon would have been entitled to such additional amounts on presenting such 
payment Note or Coupon for payment on the last day of the period of 30 days; or 
(v) 
in relation to any payment or deduction on principal, interest or other proceeds of any Note on 
account of imposta sostitutiva pursuant to Italian Legislative Decree No. 239 of 1 April 1996,

--- Page 125 ---
Terms and Conditions for the English Law Notes in Physical Form 
10261197493-v5 
- 114 - 
47-41058517 
 
as amended or supplemented from time to time, or related implementing regulations (the 
"Decree No. 239"); or 
(vi) 
in circumstances in which the formalities, procedures and requirements to obtain an exemption 
from imposta sostitutiva under Decree No. 239 have not been complied with, except where such 
formalities, procedures and requirements have not been complied with due to the actions or 
omissions of the Issuer or its agents; or 
(vii) 
in relation to any payment or deduction on principal, interest or other proceeds of any Note on 
account of any withholding or deduction pursuant to Italian Law Decree No. 512 of 30 
September 1983, as amended or supplemented from time to time. 
The Issuer will have no obligation to pay additional amounts or otherwise indemnify an investor for any 
amounts required to be withheld or deducted pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any 
regulation or agreements thereunder, any official interpretations thereof, any intergovernmental 
agreement in place between the United States and another jurisdiction facilitating the implementation 
thereof or any law implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto to be deducted or withheld by 
the Issuer, the paying agent or any other party. 
12.2 
Additional Amounts 
Any reference in these Conditions to any amounts of principal and interest in respect of the Notes and 
the Coupons shall be deemed also to refer to any additional amounts which may be payable under this 
Condition 12. 
13. 
PRESCRIPTION 
Claims in respect of principal and interest will become void unless presentation for payment is made as 
required by Condition 10 (Payments) within a period of ten years in the case of principal and five years 
in the case of interest from the appropriate Relevant Date, subject to provisions of Condition 10 
(Payments). 
14. 
REPLACEMENT OF NOTES AND COUPONS 
If any Note or Coupon is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed it may be replaced at the Specified 
Office of the Agent, subject to all applicable laws and stock exchange or other relevant authority 
requirements, upon payment by the claimant of the expenses incurred in connection with such 
replacement and on such terms as to evidence, security, indemnity and otherwise as the Issuer may 
require (provided that the requirement is reasonable in the light of prevailing market practice). Mutilated 
or defaced Notes or Coupons must be surrendered before replacements will be issued. 
15. 
EVENTS OF DEFAULT 
If any of the following events occurs: 
(i) 
Winding-up etc: if an order is made by any competent court or an effective resolution is passed 
for the winding up, liquidation or dissolution of the Issuer (otherwise than for the purposes of 
and pursuant to an amalgamation, reorganisation or restructuring whilst solvent); or 
(ii) 
Analogous event: any event occurs which under the laws of the Relevant Jurisdiction has an 
analogous effect to any of the events referred to in paragraph (i) (Winding up, etc.) above, 
then any Note may, by written notice addressed by the holder thereof to the Issuer and delivered to the 
Issuer or to the Specified Office of the Agent, be declared immediately due and payable, whereupon it 
shall become immediately due and payable at its Early Termination Amount together with accrued 
interest without further action or formality. No Event of Default shall occur other than in the 
circumstances under paragraphs (i) and (ii) above (and, for the avoidance of doubt, resolution 
proceeding(s) or moratoria imposed by a resolution authority in respect of the Issuer shall not constitute 
an Event of Default for any purpose). 
16. 
NOTICES 
Notices to Noteholders will be valid if published in a reputable leading English language daily newspaper 
published in London with an international circulation (which is expected to be the Financial Times) and 
(so long as the Notes are listed on a securities market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and it is a

--- Page 126 ---
Terms and Conditions for the English Law Notes in Physical Form 
10261197493-v5 
- 115 - 
47-41058517 
 
requirement of applicable laws and regulations or the rules of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange) a leading 
newspaper having general circulation in Luxembourg or on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's website 
(www.luxse.com) or, if such publication shall not be practicable, in an leading English language daily 
newspaper of general circulation in Europe (which is expected to be the Financial Times). Any such 
notice shall be deemed to have been given on the date of such publication or, if published more than once 
or on different dates, the first date on which publication is made. Couponholders will be deemed for all 
purposes to have notice of the contents of any notice given to the Noteholders in accordance with this 
Condition 16. 
17. 
MEETING OF NOTEHOLDERS, NOTEHOLDERS' REPRESENTATIVE 
17.1 
Meetings of Noteholders  
The Agency Agreement for the English Law Notes in Physical Form contains provisions for convening 
meetings of Noteholders to consider matters relating to the Notes, including the modification of any 
provision of these Conditions. Any such modification may be made if sanctioned by an Extraordinary 
Resolution. Such a meeting may be convened by the Issuer and shall be convened by it upon the request 
in writing of Noteholders holding not less than one-tenth of the aggregate principal amount of the 
outstanding Notes. The quorum at any meeting convened to vote on an Extraordinary Resolution will be 
one or more Persons holding or representing a clear majority of the aggregate principal amount of the 
outstanding Notes or, at any adjourned meeting, one or more Persons being or representing Noteholders 
whatever the principal amount of the Notes held or represented; provided, however, that Reserved 
Matters may only be sanctioned by an Extraordinary Resolution passed at a meeting of Noteholders at 
which one or more Persons holding or representing not less than three-fourths or, at any adjourned 
meeting, one third of the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes form a quorum. Any 
Extraordinary Resolution duly passed at any such meeting shall be binding on all the Noteholders and 
Couponholders, whether present or not. 
In addition, a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of all Noteholders who for the time being are 
entitled to receive notice of a meeting of Noteholders will take effect as if it were an Extraordinary 
Resolution. Such a resolution in writing may be contained in one document or several documents in the 
same form, each signed by or on behalf of one or more Noteholders. 
17.2 
Modification 
The Notes, the Coupons and these Conditions may be amended without the consent of the Noteholders 
or the Couponholders to correct a manifest error. In addition, the parties to the Agency Agreement for 
the English Law Notes in Physical Form may agree to modify any provision thereof, but the Issuer shall 
not agree, without the consent of the Noteholders, to any such modification unless it is of a formal, minor 
or technical nature, it is made to correct a manifest error or it is not materially prejudicial to the interests 
of the Noteholders.  
For the avoidance of doubt, no Noteholder consent shall be required in connection with effecting the 
Successor Rate or Alternative Benchmark Rate (as applicable) or such other changes, including for the 
execution of any documents or other steps by the Agent (if required) pursuant to Condition 7.10 
(Benchmark Replacement). 
18. 
MODIFICATION OR SUBSTITUTION 
18.1 
Modification or Substitution of Subordinated Notes following a Regulatory Event or a Tax Event 
This Condition 18.1 applies to Subordinated Notes if Modification or Substitution of Subordinated Notes 
for Regulatory Event or Tax Event is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable. If at 
any time a Tax Event or a Regulatory Event occurs or in order to ensure the effectiveness and 
enforceability of Condition 24 (Contractual Recognition of Bail-in Powers), then the Issuer may either, 
subject to giving any notice required to be given to, and receiving any consent required from, the Relevant 
Authority and/or as appropriate the Relevant Resolution Authority: (a) substitute new notes for all such 
Subordinated Notes whereby such new notes shall replace the Subordinated Notes, or (b) vary the terms 
of all such Subordinated Notes, at any time without any requirement for consent of the holders of 
Subordinated Notes, so that the Subordinated Notes are substituted for, or as applicable, varied to, 
become or remain, Qualifying Subordinated Notes, subject to having given not less than 30 nor more 
than 60 days' notice to the Agent and the holders of Subordinated Notes and subject to receiving the prior 
consent from the Relevant Authority and/or as appropriate the Relevant Resolution Authority if and as 
required therefor under the Applicable Banking Regulations and in accordance with the Applicable

--- Page 127 ---
Terms and Conditions for the English Law Notes in Physical Form 
10261197493-v5 
- 116 - 
47-41058517 
 
Banking Regulations in force at the relevant time, provided that such variation or substitution does not 
itself give rise to any right of the Issuer to redeem the varied or substituted securities. 
The holders of Subordinated Notes shall, by virtue of subscribing and/or purchasing and holding any 
Subordinated Notes, be deemed to have accepted the substitution and modification of the terms of 
Subordinated Notes and to have granted to the Issuer full powers and authority to take any action and/or 
execute and deliver any document in the name and /or on behalf of the holders of Subordinated Notes 
which is necessary or convenient to implement the substitution or modification of the terms of 
Subordinated Notes. 
For the purposes of this Condition 18.1, "Qualifying Subordinated Notes" means securities issued 
directly or indirectly by the Issuer that: 
(i) 
other than in respect of the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 24 (Contractual 
Recognition of Bail-in Powers), have the terms not less favourable to the holders of 
Subordinated Notes, certified by the Issuer acting reasonably following consultation with an 
investment bank or financial adviser of international standing, than the terms of the 
Subordinated Notes, and they shall also (a) contain terms such that they comply with the 
minimum requirement under the Applicable Banking Regulations for inclusion in the Tier 2 
Capital of the Issuer; (b) provide for a ranking at least equal to that of the Subordinated Notes; 
(c) have the same interest rate and the same Interest Payment Dates as those from time to time 
applying to the Subordinated Notes; (d) have the same redemption rights as the Subordinated 
Notes; (e) preserve any existing rights under the Subordinated Notes to any accrued interest 
which has not been paid in respect of the period from (and including) the Interest Payment Date 
last preceding the date of modification or substitution; and (f) are assigned (or maintain) the 
same, with the same outlook, or higher solicited credit ratings as were assigned to the 
Subordinated Notes (if rated) immediately prior to modification or substitution; 
(ii) 
are listed or admitted to trading on a recognised stock exchange if the Subordinated Notes were 
listed or admitted to trading immediately prior to such modification or substitution; and 
(iii) 
are not subject, at the time of, or immediately following, such modification or substitution, to 
any early redemption right for taxation reasons. 
18.2 
Modification or Substitution of Senior Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes following a MREL 
Disqualification Event 
This Condition 18.2 applies to Senior Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes if Modification or 
Substitution of Notes for MREL Disqualification Event is specified in the applicable Final Terms as 
being applicable. If at any time a MREL Disqualification Event occurs or in order to ensure the 
effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 24 (Contractual Recognition of Bail-in Powers), then the 
Issuer may either, subject to giving any notice required to be given to, and receiving any consent required 
from, the Relevant Authority and/or as appropriate the Relevant Resolution Authority: (a) substitute new 
notes for all such Senior Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes whereby such new notes shall replace the 
Senior Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes, or (b) vary the terms of all such Senior Notes or Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes, at any time without any requirement for consent of the holders of Senior Notes or 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes, so that the Senior Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes are substituted for, 
or as applicable, varied to, become or remain, Qualifying Senior Notes or Qualifying Senior Non-
Preferred Notes, subject to having given not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' notice to the Agent and 
the holders of Senior Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes and subject to receiving the prior consent 
from the Relevant Authority and/or as appropriate the Relevant Resolution Authority if and as required 
therefor under the MREL Requirements in force at the relevant time, provided that such variation or 
substitution does not itself give rise to any right of the Issuer to redeem the varied or substituted securities. 
The holders of Senior Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes shall, by virtue of subscribing and/or 
purchasing and holding any Senior Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes, be deemed to have accepted 
the substitution and modification of the terms of Senior Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes and to have 
granted to the Issuer full powers and authority to take any action and/or execute and deliver any document 
in the name and /or on behalf of the holders of Senior Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes which is 
necessary or convenient to implement the substitution or modification of the terms of Senior Notes or 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes. 
For the purposes of this Condition 18.2:

--- Page 128 ---
Terms and Conditions for the English Law Notes in Physical Form 
10261197493-v5 
- 117 - 
47-41058517 
 
"Qualifying Senior Notes" means securities issued directly or indirectly by the Issuer that: 
(i) 
other than in respect of the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 24 (Contractual 
Recognition of Bail-in Powers), have terms not materially less favourable to a holder of the 
Senior Notes, certified by the Issuer acting reasonably following consultation with an 
investment bank or financial adviser of international standing, than the terms of the Senior Notes, 
and they shall also (a) contain terms which at such time result in such securities being eligible 
to count towards fulfilment of the Issuer's and/or the Group's (as applicable) minimum 
requirements for Own Funds and eligible liabilities under the then applicable MREL 
Requirements; (b) provide for a ranking at least equal to that of the Senior Notes; (c) have the 
same interest rate and the same Interest Payment Dates as those from time to time applying to 
the Senior Notes; (d) have the same redemption rights as the Senior Notes; (e) preserve any 
existing rights under the Senior Notes to any accrued interest which has not been paid in respect 
of the period from (and including) the Interest Payment Date last preceding the date of 
modification or substitution; and (f) are assigned (or maintain) the same, with the same outlook, 
or higher solicited credit ratings as were assigned to the Senior Notes (if rated) immediately 
prior to such variation or substitution; and 
(ii) 
are listed or admitted to trading on a recognised stock exchange if the Senior Notes were listed 
or admitted to trading immediately prior to such modification or substitution. 
"Qualifying Senior Non-Preferred Notes" means securities issued directly or indirectly by the Issuer 
that: 
(i) 
other than in respect of the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 24 (Contractual 
Recognition of Bail-in Powers), have terms not materially less favourable to a holder of the 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes, certified by the Issuer acting reasonably following consultation 
with an investment bank or financial adviser of international standing, than the terms of the 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes, and they shall also (a) contain terms which at such time result in 
such securities being eligible to count towards fulfilment of the Issuer's and/or the Group's (as 
applicable) minimum requirements for Own Funds and eligible liabilities under the then 
applicable MREL Requirements; (b) provide for a ranking at least equal to that of the Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes; (c) have the same interest rate and the same Interest Payment Dates as 
those from time to time applying to the Senior Non-Preferred Notes; (d) have the same 
redemption rights as the Senior Non-Preferred Notes; (e) preserve any existing rights under the 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes to any accrued interest which has not been paid in respect of the 
period from (and including) the Interest Payment Date last preceding the date of modification 
or substitution; and (f) are assigned (or maintain) the same, with the same outlook, or higher 
solicited credit ratings as were assigned to the Senior Non-Preferred Notes (if rated) 
immediately prior to such variation or substitution; and 
(ii) 
are listed or admitted to trading on a recognised stock exchange if the Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes were listed or admitted to trading immediately prior to such modification or substitution. 
19. 
ROUNDING 
For the purposes of any calculations referred to in these Conditions (unless otherwise specified in these 
Conditions or the applicable Final Terms), (a) all percentages resulting from such calculations will be 
rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point (with 0.000005 per 
cent. being rounded up to 0.00001 per cent.), (b) all United States dollar amounts used in or resulting 
from such calculations will be rounded to the nearest cent (with one half cent being rounded up), (c) all 
Japanese Yen amounts used in or resulting from such calculations will be rounded downwards to the next 
lower whole Japanese Yen amount, and (d) all amounts denominated in any other currency used in or 
resulting from such calculations will be rounded to the nearest two decimal places in such currency, with 
0.005 being rounded upwards. 
20. 
FURTHER ISSUES 
The Issuer may from time to time without the requirement to give notice to, or seek the consent of, the 
Noteholders or the Couponholders create and issue further notes having the same terms and conditions 
as those of the Notes in all respects (or in all respects except for the first payment of interest on them) 
and so that such further issue shall be consolidated and form a single series with the outstanding Notes, 
or upon such terms as the Issuer may determine at the time of their issue.

--- Page 129 ---
Terms and Conditions for the English Law Notes in Physical Form 
10261197493-v5 
- 118 - 
47-41058517 
 
21. 
CURRENCY INDEMNITY 
If any sum due from the Issuer in respect of the Notes or the Coupons or any order or judgment given or 
made in relation thereto has to be converted from the currency (the "first currency") in which the same 
is payable under these Conditions or such order or judgment into another currency (the "second 
currency") for the purpose of (a) making or filing a claim or proof against the Issuer, (b) obtaining an 
order or judgment in any court or other tribunal or (c) enforcing any order or judgment given or made in 
relation to the Notes, the Issuer shall indemnify each Noteholder or Couponholder, on the written demand 
of such Noteholder or Couponholder addressed to the Issuer and delivered to the Issuer or to the Specified 
Office of the Agent, against any loss suffered as a result of any discrepancy between (i) the rate of 
exchange used for such purpose to convert the sum in question from the first currency into the second 
currency and (ii) the rate or rates of exchange at which such Noteholder may in the ordinary course of 
business purchase the first currency with the second currency upon receipt of a sum paid to it in 
satisfaction, in whole or in part, of any such order, judgment, claim or proof. 
22. 
CONTRACTS (RIGHTS OF THIRD PARTIES) ACT 1999 
No person shall have any right to enforce any term or condition of the Notes under the Contracts (Rights 
of Third Parties) Act 1999. 
23. 
GOVERNING LAW AND SUBMISSION TO JURISDICTION 
23.1 
Governing Law  
The Agency Agreement for the English Law Notes in Physical Form, the Deed of Covenant, the Notes 
and the Coupons and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the Agency 
Agreement for the English Law Notes in Physical Form, the Deed of Covenant, the Notes and the 
Coupons are governed by, and construed in accordance with, English law, except for Conditions 2.A 
(Status of Senior Non-Preferred Notes), 3 (Status of Subordinated Notes), 11.6 (Redemption of 
Subordinated Notes), 11.7 (Redemption of Senior Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes) and 24 
(Contractual Recognition of Bail-in Powers) which are governed by and shall be construed in accordance 
with Italian law. 
23.2 
Submission to Jurisdiction  
The courts of England are to have jurisdiction to settle any disputes which may arise out of or in 
connection with the Notes or the Coupons and accordingly any legal action or proceedings arising out of 
or in connection with the Notes or the Coupons ("Proceedings") may be brought in such courts. The 
Issuer irrevocably submits to the jurisdiction of such courts and waives any objection to Proceedings in 
such courts whether on the ground of venue or on the ground that the Proceedings have been brought in 
an inconvenient forum. This Condition 23.2 is for the benefit of each of the Noteholders and 
Couponholders and shall not limit the right of any of them to take Proceedings in any other court of 
competent jurisdiction nor shall the taking of Proceedings in one or more jurisdictions preclude the taking 
of Proceedings in any other jurisdiction (whether concurrently or not).  
23.3 
Agent for Service of Process 
The Issuer irrevocably appoints Law Debenture Corporate Services Limited of 8th Floor, 100 
Bishopsgate, London EC2N 4AG as its agent in England to receive service of process in any Proceedings 
in England based on any of the Notes or the Coupons. If for any reason the Issuer does not have such an 
agent in England, it will promptly appoint a substitute process agent and notify the Noteholders of such 
appointment in accordance with Condition 16 (Notices). The Issuer agrees that failure by a process agent 
to notify it of any process will not invalidate service. Nothing herein shall affect the right to serve process 
in any other manner permitted by law. 
24. 
CONTRACTUAL RECOGNITION OF BAIL-IN POWERS 
By the acquisition of the Notes, each Noteholder acknowledges and agrees to be bound by the exercise 
of any Bail-in Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority that may result in the write-down or 
cancellation of all or a portion of the principal amount of, or distributions on, the Notes and/or the 
conversion of all or a portion of the principal amount of, or distributions on, the Notes into ordinary 
shares or other obligations of the Issuer or another person, including by means of a variation to the terms 
of the Notes to give effect to the exercise by the Relevant Resolution Authority of such Bail-in Power.

--- Page 130 ---
Terms and Conditions for the English Law Notes in Physical Form 
10261197493-v5 
- 119 - 
47-41058517 
 
Each Noteholder further agrees that the rights of the Noteholders are subject to, and will be varied if 
necessary so as to give effect to, the exercise of any Bail-in Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority. 
Upon the Issuer being informed or notified by the Relevant Resolution Authority of the actual exercise 
of the date from which the Bail-in Power is effective with respect to the Notes, the Issuer shall notify the 
Noteholders without delay. Any delay or failure by the Issuer to give notice shall not affect the validity 
and enforceability of the Bail-in Power nor the effects on the Notes described in this clause. 
The exercise of the Bail-in Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority with respect to the Notes shall 
not constitute an Event of Default and the terms and conditions for the Notes shall continue to apply in 
relation to the residual principal amount of, or outstanding amount payable with respect to, the Notes 
subject to any modification of the amount of distributions payable to reflect the reduction of the principal 
amount, and any further modification of the terms that the Relevant Resolution Authority may decide in 
accordance with applicable laws and regulations relating to the resolution of credit institutions, 
investment firms and/or Group Entities incorporated in the relevant Member State. 
Each Noteholder also acknowledges and agrees that this provision is exhaustive on the matters described 
herein to the exclusion of any other agreements, arrangements or understandings relating to the 
application of any Bail-in Power to the Notes. 
As used in this Condition: 
"Bail-in Power" means any statutory write-down and/or conversion power existing from time to time 
under any laws, regulations, rules or requirements relating to the resolution of credit institutions, 
investment firms and/or Group Entities incorporated in the relevant Member State in effect and 
applicable in the relevant Member State to the Issuer or other Group Entities, including (but not limited 
to) any such laws, regulations, rules or requirements that are implemented, adopted or enacted within the 
context of any European Union directive or regulation of the European Parliament and of the Council 
establishing a framework for the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and investment firms 
and/or within the context of a relevant Member State resolution regime or otherwise, pursuant to which 
liabilities of a credit institution, investment firm and/or any Group Entities can be reduced, cancelled 
and/or converted into shares or obligations of the obligor or any other person. 
"Group Entity" means the Issuer or any legal person that is part of the Group. 
"Resolution Power" means any statutory write-down, transfer and/or conversion power existing from 
time to time under any laws regulations, rules or requirements relating to the resolution of the Issuer or 
any other entities of the Group, including but not limited to any laws, regulations, rules or requirements 
implementing the BRRD and/or the SRM Regulation. 
"SRM Regulation" means Regulation (EU) No. 806/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council 
of 15 July 2014 establishing uniform rules and a uniform procedure for the resolution of credit institutions 
and certain investment firms in the framework of a Single Resolution Mechanism and a Single Resolution 
Fund and amending Regulation (EU) No 1093/2010, as amended or replaced from time to time (including 
by SRM II Regulation); 
"SRM II Regulation" means Regulation (EU) No. 2019/877 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 20 May 2019 amending Regulation (EU) No. 806/2014 as regards the loss absorbing and 
recapitalisation capacity of credit institutions and investment firms;

--- Page 131 ---
Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes in Physical Form 
10261197493-v5 
- 120 - 
47-41058517 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR THE ITALIAN LAW NOTES IN PHYSICAL FORM 
The following are the Terms and Conditions applicable to each Series of Notes to be governed under Italian Law 
(respectively, the "Italian Law Notes in Physical Form" or the "Notes" and the "Terms and Conditions for the 
Italian Law Notes in Physical Form" or the "Terms and Conditions") which, as completed by the applicable 
Final Terms, will be incorporated by reference into each Global Note (as defined below) and each definitive Note, 
in the latter case only if permitted by the relevant competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system 
(if any) and agreed by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer at the time of issue but, if not so permitted and agreed, 
such definitive Note will have endorsed thereon or attached thereto such Terms and Conditions. The provisions 
of Part A of the applicable Final Terms (or the relevant provisions thereof) will be endorsed upon, or attached to, 
each Global Note and definitive Note. Reference should be made to the "Form of Final Terms" for a description 
of the content of Final Terms which will specify which of such terms and conditions are to apply to the relevant 
Notes. The terms and conditions applicable to any Note in global form will differ from those terms and conditions 
which would apply to the Note were it in definitive form to the extent described under "Summary of Provisions 
relating to the Notes in Global Form" below. 
This Note is one of a Series (as defined below) of Notes issued by Banca Ifis S.p.A. (the "Issuer") pursuant to the 
Agency Agreement for the Italian Law Notes in Physical Form (as defined below). 
References herein to the "Notes" shall be references to the Notes of this Series only and not to all Notes that may 
be issued under the Programme and shall mean: 
(i) 
in relation to any Notes represented by a global Note (a "Global Note"), units of each Specified 
Denomination in the Specified Currency; 
(ii) 
any Global Note; and 
(iii) 
any definitive Notes issued in exchange for a Global Note. 
Reference herein to NGN shall mean a Temporary Global Note or a Permanent Global Note in either case where 
the applicable Final Terms specify the Notes as being in NGN form. 
The Notes and the Coupons (as defined below) have the benefit of an agency agreement dated 19 July 2023 (as 
amended, restated, modified and/or supplemented from time to time, the "Agency Agreement for the Italian 
Law Notes in Physical Form" or the "Agency Agreement") made between the Issuer, BNP Paribas, Luxembourg 
Branch as issuing and principal paying agent (the "Agent", which expression shall include any additional or 
successor issuing and principal paying agent) and the other paying agents named therein (together with the Agent, 
the "Paying Agents", which expression shall include any additional or successor paying agents). The Final Terms 
for this Note (or the relevant provisions thereof) are set out in Part A of the Final Terms attached to or endorsed 
on this Note which complete these Terms and Conditions (the "Conditions"). References to the "applicable Final 
Terms" are, unless otherwise stated, to Part A of the Final Terms (or the relevant provisions thereof) attached to 
or endorsed on this Note. 
Interest-bearing definitive Notes have interest coupons (the "Coupons") and, in the case of Notes which (when 
issued in definitive form) have more than 27 interest payments remaining, talons for further Coupons (the 
"Talons") attached on issue. Any reference herein to Coupons shall, unless the context otherwise requires, be 
deemed to include a reference to Talons attached on issue. Global Notes do not have Coupons or Talons attached 
on issue. 
Any reference to "Noteholders" or "holders" in relation to any Notes shall mean the holders of the Notes and 
shall, in relation to any Notes represented by a Global Note, be construed as provided below. Any reference herein 
to "Couponholders" shall mean the holders of the Coupons and shall, unless the context otherwise requires, 
include the holders of the Talons. 
As used herein, "Tranche" means Notes which are identical in all respects (including as to listing and admission 
to trading) and "Series" means a Tranche of Notes together with any further Tranche or Tranches of Notes which 
are (i) expressed to be consolidated and form a single series and (ii) identical in all respects (including as to listing 
and admission to trading) except for their respective Issue Dates, Interest Commencement Dates and/or Issue 
Prices. 
Copies of the Agency Agreement for the Italian Law Notes in Physical Form are available for inspection or 
collection free of charge during normal business hours by a Noteholder upon reasonable request at the specified 
office for the time being of each of the Paying Agents. If the Notes are to be admitted to trading on the regulated 
market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange the applicable Final Terms will be published on the website of the

--- Page 132 ---
Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes in Physical Form 
10261197493-v5 
- 121 - 
47-41058517 
 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com) and copies thereof are available for viewing at the registered 
office of the Issuer and of the Agent and copies may be obtained from those offices. If this Note is neither admitted 
to trading on a regulated market in the European Economic Area nor offered in the European Economic Area or 
in the UK in circumstances where a prospectus is required to be published under the Prospectus Regulation, the 
applicable Final Terms will only be obtainable by a Noteholder holding one or more Notes and such Noteholder 
must produce evidence satisfactory to the Issuer and the relevant Paying Agent as to its holding of such Notes and 
identity. The expression "Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. The Noteholders and the 
Couponholders are deemed to have notice of, and are entitled to the benefit of, all the provisions of the Agency 
Agreement for the Italian Law Notes in Physical Form and the applicable Final Terms which are applicable to 
them. The statements in the Conditions include summaries of, and are subject to, the detailed provisions of the 
Agency Agreement for the Italian Law Notes in Physical Form. 
Words and expressions defined in the Agency Agreement for the Italian Law Notes in Physical Form or used in 
the applicable Final Terms shall have the same meanings where used in these Conditions unless the context 
otherwise requires or unless otherwise stated and provided that, in the event of inconsistency between the Agency 
Agreement for the Italian Law Notes in Physical Form and the applicable Final Terms, the applicable Final Terms 
will prevail. 
In these Conditions, euro means the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic and 
monetary union pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, as amended. 
1. 
FORM, DENOMINATION AND TITLE 
The Notes are in bearer form and, in the case of definitive Notes, serially numbered, in the Specified 
Currency and the Specified Denomination(s). In the case of a Series of Notes with more than one 
Specified Denomination, Notes of one Specified Denomination will not be exchangeable for Notes of 
another Specified Denomination.  
This Note may be a Fixed Rate Note, a Reset Rate Note, a Floating Rate Note or a Zero-Coupon Note, a 
combination of any of the foregoing or any other kind of Note, depending upon the Interest Basis shown 
hereon. 
Definitive Notes are issued with Coupons attached, unless they are Zero Coupon Notes in which case 
references to Coupons, Couponholders and Talons in the Conditions are not applicable. 
Title to the Notes and the Coupons will pass by delivery. The holder of any Note or Coupon shall (except 
as otherwise required by law) be treated as its absolute owner for all purposes (whether or not it is overdue 
and regardless of any notice of ownership, trust or any other interest therein, any writing thereon or any 
notice of any previous loss or theft thereof) and no Person shall be liable for so treating such holder.  
2. 
STATUS OF SENIOR NOTES 
This Condition 2 (Status of Senior Notes) is applicable only to Senior Notes. The Senior Notes and the 
Coupons constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the Issuer and 
rank and will rank pari passu, without any preference among themselves. The payment obligations of 
the Issuer under the Senior Notes and the Coupons shall, save for such obligations as may be preferred 
by provisions of law that are both mandatory and of general application, at all times rank at least equally 
with its other present and future unsecured and unsubordinated obligations (other than obligations 
ranking, in accordance with their terms and/or by provision of law, junior to the Senior Notes from time 
to time (including Senior Non-Preferred Notes and any further obligations permitted by law to rank junior 
to the Senior Notes following the Issue Date)) if any. 
Each holder of a Senior Note unconditionally and irrevocably waives any right of set-off, counterclaim, 
abatement and netting or other similar remedy which it might otherwise have under the laws of any 
jurisdiction in respect of such Senior Note. 
For the avoidance of doubt, there is no negative pledge provision in these Conditions. 
2.A 
STATUS OF SENIOR NON-PREFERRED NOTES 
This Condition 2.A (Status of Senior Non-Preferred Notes) is applicable only to Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes. Senior Non-Preferred Notes (notes intending to qualify as strumenti di debito chirografario di 
secondo livello of the Issuer, as defined under, and for the purposes of, Article 12-bis and Article 91, 
section 1-bis, letter c-bis of the Consolidated Banking Law, and any relevant implementing regulation

--- Page 133 ---
Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes in Physical Form 
10261197493-v5 
- 122 - 
47-41058517 
 
which may be enacted for such purposes by any Relevant Authority), any related Receipts and Coupons 
constitute direct, unconditional, unsecured and non-preferred obligations of the Issuer, ranking: 
(i) 
junior to Senior Notes and any other unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer 
which rank, or are expressed to rank by their terms and/or by provision of law, senior to the 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes, including claims arising from the excluded liabilities within the 
meaning of Article 72a(2) of the CRR, and 
(ii) 
pari passu without any preferences among themselves, and with all other present or future 
obligations of the Issuer which do not rank or are not expressed by their terms to rank junior or 
senior to the relevant Senior Non-Preferred Notes, and  
(iii) 
in priority to any subordinated instruments and to the claims of shareholders of the Issuer, 
pursuant to Article 91, section 1-bis, letter c-bis of the Consolidated Banking Law, as amended 
from time to time, and any relevant implementing regulation which may be enacted for such 
purposes by any Relevant Authority.  
Each holder of a Senior Non-Preferred Note unconditionally and irrevocably waives any right of set-off, 
counterclaim, abatement or other similar remedy which it might otherwise have under the laws of any 
jurisdiction in respect of such Senior Non-Preferred Note. 
For the avoidance of doubt, there is no negative pledge provision in these Conditions. 
3. 
STATUS OF SUBORDINATED NOTES 
This Condition 3 (Status of Subordinated Notes) is applicable only to Subordinated Notes. Subordinated 
Notes and any related Coupons constitute direct, unsecured and subordinated obligations of the Issuer 
and, subject to the provisions of this Condition 3 (Status of Subordinated Notes), will at all times rank 
pari passu without any preference among themselves. In relation to each Series of Subordinated Notes, 
all Subordinated Notes of such Series will be treated equally and all amounts paid by the Issuer in respect 
of principal and interest thereon will be paid pro rata on all Subordinated Notes of such Series. 
Subject to the following paragraph, in the event of the winding up, dissolution, liquidation or bankruptcy 
(including, inter alia, Liquidazione Coatta Amministrativa of the Issuer), the payment obligations of the 
Issuer under each Series of Subordinated Notes, and the relative Coupons as the case may be, will rank 
in right of payment: 
(i) 
after unsubordinated unsecured creditors (including depositors and any holder of Senior Notes, 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes and their respective Coupons) of the Issuer and all other creditors 
of the Issuer holding instruments that are less subordinated than the Subordinated Notes 
(including any subordinated instruments that have ceased to qualify, in their entirety, as own 
fund items (elementi di fondi propri)) but  
(ii) 
at least pari passu with all other subordinated obligations of the Issuer which do not rank or are 
not expressed by their terms to rank junior or senior to such Series of Subordinated Notes and  
(iii) 
in priority to the claims of shareholders of the Issuer and to the claims of creditors of the Issuer 
holding instruments that are more subordinated than the Subordinated Notes (including 
Additional Tier 1 Capital). 
In the event the Subordinated Notes of any Series do not qualify or cease to qualify, in their entirety, as 
own funds, such Subordinated Notes shall rank subordinated and junior to unsubordinated unsecured 
creditors (including depositors and holders of Senior Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes) of the Issuer, 
pari passu among themselves and with the Issuer's obligations in respect of any other subordinated 
instruments which have ceased to qualify, in their entirety, as own funds items (elementi di fondi propri) 
and with all other present and future subordinated obligations of the Issuer which do not rank or are not 
expressed by their terms and/or by mandatory and/or overriding provisions of law to rank junior or senior 
to the relevant Subordinated Notes (which have so ceased to qualify, in their entirety, as own funds in 
the form of Tier 2 Capital) and senior to own fund items (elementi di fondi propri). 
Each holder of a Subordinated Note unconditionally and irrevocably waives any right of set off, 
counterclaim, abatement or other similar remedy which it might otherwise have, under the laws of any 
jurisdiction, in respect of such Subordinated Note. 
For the avoidance of doubt, there is no negative pledge provision in these Conditions.

--- Page 134 ---
Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes in Physical Form 
10261197493-v5 
- 123 - 
47-41058517 
 
4. 
STATUS OF ADDITIONAL TIER 1 NOTES 
This Condition 4 (Status of Additional Tier 1 Notes) is applicable only to Additional Tier 1 Notes. Subject 
to the following paragraphs, the Additional Tier 1 Notes will constitute direct, unsecured and 
subordinated obligations of the Issuer, intended to qualify for regulatory purposes as Additional Tier 1 
Capital of the Issuer and the Group in accordance with Article 52 of the CRR and Part II, Chapter 1 of 
Prudential Regulations for Banks and ranking, for so long as the relevant Series of Subordinated Notes 
qualify, in whole or in part, as Additional Tier 1 Capital: 
(i) 
subordinated and junior to all present or future indebtedness of the Issuer, including 
unsubordinated indebtedness of the Issuer (which, for the avoidance of doubt, includes any 
senior non-preferred instruments of the Issuer or guarantee in respect of any such instruments), 
the Issuer's obligations in respect of any dated subordinated instruments, any subordinated 
instruments that have ceased to qualify, in their entirety, as own fund items (elementi di fondi 
propri), any instruments issued as Tier 2 Capital or eligible liabilities (under CRR or any other 
relevant regulation) of the Issuer or guarantee in respect of any such instruments (other than any 
instrument or contractual right ranking, or expressed to rank, pari passu with the Additional 
Tier 1 Notes); 
(ii) 
pari passu among themselves and with the Issuer's present or future obligations in respect of 
any Additional Tier 1 Capital instruments or any other instruments or obligations which rank or 
are expressed to rank pari passu with the Additional Tier 1 Notes or, in each case, any guarantee 
in respect of such instruments; and 
(iii) 
senior to: 
(A) 
the share capital of the Issuer, including, if any, its azioni privilegiate, ordinary shares 
and azioni di risparmio; 
(B) 
(i) any present or future securities of the Issuer (including strumenti finanziari issued 
under Article 2346, paragraph 6 of the Italian Civil Code); and (ii) any securities issued 
by a Subsidiary which have the benefit of a guarantee or similar instrument from the 
Issuer, 
which securities (in the case of paragraph (B)(i) above) or guarantee or similar instrument (in 
the case of paragraph (B)(ii) above) rank or are expressed to rank pari passu with the claims 
described under paragraph (A) above and/or otherwise junior to the Additional Tier 1 Notes. 
In the event the Additional Tier 1 Notes are fully excluded from the Issuer's Additional Tier 1 Capital 
and for so long as they qualify as, in whole or in part, as Tier 2 Capital, such Additional Tier 1 Notes 
shall rank (i) after unsubordinated unsecured creditors (including depositors and any holder of Senior 
Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes and their respective Coupons) of the Issuer and all other creditors of 
the Issuer holding instruments that are less subordinated than the relevant Additional Tier 1 Notes which 
have so ceased to qualify, in their entirety, as own funds in the form of Additional Tier 1 Capital 
(including any subordinated instruments that have ceased to qualify, in their entirety, as own fund items 
(elementi di fondi propri)), (ii) at least pari passu with all other subordinated obligations of the Issuer 
which do not rank or are not expressed by their terms to rank junior or senior to such Series of Additional 
Tier 1 Notes (which have so ceased to qualify, in their entirety, as own funds in the form of Additional 
Tier 1 Capital) and (iii) in priority to the claims of shareholders of the Issuer and to the claims of creditors 
of the Issuer holding instruments that are more subordinated than the relevant Additional Tier 1 Notes 
(which have so ceased to qualify, in their entirety, as own funds in the form of Additional Tier 1 Capital), 
including Additional Tier 1 Capital. 
In the event the Additional Tier 1 Notes of any Series do not qualify or cease to qualify, in their entirety, 
as own funds, such Additional Tier 1 Notes shall rank subordinated and junior to unsubordinated 
unsecured creditors (including depositors and holders of Senior Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes) 
of the Issuer, pari passu among themselves and with the Issuer's obligations in respect of any other 
subordinated instruments which have ceased to qualify, in their entirety, as own funds items (elementi di 
fondi propri) and with all other present and future subordinated obligations of the Issuer which do not 
rank or are not expressed by their terms and/or by mandatory and/or overriding provisions of law to rank 
junior or senior to the relevant Additional Tier 1 Notes (which have so ceased to qualify, in their entirety, 
as own funds in the form of Additional Tier 1 Capital) and senior to own fund items (elementi di fondi 
propri).

--- Page 135 ---
Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes in Physical Form 
10261197493-v5 
- 124 - 
47-41058517 
 
No security or guarantee of whatever kind is, or shall at any time be, provided by the Issuer or any other 
person securing rights of the Noteholders. In the event of the voluntary or involuntary winding up, 
dissolution, liquidation or bankruptcy (including, inter alia, Liquidazione Coatta Amministrativa) of the 
Issuer that occurs after the date on which a Contingency Event occurs but before the Write-Down 
Effective Date, the rights and claims (if any) of the Noteholders in respect of their Additional Tier 1 
Notes shall be limited to such amount, if any, as would have been payable to Noteholders on a return of 
assets in such voluntary or involuntary winding up, dissolution, liquidation or bankruptcy (including, 
inter alia, Liquidazione Coatta Amministrativa) of the Issuer if the Write-Down Effective Date had 
occurred immediately before the occurrence of such liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Issuer. 
Each holder of an Additional Tier 1 Note unconditionally and irrevocably waives any right of set-off, 
netting, counterclaim, abatement or other similar remedy which it might otherwise have under the laws 
of any jurisdiction in respect of such Additional Tier 1 Note. 
It is the intention of the Issuer that the Additional Tier 1 Notes shall, for regulatory purposes, be treated 
as Additional Tier 1 Capital, but the obligations of the Issuer and the rights of the Noteholders shall not 
be affected if the Notes no longer qualify as Additional Tier 1 Capital. 
The Additional Tier 1 Notes (including, for the avoidance of doubt, payments of principal and/or interest) 
shall be subject to the Loss Absorption Requirement, if so required under the BRRD and/or (as applicable) 
the SRM Regulation, in accordance with the powers of the Relevant Authority and where the Relevant 
Authority determines that the application of the Loss Absorption Requirement to the Additional Tier 1 
Notes is necessary pursuant to applicable law and/or regulation in force from time to time. 
For the avoidance of doubt, there is no negative pledge provision in these Conditions. 
5. 
DEFINITIONS  
For the purposes of these Conditions: 
"Accrual Yield" has the meaning given in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Additional Business Centre(s)" means the city or cities specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Additional Financial Centre(s)" means the city or cities specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Additional Tier 1 Capital" has the meaning given to such term (or any other equivalent or successor 
term) in the Applicable Banking Regulations. 
"Additional Tier 1 Notes" means Notes specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, being Notes 
intended to qualify as Additional Tier 1 capital of the Issuer or the Group in accordance with Article 52 
of the CRR and Part II, Chapter 1 of Prudential Regulations for Banks. 
"Applicable Banking Regulations" means at any time the laws, regulations, requirements, guidelines 
and policies relating to capital adequacy then in effect in the Republic of Italy and applicable to the Issuer 
or the Group (as the case may be) including, without limitation to the generality of the foregoing, the 
BRRD, the BRRD Implementing Decrees, the CRD IV, the Prudential Regulations for Banks of the Bank 
of Italy, the Banking Reform Package, the SRM Regulation and those other regulations, requirements, 
guidelines and policies relating to capital adequacy then in effect of the Relevant Authority or of the 
European Banking Authority or of the institutions of the European Union and/or the Republic of Italy 
(whether or not such requirements, guidelines or policies have the force of law and whether or not they 
are applied generally or specifically to the Issuer or the Group). 
"Authorised Signatory" has the meaning given to such term in the Agency Agreement for the Italian 
Law Notes in Physical Form and "Authorised Signatories" shall be construed accordingly. 
"Bank of Italy" means the Bank of Italy and/or any competent authority which at a future date carries 
out the functions which the Bank of Italy performs as at the Issue Date. 
"Banking Reform Package" means (i) Regulation (EU) 2019/876 of the European Parliament and of 
the Council of 20 May 2019 amending Regulation (EU) No. 575/2013 as regards the leverage ratio, the 
net stable funding ratio, requirements for Own Funds and eligible liabilities, counterparty credit risk, 
market risk, exposure to central counterparties, exposures to collective investment undertakings, large 
exposures, reporting and disclosure requirements, and Regulation (EU) No. 648/2012, (ii) Regulation 
(EU) 2019/877 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 amending Regulation

--- Page 136 ---
Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes in Physical Form 
10261197493-v5 
- 125 - 
47-41058517 
 
(EU) No. 806/2014 as regards the loss-absorbing and recapitalisation capacity of credit institutions and 
investment firms, (iii) Directive (EU) 2019/878 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 
May 2019 amending Directive 2013/36/EU as regards exempted entities, financial holding companies, 
mixed financial holding companies, remuneration, supervisory measures and powers and capital 
conservation measures, and (iv) Directive (EU) 2019/879 of the European Parliament and of the Council 
of 20 May 2019 amending Directive 2014/59/EU as regards the loss-absorbing and recapitalisation 
capacity of credit institutions and investment firms and Directive 98/26/EC. 
"Broken Amount" has the meaning given in the applicable Final Terms. 
"BRRD" means Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council providing for the 
establishment of an EU-wide framework for the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and 
investment firms, as amended, supplemented or replaced from time to time (including, without limitation, 
as a consequence of the entry into force of the Banking Reform Package). 
"BRRD Implementing Decrees" means the Legislative Decrees No. 180 and 181 of 16 November 2015, 
implementing the BRRD in the Republic of Italy, as amended or replaced from time to time (including, 
without limitation, as a consequence of the transposition of the Banking Reform Package into Italian 
law). 
"Business Day" means: 
(i) 
in relation to any sum payable in euro, a TARGET Settlement Day and a day on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments generally in each (if any) 
Additional Business Centre; and 
(ii) 
in relation to any sum payable in a currency other than euro, a day on which commercial banks 
and foreign exchange markets settle payments generally in the Principal Financial Centre of the 
relevant currency and in each (if any) Additional Business Centre. 
"Business Day Convention", in relation to any particular date, has the meaning given in the applicable 
Final Terms and, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, may have different meanings in relation 
to different dates and, in this context, the following expressions shall have the following meanings: 
(i) 
"Following Business Day Convention" means that the relevant date shall be postponed to the 
first following day that is a Business Day; 
(ii) 
"Modified Following Business Day Convention" or "Modified Business Day Convention" 
means that the relevant date shall be postponed to the first following day that is a Business Day 
unless that day falls in the next calendar month in which case that date will be the first preceding 
day that is a Business Day; 
(iii) 
"Preceding Business Day Convention" means that the relevant date shall be brought forward 
to the first preceding day that is a Business Day; 
(iv) 
"FRN Convention", "Floating Rate Convention" or "Eurodollar Convention" means that 
each relevant date shall be the date which numerically corresponds to the preceding such date 
in the calendar month which is the number of months specified in the applicable Final Terms as 
the Specified Period after the calendar month in which the preceding such date occurred 
provided, however, that: 
(a) 
if there is no such numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which any 
such date should occur, then such date will be the last day which is a Business Day in 
that calendar month; 
(b) 
if any such date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, then such 
date will be the first following day which is a Business Day unless that day falls in the 
next calendar month, in which case it will be the first preceding day which is a Business 
Day; and 
(c) 
if the preceding such date occurred on the last day in a calendar month which was a 
Business Day, then all subsequent such dates will be the last day which is a Business 
Day in the calendar month which is the specified number of months after the calendar 
month in which the preceding such date occurred; and

--- Page 137 ---
Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes in Physical Form 
10261197493-v5 
- 126 - 
47-41058517 
 
(v) 
"No Adjustment" means that the relevant date shall not be adjusted in accordance with any 
Business Day Convention. 
"Calculation Agent" means the Agent or such other Person specified in the applicable Final Terms as 
the party responsible for calculating the Rate(s) of Interest, Reset Rate and Interest Amount(s). 
"Calculation Amount" has the meaning given to it in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Capital Event" is deemed to have occurred if there is a change in the regulatory classification of the 
Additional Tier 1 Notes under the Applicable Banking Regulations that would be likely to result in their 
exclusion, in whole or in part, from Additional Tier 1 Capital of the Group or the Issuer (other than as a 
consequence of a write-down or conversion, where applicable) and, in the event of any redemption upon 
the occurrence of a Capital Event prior to the fifth anniversary of the Issue Date, if and to the extent then 
required by the Applicable Banking Regulations, both of the following conditions are met: (i) the 
Relevant Authority considers such a change to be sufficiently certain and (ii) the Issuer demonstrates to 
the satisfaction of the Relevant Authority that the change in regulatory classification of the Additional 
Tier 1 Notes was not reasonably foreseeable as at the Issue Date. 
"CMS Rate" means the applicable swap rate for swap transactions in the Reference Currency with a 
maturity of the Designated Maturity, expressed as a percentage, which appears on the Relevant Screen 
Page as at the Relevant Time on the Interest Determination Date in question, all as determined by the 
Calculation Agent and subject to Condition 9.10 (Benchmark Replacement). 
"CMS Reference Banks" means (i) where the Reference Currency is Euro, the principal office of five 
major banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market, (ii) where the Reference Currency is Sterling, the 
principal London office of five major banks in the London inter-bank market, (iii) where the Reference 
Currency is U.S. dollars, the principal New York City office of five major banks in the New York City 
inter-bank market, or (iv) in the case of any other Reference Currency, the principal Relevant Financial 
Centre office of five major banks in the Relevant Financial Centre inter-bank market, in each case 
selected by the Issuer. 
"Common Equity Tier 1 Capital" has, at any time, the meaning given to such term (or any other 
equivalent or successor term) in the Applicable Banking Regulations. 
"Common Equity Tier 1 Capital Ratio" means, at any time, the ratio of the Common Equity Tier 1 
Capital of the Issuer or the Group, as the case may be, divided by the Risk Weighted Assets of the Issuer 
or the Group (as applicable) at such time, calculated by the Issuer or the Relevant Authority in accordance 
with the Applicable Banking Regulations. 
"Consolidated Banking Law" means Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993, as amended or 
supplemented from time to time (including, without limitation, as a consequence of the transposition of 
the Banking Reform Package into Italian law). 
"Consolidated Net Banking Income" means, in respect of any Relevant Period, the consolidated net 
banking income of the Group for that Relevant Period. 
"Consolidated Profit Before Tax" means, in respect of any Relevant Period, the consolidated profit 
before tax from continuing operations of the Group for that Relevant Period. 
"Consolidated Total Assets" means, in respect of any Relevant Period, the consolidated total assets of 
the Group as at the end date of that Relevant Period. 
"Contingency Event" has the meaning given to such term in Condition 13.2 (Loss absorption). 
"Coupon Sheet" means, in respect of a Note, a coupon sheet relating to the Note. 
"CRD IV" means the CRD IV Directive, the CRR and any CRD IV Implementing Measures. 
"CRD IV Directive" means Directive 2013/36 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 
2013 on access to the activity of credit institutions and the prudential supervision of credit institutions 
and investment firms, amending Directive 2002/87/EC and repealing Directives 2006/48/EC and 
2006/49/EC, as amended, supplemented or replaced from time to time, including any successor 
regulations (including, without limitation, as a consequence of the entry into force of the Banking Reform 
Package).

--- Page 138 ---
Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes in Physical Form 
10261197493-v5 
- 127 - 
47-41058517 
 
"CRD IV Implementing Measures" means any regulatory capital rules implementing the CRD IV 
Directive or the CRR which may from time to time be introduced, including, but not limited to, delegated 
or implementing acts (regulatory technical standards) adopted by the European Commission, national 
laws and regulations, and regulations and guidelines issued by the Bank of Italy, the European Banking 
Authority or any other relevant authority, which are applicable to the Issuer (on a standalone basis) or, if 
applicable, the Issuer together with its consolidated Subsidiaries (on a consolidated basis) and which 
prescribe the requirements to be fulfilled by financial instruments for inclusion in the regulatory capital 
of the Issuer (on a standalone or, if applicable, consolidated basis). 
"CRR" means Regulation No. 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 2013 
on prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment firms amending Regulation No. 
648/2012, as amended, supplemented or replaced from time to time, including any successor regulations 
(including, without limitation, as a consequence of the entry into force of the Banking Reform Package). 
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount for any period of time (the 
"Calculation Period"), such day count fraction as may be specified in these Conditions or the applicable 
Final Terms and: 
(i) 
if "Actual/Actual" or "Actual/Actual (ISDA)" is specified, the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period in respect of which payment is being made divided by 365 (or, if any portion 
of that Calculation Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (i) the actual number of days in that 
portion of the Calculation Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (ii) the actual number 
of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(ii) 
if "Actual/Actual (ICMA)" is so specified, means: 
(a) 
where the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Regular Period during 
which it falls, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by the 
product of (1) the actual number of days in such Regular Period and (2) the number of 
Regular Periods in any year; and 
(b) 
where the Calculation Period is longer than one Regular Period, the sum of: 
(A) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the Regular 
 
Period in which it begins divided by the product of (1) the actual 
number of days in such Regular Period and (2) the number of Regular Periods 
in any year; and 
(B) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next 
Regular Period divided by the product of (1) the actual number of days in 
such Regular Period and (2) the number of Regular Periods in any year; 
(iii) 
If "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is specified, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period in 
respect of which payment is being made divided by 365; 
(iv) 
If "Actual/360" is specified, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period in respect of 
which payment is being made divided by 360; 
(v) 
If "30/360", "360/360" or "Bond Basis" is specified, the number of days in the Calculation 
Period in respect of which payment is being made divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis 
as follows: 
Day Count Fraction =
[360x(Y2 −Y1)] + [30x(M2 −M1)] + (D2 −D1)
360
 
Where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls;

--- Page 139 ---
Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes in Physical Form 
10261197493-v5 
- 128 - 
47-41058517 
 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in which 
case D2 will be 30; and 
(vi) 
If "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is specified, the number of days in the Calculation Period 
in respect of which payment is being made divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as 
follows: 
Day Count Fraction =
[360x(Y2 −Y1)] + [30x(M2 −M1)] + (D2 −D1)
360
 
Where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30; and 
(vii) 
If "30E/360 (ISDA)" is specified, the number of days in the Calculation Period in respect of 
which payment is being made divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction =
[360x(Y2 −Y1)] + [30x(M2 −M1)] + (D2 −D1)
360
 
Where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless (i) that 
day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; 
and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the Termination 
Date or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30, 
provided, however, that in each such case the number of days in the Calculation Period is 
calculated from and including the first day of the Calculation Period to but excluding the last 
day of the Calculation Period.

--- Page 140 ---
Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes in Physical Form 
10261197493-v5 
- 129 - 
47-41058517 
 
"Designated Maturity" has the meaning given in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Early Redemption Amount (Regulatory Event)" means in respect of any Note, its principal amount 
or such other amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with, the applicable Final 
Terms. 
"Early Redemption Amount (Tax)" means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or such other 
amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with, the applicable Final Terms. 
"Early Termination Amount" means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or such other amount 
as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with, these Conditions or the applicable Final Terms. 
"Equal Loss Absorbing Instrument" means at any time, any instrument (irrespective of whether such 
instrument is included in the Tier 1 Capital or Tier 2 Capital of the Issuer or the Group and irrespective 
of whether such instrument ranks or is expressed to rank senior to, pari passu with, or junior to the 
Additional Tier 1 Notes) issued directly or indirectly by the Issuer (other than the Additional Tier 1 Notes) 
which contains provisions relating to a write-down (or write-off) (whether on a permanent or temporary 
basis) or conversion into Ordinary Shares of the principal amount of such instrument (in each case in 
accordance with its conditions or otherwise) on the occurrence, or as a result, of the Common Equity 
Tier 1 Capital Ratio of the Issuer and/or the Group falling below a level that is equal to 5.125%, in respect 
of which the conditions (if any) to the operation of such provisions are (or with the giving of any 
certificate or notice which is capable of being given by the Issuer, would be) satisfied. 
"EURIBOR" means, in respect of any specified currency and any specified period, the interest rate 
benchmark known as the Euro zone interbank offered rate which is calculated and published by a 
designated distributor (currently Thomson Reuters) in accordance with the requirements from time to 
time of the European Money Markets Institute (or any other person which takes over the administration 
of that rate) based on estimated interbank borrowing rates for a number of designated currencies and 
maturities which are provided, in respect of each such currency, by a panel of contributor banks (details 
of historic EURIBOR rates can be obtained from the designated distributor). 
"Euro" or "euro" or "€" means the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of the European 
economic and monetary union, and as defined in Article 2 of Council Regulation (EC) No. 974/98 of 3 
May 1998 on the introduction of the euro, as amended. 
"Event of Default" has the meaning given to that term in Condition 19 (Events of Default). 
"Extraordinary Resolution" has the meaning given to that term in the Agency Agreement for the Italian 
Law Notes in Physical Form. 
"Final Redemption Amount" means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount. 
"Fixed Coupon Amount" has the meaning given in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Full Loss Absorbing Instruments" has the meaning given to such term in Condition 13.2 (Loss 
absorption). 
"Group" means the Issuer and its Subsidiaries from time to time (if any). 
"Indebtedness" means any present or future indebtedness (whether principal, premium, interest or other 
amounts) for money borrowed or raised including (without limitation) any indebtedness for or in respect 
of: 
(i) 
amounts raised by acceptance under any acceptance credit facility; 
(ii) 
amounts raised under any note purchase facility; 
(iii) 
the amount of any liability in respect of leases or hire purchase contracts which would, in 
accordance with applicable law and generally accepted accounting principles, be treated as 
finance or capital leases; 
(iv) 
the amount of any liability in respect of any purchase price for assets or services the payment 
of which is deferred for a period in excess of 60 days; and

--- Page 141 ---
Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes in Physical Form 
10261197493-v5 
- 130 - 
47-41058517 
 
(v) 
amounts raised under any other transaction (including, without limitation, any forward sale or 
purchase agreement) having the commercial effect of a borrowing. 
"Initial Principal Amount" means, in respect of an Additional Tier 1 Note, or as the case may be, a 
Written-Down Additional Tier 1 Instrument, the principal amount of such Additional Tier 1 Note or 
Written-Down Additional Tier 1 Instrument, as at the Issue Date or the issue date of the Written-Down 
Additional Tier 1 Instrument, as applicable. 
"Initial Rate of Interest" has the meaning given in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Interest Amount" means, in relation to a Note and an Interest Period, the amount of interest payable in 
respect of that Note for that Interest Period. 
"Interest Basis" has the meaning given in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Interest Commencement Date" means the Issue Date of the Notes or such other date as may be 
specified as the Interest Commencement Date in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Interest Determination Date" has the meaning given in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Interest Payment Date" means the date or dates specified as such in, or determined in accordance with 
the provisions of, the applicable Final Terms and, if a Business Day Convention is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms: 
(i) 
as the same may be adjusted in accordance with the relevant Business Day Convention; or 
(ii) 
if the Business Day Convention is the FRN Convention, Floating Rate Convention or Eurodollar 
Convention and an interval of a number of calendar months is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms as being the Specified Period, each of such dates as may occur in accordance with the 
FRN Convention, Floating Rate Convention or Eurodollar Convention at such Specified Period 
of calendar months following the Interest Commencement Date (in the case of the first Interest 
Payment Date) or the previous Interest Payment Date (in any other case). 
"Interest Period" means each period from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date or any 
Interest Payment Date to (but excluding) the next Interest Payment Date. 
"Intermediate Holding Company" means a Subsidiary of the Issuer which itself has one or more 
Subsidiaries. 
"ISDA Definitions" means the 2000 ISDA Definitions (as amended and updated as at the date of issue 
of the first Tranche of the Notes of the relevant Series (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) as 
published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc.) or, if so specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, the 2006 ISDA Definitions (as amended and updated as at the date of issue of 
the first Tranche of the Notes of the relevant Series (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) as 
published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc.) or the 2021 ISDA Interest Rate 
Derivatives Definitions (as amended and updated as at the date of issue of the first Tranche of the Notes 
of the relevant Series (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) as published by the International Swaps 
and Derivatives Association, Inc.). 
"Issue Date" has the meaning given in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Issue Price" has the meaning given in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Italian Civil Code" means the Italian civil code, enacted by Royal Decree No. 262 of 16 March 1942, 
as subsequently amended and supplemented. 
"Liquidazione Coatta Amministrativa" means Liquidazione Coatta Amministrativa as described in 
Articles 80 to 94 of the Consolidated Banking Law. 
"Loss Absorbing Instrument" means an Equal Loss Absorbing Instrument and/or a Prior Loss 
Absorbing Instrument, as applicable. 
"Loss Absorption Event Notice" means a notice which specifies that a Contingency Event has occurred, 
the Write-Down Amount (as a percentage of the Initial Principal Amount resulting in a pro rata decrease

--- Page 142 ---
Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes in Physical Form 
10261197493-v5 
- 131 - 
47-41058517 
 
in the Prevailing Principal Amount of each Additional Tier 1 Note), including the method of calculation 
of the Write-Down Amount, and the Write-Down Effective Date. 
"Loss Absorption Requirement" means the power of the Relevant Authority to require that Own Funds 
instruments or other liabilities of the Issuer or entities of the Group (as the case may be) are subject to 
full or partial write-down of the principal or conversion into instruments treated as Common Equity Tier 
1 Capital or other instruments of ownership. 
"Margin" has the meaning given in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Material Subsidiary" means, at any time, any Subsidiary of the Issuer which accounts for 15 per cent. 
or more of the Consolidated Net Banking Income, Consolidated Profit Before Tax or Consolidated Total 
Assets and, for these purposes: 
(i) 
the Consolidated Net Banking Income, Consolidated Profit Before Tax or Consolidated Total 
Assets will be determined by reference to the then latest audited consolidated annual financial 
statements of the Group (the "Relevant Consolidated Financial Statements"); 
(ii) 
the net banking income or operating income, profit from continuing operations before tax and 
total assets of each Subsidiary (the "Relevant Line Items") will be determined by reference to 
the annual financial statements (whether or not audited) of such Subsidiary and those of its own 
Subsidiaries (if any), in each case upon which the Relevant Consolidated Financial Statements 
have been based, 
provided that: (A) if a Person has become a Subsidiary of the Issuer after the date on which the Relevant 
Consolidated Financial Statements have been prepared, the Relevant Line Items of that Subsidiary will 
be determined by reference to its latest annual financial statements (whether or not audited) and will be 
consolidated if that Subsidiary itself has Subsidiaries; (B) the Relevant Consolidated Financial 
Statements and the corresponding financial statements of each relevant Subsidiary will be adjusted 
(where appropriate) to reflect fairly the Consolidated Net Banking Income, Consolidated Total Assets or 
Consolidated Profit Before Tax and/or the Relevant Line Items of, or represented by, any Person, 
business or assets subsequently acquired or disposed of; and (C) where an Intermediate Holding 
Company has one or more Subsidiaries at least one of which, under this definition, is a Material 
Subsidiary, then such Intermediate Holding Company will be deemed to be a Material Subsidiary. 
"Maturity Date" has the meaning given in the applicable Final Terms.  
"Maturity Period" means the period from and including the Issue Date to but excluding the Maturity 
Date. 
"Maximum Distributable Amount" means any applicable maximum distributable amount relating to 
the Issuer and/or the Group, as the case may be, required to be calculated in accordance with the CRD 
IV Directive and/or any other Applicable Banking Regulation(s) (or any provision of Italian law 
transposing or implementing the CRD IV Directive and/or, if relevant, any other Applicable Banking 
Regulation(s)) if the Issuer and/or the Group is failing to meet any applicable requirements or any buffers 
relating to such requirements including, without limitation, the maximum distributable amount (MDA) 
required to be calculated in accordance with Article 141 of the CRD IV Directive, the maximum 
distributable amount related to the minimum requirement for Own Funds and eligible liabilities (M-MDA) 
required to be calculated in accordance with Article 16a of the BRRD, if a corresponding payment 
restriction provision is applicable to the Issuer or the Group (as the case may be) at that point in time.  
"Maximum Redemption Amount" has the meaning given in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Maximum Write-Up Amount" means: 
(a) 
if the Relevant Net Banking Income for the relevant Write-Up is equal to the Consolidated Net 
Banking Income, the Consolidated Net Banking Income multiplied by the sum of the aggregate 
Initial Principal Amount of the Additional Tier 1 Notes and the aggregate initial principal 
amount of all Written-Down Additional Tier 1 Instruments of the Group, and divided by the 
total Tier 1 Capital of the Group as at the date of the relevant Write-Up; or 
(b) 
if the Relevant Net Banking Income for the relevant Write-Up is equal to the Net Banking 
Income, the Net Banking Income multiplied by the sum of the aggregate Initial Principal 
Amount of the Additional Tier 1 Notes and the aggregate initial principal amount of all Written-

--- Page 143 ---
Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes in Physical Form 
10261197493-v5 
- 132 - 
47-41058517 
 
Down Additional Tier 1 Instruments of the Issuer, and divided by the total Tier 1 Capital of the 
Issuer as at the date of the relevant Write-Up. 
"Mid Swap Benchmark Rate" means EURIBOR if the Specified Currency is euro or the rate indicated 
in the applicable Final Terms if the Specified Currency is not Euro. 
"Mid Swap Maturity" has the meaning specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Mid Swap Rate" means for any Reset Period the arithmetic mean of the bid and offered rates for the 
fixed leg payable with a frequency equivalent to the frequency with which scheduled interest payments 
are payable on the Notes during the relevant Reset Period (calculated on the day count basis customary 
for fixed rate payments in the Specified Currency as determined by the Calculation Agent) of a fixed-
for-floating interest rate swap transaction in the Specified Currency which transaction (a) has a term 
equal to the relevant Reset Period commencing on the relevant Reset Date; (b) is in an amount that is 
representative for a single transaction in the relevant market at the relevant time with an acknowledged 
dealer of good credit in the swap market; and (c) has a floating leg based on the Mid Swap Benchmark 
Rate for the Mid Swap Maturity as specified in the Final Terms (calculated on the day count basis 
customary for floating rate payments in the Specified Currency as determined by the Calculation Agent). 
"Minimum Redemption Amount" has the meaning given in the applicable Final Terms. 
"MREL Disqualification Event" means that, by reason of the introduction of or a change in MREL 
Requirements, which was not reasonably foreseeable by the Issuer at the Issue Date of the Senior Notes 
or Senior Non-Preferred Notes, all or part of the aggregate outstanding nominal amount of such Series 
of Senior Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes are or will be excluded fully or partially from the eligible 
liabilities available to meet the MREL Requirements. For the avoidance of doubt: (a) the exclusion of a 
Series of Senior Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes from the MREL Requirements due to the 
remaining maturity of such Senior Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes being less than any period 
prescribed thereunder, does not constitute a MREL Disqualification Event; and (b) the exclusion of all 
or some of a Series of Senior Notes from the MREL Requirements due to there being insufficient 
headroom for such Senior Notes within a prescribed exception to the otherwise applicable general 
requirements for eligible liabilities does not constitute an MREL Disqualification Event. 
"MREL Requirements" means the laws, regulations, requirements, guidelines, rules, standards and 
policies relating to minimum requirements for Own Funds and eligible liabilities and/or loss-absorbing 
capacity instruments applicable to the Issuer and/or the Group, from time to time (including any 
applicable transitional provisions), including, without limitation to the generality of the foregoing, any 
delegated or implementing acts (such as regulatory technical standards) adopted by the European 
Commission and any regulations, requirements, guidelines, rules, standards and policies relating to 
minimum requirements for Own Funds and eligible liabilities and/or loss absorbing capacity instruments 
adopted by the Republic of Italy or the Relevant Authority or a Relevant Resolution Authority from time 
to time (whether or not such requirements, guidelines or policies are applied generally or specifically to 
the Issuer and/or the Group), as any of the preceding laws, regulations, requirements, guidelines, rules, 
standards, policies or interpretations may be amended, supplemented, superseded or replaced from time 
to time. 
"Net Banking Income" means, in respect of any Relevant Period, the non-consolidated net banking 
income of the Issuer for that Relevant Period. 
"Optional Redemption Amount (Call)" means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or such 
other amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with, the applicable Final Terms. 
"Optional Redemption Amount (Put)" means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or such 
other amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with, the applicable Final Terms. 
"Optional Redemption Date(s) (Call)" has the meaning given in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Optional Redemption Date(s) (Put)" has the meaning given in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Ordinary Shares" means the ordinary shares of the Issuer. 
"Own Funds" has the meaning given to such term (or any equivalent or successor term) in the Applicable 
Banking Regulations.

--- Page 144 ---
Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes in Physical Form 
10261197493-v5 
- 133 - 
47-41058517 
 
"Participating Member State" means a Member State of the European Union which adopts the Euro as 
its lawful currency in accordance with the Treaty. 
"Payment Business Day" means: 
(i) 
if the currency of payment is Euro, any day which is: 
(a) 
a day on which banks in the relevant place of presentation are open for presentation 
and payment of bearer debt securities and for dealings in foreign currencies; and 
(b) 
in the case of payment by transfer to an account, a TARGET Settlement Day and a day 
on which dealings in foreign currencies may be carried on in each (if any) Additional 
Financial Centre; or 
(ii) 
if the currency of payment is not euro, any day which is: 
(a) 
a day on which banks in the relevant place of presentation are open for presentation 
and payment of bearer debt securities and for dealings in foreign currencies; and 
(b) 
in the case of payment by transfer to an account, a day on which dealings in foreign 
currencies may be carried on in the Principal Financial Centre of the currency of 
payment and in each (if any) Additional Financial Centre. 
"Person" means any individual, company, corporation, firm, partnership, joint venture, association, 
organisation, state or agency of a state or other entity, whether or not having separate legal personality. 
"Prevailing Principal Amount" means, in respect of an Additional Tier 1 Note on any date, the Initial 
Principal Amount of such Additional Tier 1 Note as reduced from time to time (on one or more occasions) 
pursuant to a Write-Down and/or reinstated from time to time (on one or more occasions) pursuant to a 
Write-Up in each case on or prior to such date. 
"Principal Financial Centre" means, in relation to any currency, the principal financial centre for that 
currency provided, however, that: 
(i) 
in relation to Euro, it means the principal financial centre of such Member State of the European 
Union as is selected (in the case of a payment) by the payee or (in the case of a calculation) by 
the Calculation Agent; and 
(ii) 
in relation to Australian dollars, it means either Sydney or Melbourne and, in relation to New 
Zealand dollars, it means either Wellington or Auckland; in each case as is selected (in the case 
of a payment) by the payee or (in the case of a calculation) by the Calculation Agent. 
"Prior Loss Absorbing Instrument" means, at any time, any instrument (irrespective of whether such 
instrument is included in the Tier 1 Capital or Tier 2 Capital of the Issuer or the Group and irrespective 
of whether such instrument ranks or is expressed to rank senior to, pari passu with, or junior to the Notes) 
issued directly or indirectly by the Issuer which contains provisions relating to a write-down (or write-
off) (whether on a permanent or temporary basis) or conversion into Ordinary Shares of the principal 
amount of such instrument (in each case in accordance with its conditions or otherwise) on the occurrence, 
or as a result, of the Common Equity Tier 1 Capital Ratio of the Issuer and/or the Group falling below a 
level that is higher than 5.125%, in respect of which the conditions (if any) to the operation of such 
provisions are (or with the giving of any certificate or notice which is capable of being given by the 
Issuer, would be) satisfied. 
"Prudential Regulations for Banks" means the Bank of Italy's Disposizioni di Vigilanza per le Banche, 
as set out in Bank of Italy Circular No. 285 of 17 December 2013, as amended or supplemented from 
time to time, including any successor regulations. 
"Put Option Notice" means a notice which must be delivered to a Paying Agent by any Noteholder 
wanting to exercise a right to redeem a Note at the option of the Noteholder. 
"Put Option Receipt" means a receipt issued by a Paying Agent to a depositing Noteholder upon deposit 
of a Note with such Paying Agent by any Noteholder wanting to exercise a right to redeem a Note at the 
option of the Noteholder.

--- Page 145 ---
Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes in Physical Form 
10261197493-v5 
- 134 - 
47-41058517 
 
"Rate of Interest" means the rate or rates (expressed as a percentage per annum) of interest payable in 
respect of the Notes specified in the applicable Final Terms or calculated or determined in accordance 
with the provisions of these Conditions and/or the applicable Final Terms. 
"Redemption Amount" means, as appropriate, the Final Redemption Amount, the Early Redemption 
Amount (Tax), the Early Redemption Amount (Regulatory Event), the Optional Redemption Amount 
(Call), the Optional Redemption Amount (Put), the Early Termination Amount. 
"Reference Banks" has the meaning given in the applicable Final Terms or, if none, four (or if the 
Principal Financial Centre is Helsinki, five) major banks selected by the Issuer in the market that is most 
closely connected with the Reference Rate or Mid Swap Rate. 
"Reference Bond" means for any Reset Period a government security or securities issued by the state 
responsible for issuing the Specified Currency (which, if the Specified Currency is Euro, shall be 
Germany) selected by the Issuer on the advice of an investment bank of international repute as having 
an actual or interpolated maturity comparable with the relevant Reset Period that would be utilised, at 
the time of selection and in accordance with customary financial practice, in pricing new issues of 
corporate debt securities denominated in the same currency as the Notes and of a comparable maturity 
to the relevant Reset Period. 
"Reference Currency" has the meaning given in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Reference Price" has the meaning given in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Reference Rate" means EURIBOR, CMS Rate, SONIA, SONIA COMPOUNDED Index or €STR as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms in respect of the currency and period specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
"Regular Period" means: 
(i) 
in the case of Notes where interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular payments, 
each period from and including the Interest Commencement Date to but excluding the first 
Interest Payment Date and each successive period from and including one Interest Payment Date 
to but excluding the next Interest Payment Date; 
(ii) 
in the case of Notes where, apart from the first Interest Period, interest is scheduled to be paid 
only by means of regular payments, each period from and including a Regular Date falling in 
any year to but excluding the next Regular Date, where "Regular Date" means the day and 
month (but not the year) on which any Interest Payment Date falls; and 
(iii) 
in the case of Notes where, apart from one Interest Period other than the first Interest Period, 
interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular payments, each period from and 
including a Regular Date falling in any year to but excluding the next Regular Date, where 
"Regular Date" means the day and month (but not the year) on which any Interest Payment Date 
falls other than the Interest Payment Date falling at the end of the irregular Interest Period. 
"Regulatory Event" is deemed to have occurred if there is a change in the regulatory classification of 
the Subordinated Notes after the Issue Date that would be likely to result in their exclusion, in whole or 
in part, from Tier 2 Capital of the Issuer (save where the exclusion from Tier 2 Capital of the Issuer is 
solely (A) a result of any applicable limitation on the amount of such capital, or (B) in accordance with 
any requirement that recognition of such Series of Subordinated Notes as part of the Tier 2 Capital of the 
Issuer be amortised in the five years prior to maturity of such Notes, in either (A) or (B) in accordance 
with Applicable Banking Regulations in force as at the date on which agreement is reached to issue the 
first Tranche of such Series of Subordinated Notes) and, in case the Regulatory Event has occurred before 
five years from the issue of the relevant Subordinated Notes, both of the following conditions are met: 
(i) the Relevant Authority considers such a change to be sufficiently certain and (ii) the Issuer 
demonstrates to the satisfaction of the Relevant Authority that the change in regulatory classification of 
the Notes was not reasonably foreseeable as at the Issue Date. 
"Relevant Authority" means the Bank of Italy or such other authority (including the European Central 
Bank) having primary responsibility for prudential oversight and supervision of the Issuer and/or the 
Group from time to time and/or, as the context may require, the "resolution authority" or the "competent 
authority" as defined under BRRD and/or SRM Regulation.

--- Page 146 ---
Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes in Physical Form 
10261197493-v5 
- 135 - 
47-41058517 
 
"Relevant Date" means, in relation to any payment, whichever is the later of (A) the date on which such 
payment first becomes due and (B) if the full amount payable has not been received in the Principal 
Financial Centre of the currency of payment by the Agent on or prior to such due date, the date on which, 
the full amount having been so received, notice to that effect shall have been given to the Noteholders 
and Couponholders in accordance with Condition 20 (Notices). 
"Relevant Financial Centre" has the meaning given in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Relevant Indebtedness" means any Indebtedness which is in the form of or represented by, any note, 
bond, debenture, debenture stock, loan stock, certificate or other security or instrument which is, or is 
capable of being, traded, quoted, listed or dealt in on any stock exchange, over-the-counter or other 
securities market. 
"Relevant Jurisdiction" means the Republic of Italy or any political subdivision or any authority thereof 
or therein having power to tax or any other jurisdiction or any political subdivision or any authority 
thereof or therein having power to tax to which the Issuer becomes subject in respect of payments made 
by it of principal and interest on the Notes or the Coupons. 
"Relevant Net Banking Income" means the lower of the Net Banking Income and the Consolidated Net 
Banking Income. 
"Relevant Period" means a twelve-month period ending on 31 December in each year. 
"Relevant Resolution Authority" means the Italian resolution authority, the Single Resolution Board 
(SRB) established pursuant to the SRM Regulation and/or any other authority entitled to exercise or 
participate in the exercise of any Resolution Power or Bail-in Power from time to time. 
"Relevant Screen Page" means the page, section or other part of a particular information service 
(including, without limitation, the Reuters Money 3000 Service) specified as the Relevant Screen Page 
in the applicable Final Terms, or such other page, section or other part as may replace it on that 
information service or such other information service, in each case, as may be nominated by the Person 
providing or sponsoring the information appearing there for the purpose of displaying rates or prices 
comparable to the Reference Rate. 
"Relevant Swap Rate" means: 
(i) 
where the Reference Currency is Euro, the mid-market annual swap rate determined on the basis 
of the arithmetic mean of the bid and offered rates for the annual fixed leg, calculated on a 
30/360 day count basis, of a fixed for floating euro interest rate swap transaction with a term 
equal to the Designated Maturity commencing on the first day of the relevant Interest Period 
and in a Representative Amount with an acknowledged dealer of good credit in the swap market, 
where the floating leg, in each case calculated on an Actual/360 day count basis, is equivalent 
to EUR EURIBOR Reuters (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) with a designated maturity 
determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to standard market practice and/or the ISDA 
Definitions; 
(ii) 
where the Reference Currency is any other currency or if the Final Terms specify otherwise, the 
mid-market swap rate as determined in accordance with the applicable Final Terms. 
"Relevant Time" has the meaning given in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Representative Amount" means an amount that is representative for a single transaction in the relevant 
market at the relevant time. 
"Reserved Matter" has the meaning given to it in the Agency Agreement for the Italian Law Notes in 
Physical Form and includes any proposal to change any date fixed for payment of principal or interest in 
respect of the Notes, to reduce the amount of principal or interest payable on any date in respect of the 
Notes, to alter the method of calculating the amount of any payment in respect of the Notes or the date 
for any such payment, to change the currency of any payment under the Notes or to change the quorum 
requirements relating to meetings or the majority required to pass an Extraordinary Resolution. 
"Reset Date(s)" means the date(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 147 ---
Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes in Physical Form 
10261197493-v5 
- 136 - 
47-41058517 
 
"Reset Determination Date" means, for each Reset Period, the date as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms falling on or before the commencement of such Reset Period on which the rate of interest applying 
during such Reset Period will be determined. 
"Reset Margin" means the margin specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Reset Period" means the period from (and including) the first Reset Date to (but excluding) the Maturity 
Date if there is only one Reset Period or, if there is more than one Reset Period, each period from (and 
including) one Reset Date (or the first Reset Date) to (but excluding) the next Reset Date up to (but 
excluding) the Maturity Date. 
"Reset Rate" for any Reset Period means the sum of (i) the applicable Reset Reference Rate and (ii) the 
applicable Reset Margin (rounded down to four decimal places, with 0.00005 being rounded down) (with 
such sum converted (if necessary) from a basis equivalent to the duration of the Reset Reference Rate to 
a basis equivalent to the frequency with which scheduled interest payments are payable on the Notes 
during the relevant Reset Period (such calculation to be made by the Calculation Agent)). 
"Reset Rate Screen Page" has the meaning specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Reset Rate Time" has the meaning specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Reset Reference Rate" means either: 
(i) 
if "Mid Swaps" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Mid Swap Rate displayed on the 
Reset Rate Screen Page at or around the Reset Rate Time on the relevant Reset Determination 
Date for such Reset Period; or 
(ii) 
if "Reference Bond" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the annual yield to maturity or 
interpolated yield to maturity (on the relevant day count basis) of the relevant Reference Bond, 
assuming a price for such Reference Bond (expressed as a percentage of its nominal amount) 
equal to the relevant Reference Bond Price. 
"Risk Weighted Assets" means, at any time, the aggregate amount of the risk weighted assets of the 
Issuer or the Group, as the case may be, at such time calculated by the Issuer in accordance with the 
Applicable Banking Regulations, which calculation shall be binding on Noteholders. 
"Senior Non-Preferred Notes" means Notes specified in the applicable Final Terms as Senior Non-
Preferred obligations and intended to qualify as strumenti di debito chirografario di secondo livello of 
the Issuer, as defined under, and for the purposes of, Article 12-bis and Article 91, section 1-bis, letter c-
bis of the Consolidated Banking Law, as amended from time to time, and any relevant implementing 
regulation which may be enacted for such purposes by any Relevant Authority. 
"Senior Note" means a Note specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Senior Notes (and, for the 
avoidance of doubt, excludes Senior Non-Preferred Notes). 
"Specified Currency" has the meaning given in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Specified Denomination(s)" has the meaning given in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Specified Office" has the meaning given in the Agency Agreement for the Italian Law Notes in Physical 
Form. 
"Specified Period" has the meaning given in the applicable Final Terms. 
"SRM" means the Single Resolution Mechanism established pursuant to Regulation (EU) No. 806/2014 
of the European Parliament and of the Council, as amended, supplemented or replaced from time to time. 
"SRM Regulation" means Regulation (EU) No. 806/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council 
of 15 July 2014 establishing uniform rules and a uniform procedure for the resolution of credit institutions 
and certain investment firms in the framework of a Single Resolution Mechanism and a Single Resolution 
Fund and amending Regulation (EU) No 1093/2010, as amended or replaced from time to time (including 
by SRM II Regulation);

--- Page 148 ---
Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes in Physical Form 
10261197493-v5 
- 137 - 
47-41058517 
 
"SRM II Regulation" means Regulation (EU) No. 2019/877 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 20 May 2019 amending Regulation (EU) No. 806/2014 as regards the loss absorbing and 
recapitalisation capacity of credit institutions and investment firms; 
"Subordinated Notes" means Notes specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, being Notes 
intended to qualify as Tier 2 Capital for regulatory capital purposes, in accordance with Part II, Chapter 
1 of the Prudential Regulations for Banks and Article 63 of the CRR. 
"Subsidiary" means, in respect of the Issuer at any particular time, any società controllata, as defined 
in Article 2359 of the Italian Civil Code. 
"T2" means the real time gross settlement system operated by the Eurosystem, or any successor system. 
"Talon" means a talon for further Coupons. 
"TARGET Settlement Day" means any day on which the T2 is open for the settlement of payments in 
euro. 
"Tier 1 Capital" has the meaning given to it by (i) the Relevant Authority from time to time or (ii) any 
regulation, directive or other binding rules, standards or decisions adopted by the institutions of the 
European Union from time to time, as applicable; 
"Tier 2 Capital" has the meaning given to it by (i) the Relevant Authority from time to time or (ii) any 
regulation, directive or other binding rules, standards or decisions adopted by the institutions of the 
European Union from time to time, as applicable. 
"Treaty" means the Treaty establishing the European Union, as amended. 
"Write-Down Amount" means the amount by which the then Prevailing Principal Amount of each 
outstanding Additional Tier 1 Note is to be Written Down with effect as of the Write-Down Effective 
Date on a pro rata basis pursuant to a Write-Down, being: 
(i) 
the amount that (together with (a) the concurrent Write-Down of the other Additional Tier 1 
Notes and (b) the concurrent or substantially concurrent write-down (or write-off) or conversion 
to the extent possible of any Loss Absorbing Instruments) would be sufficient to cure the 
Contingency Event(s); or 
(ii) 
if that Write-Down (together with (a) the concurrent Write-Down of the other Additional Tier 
1 Notes and (b) the concurrent or substantially concurrent write-down (or write-off) or 
conversion of any Loss Absorbing Instruments) would be insufficient to cure the Contingency 
Event(s), or the Contingency Event(s) is not capable of being cured, the amount necessary to 
reduce the Prevailing Principal Amount to the sub-unit of the Specified Currency. 
"Write-Down Effective Date" means the date on which the Write-Down will take effect. 
"Written-Down Additional Tier 1 Instrument" means an instrument (other than the Additional Tier 1 
Notes) issued directly or indirectly by the Issuer and qualifying as Additional Tier 1 Capital of the Issuer 
or, as applicable, the Group that, as at the time immediately prior to the relevant Write-Up, has a 
Prevailing Principal Amount lower than the Initial Principal Amount due to a write-down and that has 
terms permitting a principal write-up to occur on a basis similar to that set out in Condition 13.4 
(Reinstatement of principal amount) in the circumstances existing on the date of the relevant Write-Up. 
"Zero Coupon Note" means a Note specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Save as the context otherwise provides, any reference in these Conditions to a provision of law, decree 
or regulation is a reference to that provision as amended or re-enacted. 
6. 
INTEREST 
The applicable Final Terms will indicate whether the Notes are Fixed Rate Notes, Reset Rate Notes, 
Floating Rate Notes, CMS Linked Interest Notes or Zero Coupon Note.

--- Page 149 ---
Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes in Physical Form 
10261197493-v5 
- 138 - 
47-41058517 
 
7. 
FIXED RATE NOTE PROVISIONS 
7.1 
Application 
This Condition 7 (Fixed Rate Note Provisions) is applicable to the Notes only if (a) the Fixed Rate Note 
Provisions are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable or (b) if a Change of Interest 
Basis is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable, in respect of those Interest Periods 
for which the Fixed Rate Note Provisions are stated to apply. 
7.2 
Interest Accrual 
The Notes bear interest from the Interest Commencement Date at the Rate of Interest (in respect of the 
relevant Interest Period) payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date, subject as provided in 
Condition 14 (Payments). Each Note will cease to bear interest from the due date for final redemption 
unless, upon due presentation, payment of the Redemption Amount is improperly withheld or refused or 
unless default is otherwise made in respect of payment. In such events, it will continue to bear interest in 
accordance with this Condition 7 (Fixed Rate Note Provisions) (both before and after judgment) until 
whichever is the earlier of: 
(i) 
the day on which all amounts due in respect of such Note up to that day are received by or on 
behalf of the relevant Noteholder; and 
(ii) 
the day falling seven calendar days after the Agent has notified the Noteholders of receipt of all 
sums due in respect of all Notes up to that seventh calendar day (except to the extent that there 
is any subsequent default in payment in accordance with these Conditions) in accordance with 
Condition 20 (Notices). 
7.3 
Fixed Coupon Amount 
The amount of interest payable in respect of each Note for any Interest Period shall be the relevant Fixed 
Coupon Amount and, if the Notes are in more than one Specified Denomination, shall be the relevant 
Fixed Coupon Amount in respect of the relevant Specified Denomination. 
7.4 
Calculation of Interest Amount 
The amount of interest payable in respect of each Note for any period for which a Fixed Coupon Amount 
is not specified shall be calculated by applying the Rate of Interest to the Calculation Amount, 
multiplying the product by the relevant Day Count Fraction and rounding the resulting figure to the 
nearest sub-unit of the Specified Currency (half a sub-unit being rounded upwards). For this purpose a 
"sub-unit" means, in the case of any currency other than Euro, the lowest amount of such currency that 
is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, in the case of Euro, means one cent. 
Where the Specified Denomination of a Fixed Rate Note comprises more than one Calculation Amount, 
the Amount of interest payable in respect of such Fixed Rate Note shall be the aggregate of the amounts 
(determined in the manner provided above) for each Calculation Amount comprising the Specified 
Denomination without any further rounding. 
8. 
RESET RATE NOTE PROVISIONS 
8.1 
Application 
This Condition 8 (Reset Rate Note Provisions) is applicable to the Notes only if the applicable Final 
Terms specifies the Interest Basis reset on Reset Date as being applicable. 
8.2 
Interest Basis Reset Provisions 
The Notes will bear interest in respect of the Reset Period (or, if there is more than one Reset Period, 
each successive Reset Period thereafter) at the relevant Reset Rate (to be determined by the Calculation 
Agent on the relevant Reset Determination Date in accordance with this Condition 8) payable, subject as 
provided in Condition 14 (Payments), in arrears on the Interest Payment Date(s) specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
8.3 
Interest Accrual 
The Notes bear interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date to (but excluding) the 
Reset Date (or, if there is more than one Reset Period, the first Reset Date occurring after the Issue Date),

--- Page 150 ---
Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes in Physical Form 
10261197493-v5 
- 139 - 
47-41058517 
 
at the Initial Rate of Interest payable, subject as provided in Condition 9 (Payments), in arrears on the 
Interest Payment Date specified in the applicable Final Terms. Each Note will cease to bear interest from 
the due date for final redemption unless, upon due presentation, payment of the Redemption Amount is 
improperly withheld or refused or unless default is otherwise made in respect of payment. In such events, 
it will continue to bear interest in accordance with this Condition 8 (Reset Rate Note Provisions) (both 
before and after judgment) until whichever is the earlier of: 
(i) 
the day on which all amounts due in respect of such Note up to that day are received by or on 
behalf of the relevant Noteholder; and 
(ii) 
the day falling seven calendar days after the Agent has notified the Noteholders of receipt of all 
sums due in respect of all Notes up to that seventh calendar day (except to the extent that there 
is any subsequent default in payment in accordance with these Conditions) in accordance with 
Condition 20 (Notices). 
8.4 
Reset Rate Screen Page 
Subject to Condition 9.10 (Benchmark Replacement), if the Reset Rate Screen Page is not available, the 
Issuer shall request each of the Reference Banks to provide the Calculation Agent with its offered 
quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reset Reference Rate at approximately the 
Reset Rate Time on the Reset Determination Date in question. If two or more of the Reference Banks 
provide the Calculation Agent with offered quotations, the Reset Rate for the relevant Reset Period shall 
be the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded 
upwards) of the offered quotations plus or minus (as appropriate) the applicable Reset Margin (if any), 
all as determined by the Calculation Agent. If on any Reset Determination Date only one or none of the 
Reference Banks provides the Calculation Agent with an offered quotation as provided in the foregoing 
provisions of this Condition 8 (Reset Rate Note Provisions), the Reset Rate shall be determined as at the 
last preceding Reset Determination Date or, in the case of the first Reset Determination Date, the Reset 
Rate shall be the Initial Rate of Interest. 
8.5 
Calculation of Interest Amount 
The Calculation Agent will calculate the Interest Amount payable on the Reset Rate Notes for each 
relevant period (in the case of Interest Periods falling after the Reset Date, as soon as practicable after 
the time at which the Reset Reference Rate is to be determined in relation to such Reset Interest Period) 
by applying the Initial Rate of Interest or the applicable Reset Rate (as the case may be) to the Calculation 
Amount and multiplying the product by the relevant Day Count Fraction and rounding the resulting 
figure to the nearest sub-unit of the Specified Currency (half a sub-unit being rounded upwards). For this 
purpose a "sub-unit" means, in the case of any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such 
currency that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, in the case of euro, means 
one cent. Where the Specified Denomination of a Note comprises more than one Calculation Amount, 
the Interest Amount payable in respect of such Note shall be aggregate of the amounts (determined in 
the manner provided above) for each Calculation Amount comprising the Specified Denomination 
without any further rounding. 
8.6 
Publication 
The Calculation Agent will cause each Reset Rate and each Interest Amount determined by it for each 
Reset Period, together with the relevant Interest Payment Date, and any other amount(s) required to be 
determined by it together with any relevant payment date(s) to be notified to the Issuer, Paying Agents 
and each competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system (if any) by which the Notes have 
then been admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation as soon as practicable after such determination but 
(in the case of each Reset Rate, Interest Amount and Interest Payment Date) in any event not later than 
the first day of the relevant Interest Period. Notice thereof shall also promptly be given to the Noteholders. 
The Calculation Agent will be entitled to recalculate any Interest Amount (on the basis of the foregoing 
provisions) in the event of an extension or shortening of the relevant Interest Period. If the Calculation 
Amount is less than the minimum Specified Denomination the Calculation Agent shall not be obliged to 
publish each Interest Amount but instead may publish only the Calculation Amount and the Interest 
Amount in respect of a Note having the minimum Specified Denomination. 
8.7 
Notifications 
All notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, calculations, quotations and decisions given, 
expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of this Condition 8 (Reset Rate Note Provisions) by the

--- Page 151 ---
Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes in Physical Form 
10261197493-v5 
- 140 - 
47-41058517 
 
Calculation Agent will (in the absence of manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the Paying Agents, 
the Noteholders and the Couponholders and (subject as aforesaid) no liability to any such Person will 
attach to the Calculation Agent in connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties 
and discretions for such purposes. 
9. 
FLOATING RATE AND CMS LINKED INTEREST NOTE PROVISIONS 
9.1 
Application 
This Condition 9 (Floating Rate and CMS Linked Interest Note Provisions) is applicable to the Notes 
only if (a) the Floating Rate Note Provisions or CMS Linked Interest Note Provisions are specified in 
the applicable Final Terms as being applicable or (b) if a Change of Interest Basis is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms as being applicable, in respect of those periods for which the Floating Rate Note 
Provisions or the CMS Linked Interest Note Provisions are stated to apply. 
9.2 
Interest Accrual 
The Notes bear interest from the Interest Commencement Date at the Rate of Interest payable in arrears 
on each Interest Payment Date, subject as provided in Condition 14 (Payments). Each Note will cease to 
bear interest from the due date for final redemption unless, upon due presentation, payment of the 
Redemption Amount is improperly withheld or refused or unless default is otherwise made in respect of 
payment. In such events, it will continue to bear interest in accordance with this Condition 9 (Floating 
Rate and CMS Linked Interest Note Provisions) (both before and after judgment) until whichever is the 
earlier of: 
(i) 
the day on which all amounts due in respect of such Note up to that day are received by or on 
behalf of the relevant Noteholder; and 
(ii) 
the day falling seven calendar days after the Agent has notified the Noteholders of receipt of all 
sums due in respect of all Notes up to that seventh calendar day (except to the extent that there 
is any subsequent default in payment in accordance with these Conditions) in accordance with 
Condition 20 (Notices). 
9.3 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes other than CMS Linked and SONIA Linked 
Interest Notes 
If Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate(s) 
of Interest is/are to be determined and "CMS Rate" or "SONIA" is not specified as the Reference Rate 
in the applicable Final Terms, the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes for each Interest Period will be 
determined by the Calculation Agent on the following basis, subject to Condition 9.10 (Benchmark 
Replacement): 
(i) 
if the Reference Rate is a composite quotation or customarily supplied by one entity, the 
Calculation Agent will determine the Reference Rate which appears on the Relevant Screen 
Page as of the Relevant Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date; 
(ii) 
in any other case, the Calculation Agent will determine the arithmetic mean of the Reference 
Rates which appear on the Relevant Screen Page as of the Relevant Time on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date; 
(iii) 
if, in the case of (i) above, such rate does not appear on that page or, in the case of (ii) above, 
fewer than two such rates appear on that page or if, in either case, the Relevant Screen Page is 
unavailable: 
(a) 
the Issuer will request the principal Relevant Financial Centre office of each of the 
Reference Banks to provide the Calculation Agent with a quotation of the Reference 
Rate at approximately the Relevant Time on the Interest Determination Date to prime 
banks in the Relevant Financial Centre interbank market in an amount that is 
representative for a single transaction in that market at that time; and 
(b) 
the Calculation Agent will determine the arithmetic mean of such quotations; and 
(iv) 
if fewer than two such quotations are provided as requested, the Calculation Agent will 
determine the arithmetic mean of the rates (being the nearest to the Reference Rate, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent) quoted by major banks in the Principal Financial Centre

--- Page 152 ---
Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes in Physical Form 
10261197493-v5 
- 141 - 
47-41058517 
 
of the Specified Currency, selected by the Issuer, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (local time in the 
Principal Financial Centre of the Specified Currency) on the first day of the relevant Interest 
Period for loans in the Specified Currency to leading European banks for a period equal to the 
relevant Interest Period and in an amount that is representative for a single transaction in that 
market at that time, 
and the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be the sum of the Margin and the rate or (as the 
case may be) the arithmetic mean so determined; provided, however, that if the Calculation Agent is 
unable to determine a rate or (as the case may be) an arithmetic mean in accordance with the above 
provisions in relation to any Interest Period, the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes during such 
Interest Period will be the sum of the Margin and the rate or (as the case may be) the arithmetic mean 
last determined in relation to the Notes in respect of a preceding Interest Period. 
9.4 
 
(i) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes which are CMS Linked Interest Notes 
If Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate(s) 
of Interest is/are to be determined and "CMS Rate" is specified as the Reference Rate in the applicable 
Final Terms, the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes for each Interest Period will be determined by 
the Calculation Agent by reference to the following formula, subject to Condition 9.10 (Benchmark 
Replacement): 
CMS Rate plus Margin 
If the Relevant Screen Page is not available, the Issuer shall request each of the CMS Reference Banks 
to provide the Calculation Agent with its quotation for the Relevant Swap Rate at approximately 11.00 
a.m. (local time in the Principal Financial Centre of the Specified Currency) on the Interest Determination 
Date in question. If at least three of the CMS Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent with such 
quotation, the CMS Rate for such Interest Period shall be the arithmetic mean of such quotations, 
eliminating the highest quotation (or, in the event of equality, one of the highest) and the lowest quotation 
(or, in the event of equality, one of the lowest). 
If on any Interest Determination Date less than three or none of the CMS Reference Banks provides the 
Calculation Agent with such quotations as provided in the preceding paragraph, the CMS Rate shall be 
determined by the Calculation Agent in good faith on such commercial basis as considered appropriate 
by the Calculation Agent in its absolute discretion, in accordance with standard market practice. 
(ii) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes which are linked to SONIA  
This Condition 9.4(ii) is applicable to the Notes only if the Floating Rate Note Provisions are specified 
in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined, and the "Reference 
Rate" is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being "SONIA". 
Where "SONIA" is specified as the Reference Rate in the Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for each 
Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be Compounded Daily SONIA plus or minus (as specified 
in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin, all as determined by the Calculation Agent. For the purposes of 
this paragraph 9.4(ii): 
"Compounded Daily SONIA", with respect to an Interest Period, will be calculated by the Calculation 
Agent on each Interest Determination Date in accordance with the following formula, and the resulting 
percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the fourth decimal place, with 0.00005 being rounded 
upwards: 
቎ෑ൬1 + 
𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑖𝑖 x 𝑛𝑛𝑖𝑖
D
൰
𝑑𝑑𝑜𝑜
𝑖𝑖= 1
−1቏x 
D
𝑑𝑑
 
"d" means the number of calendar days in: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, the relevant 
Interest Period; or

--- Page 153 ---
Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes in Physical Form 
10261197493-v5 
- 142 - 
47-41058517 
 
(ii) where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, 
the relevant Observation Period; 
"D" is the number specified in the relevant Final Terms (or, if no such number is specified, 365); 
"do" means the number of London Banking Days in: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, the relevant 
Interest Period; or 
(ii) where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, 
the relevant Observation Period; 
"i" means a series of whole numbers from one to do, each representing the relevant London Banking Day 
in chronological order from, and including, the first London Banking Day in: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, the relevant 
Interest Period; or 
(ii) where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, 
the relevant Observation Period; 
to, and including, the last London Banking Day in such period; 
"Interest Determination Date" means, in respect of any Interest Period, the date falling "p" London 
Banking Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period (or the date falling p London 
Banking Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on which the Notes are due and payable).  
"London Banking Day" means any day on which commercial banks are open for general business 
(including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in London; 
"ni" for any London Banking Day "i", in the relevant Interest Period or Observation Period (as applicable) 
is the number of calendar days from, and including, such London Banking Day "i" up to, but excluding, 
the following London Banking Day; 
"Observation Period" means, in respect of an Interest Period, the period from, and including, the date 
falling "p" London Banking Days prior to the first day of such Interest Period (and the first Interest Period 
shall begin on and include the Interest Commencement Date) and ending on, but excluding, the date 
which is "p" London Banking Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period (or the 
date falling "p" London Banking Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on which the Notes become due 
and payable); 
"p" for any Interest Period or Observation Period (as applicable), means the number of London Banking 
Days specified as the "Lag Period" or the "Observation Shift Period" (as applicable) in the relevant Final 
Terms or if no such period is specified, five London Banking Days; 
"SONIA Reference Rate" means, in respect of any London Banking Day, a reference rate equal to the 
daily Sterling Overnight Index Average ("SONIA") rate for such London Banking Day as provided by 
the administrator of SONIA to authorised distributors and as then published on the Relevant Screen Page 
(or if the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, as otherwise is published by such authorised distributors) 
on the London Banking Day immediately following such London Banking Day; and 
"SONIAi" means the SONIA Reference Rate for: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, the London 
Banking Day falling "p" London Banking Days prior to the relevant London Banking Day "i"; 
or 
(ii) where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, 
the relevant London Banking Day "i";

--- Page 154 ---
Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes in Physical Form 
10261197493-v5 
- 143 - 
47-41058517 
 
For the avoidance of doubt, the formula for the calculation of Compounded Daily SONIA only compounds 
the SONIA Reference Rate in respect of any London Banking Day. The SONIA Reference Rate applied to 
a day that is a non-London Banking Day will be taken by applying the SONIA Reference Rate for the 
previous London Banking Day but without compounding. 
If, in respect of any London Banking Day in the relevant Interest Period or Observation Period (as 
applicable), the Calculation Agent determines that the SONIA Reference Rate is not available on the 
Relevant Screen Page and has not otherwise been published by the relevant authorised distributors, such 
SONIA Reference Rate shall, subject to Condition 9.10 (Benchmark Replacement), be:  
(A) 
the sum of (a) the Bank of England's Bank Rate (the "Bank Rate") prevailing at close of business 
on the relevant London Banking Day; and (b) the mean of the spread of the SONIA Reference Rate 
to the Bank Rate over the previous five London Banking Days on which a SONIA Reference Rate 
has been published, excluding the highest spread (or, if there is more than one highest spread, one 
only of those highest spreads) and lowest spread (or, if there is more than one lowest spread, one 
only of those lowest spreads) to the Bank Rate; or 
(B) 
if the Bank Rate is not published by the Bank of England at close of business on the relevant London 
Banking Day, (a) the SONIA Reference Rate published on the Relevant Screen Page (or otherwise 
published by the relevant authorised distributors) for the first preceding London Banking Day on 
which the SONIA Reference Rate was published on the Relevant Screen Page (or otherwise 
published by the relevant authorised distributors) or (b) if this is more recent, the latest determined 
rate under (A). 
Subject to Condition 9.10 (Benchmark Replacement), if the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in 
accordance with the foregoing provisions of this Condition 9.4(ii), the Rate of Interest shall be (A) that 
determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date (though substituting, where a different 
Margin is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last preceding 
Interest Period, the Margin relating to the relevant Interest Period, in place of the Margin relating to that 
last preceding Interest Period) or (B) if there is no such preceding Interest Determination Date, the initial 
Rate of Interest which would have been applicable to the Notes for the first Interest Period had the Notes 
been in issue for a period equal in duration to the scheduled first Interest Period but ending on (and 
excluding) the Interest Commencement Date (but applying the Margin applicable to the first Interest 
Period). 
(iii) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes which are linked to €STR 
This Condition 9.4(iii) is applicable to the Notes only if the Floating Rate Note Provisions are specified 
in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined, and the "Reference 
Rate" is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being "€STR". 
Where "€STR" is specified as the Reference Rate in the Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for each Interest 
Period will, subject as provided below, be Compounded Daily €STR plus or minus (as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms) the Margin, all as determined by the Calculation Agent on each Interest 
Determination Date. For the purposes of this Condition 9.4(iii): 
"Compounded Daily €STR" means, with respect to any Interest Period, the rate of return of a daily 
compound interest investment (with the daily euro short-term rate as reference rate for the calculation of 
interest) as calculated by the Calculation Agent as at the relevant Interest Determination Date in 
accordance with the following formula (and the resulting percentage will be rounded if necessary to the 
nearest fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards): 
቎ෑ൬1 + €STR𝑖𝑖 ×  𝑛𝑛𝑖𝑖
D
൰−1
𝑑𝑑𝑜𝑜
𝑖𝑖=1
቏× D
𝑑𝑑 
where: 
"d" means the number of calendar days in: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, the relevant 
Interest Period; or

--- Page 155 ---
Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes in Physical Form 
10261197493-v5 
- 144 - 
47-41058517 
 
(ii) where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, 
the relevant Observation Period; 
"D" means the number specified as such in the relevant Final Terms (or, if no such number is specified, 
360); 
"do" means the number of TARGET Settlement Days in: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, the relevant 
Interest Period; or 
(ii) where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, 
the relevant Observation Period; 
the "€STR reference rate", in respect of any TARGET Settlement Day, is a reference rate equal to the 
daily euro short-term rate ("€STR") for such TARGET Settlement Day as provided by the European 
Central Bank as the administrator of €STR (or any successor administrator of such rate) on the website 
of the European Central Bank (or, if no longer published on its website, as otherwise published by it or 
provided by it to authorised distributors and as then published on the Relevant Screen Page or, if the 
Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, as otherwise published by such authorised distributors) on the 
TARGET Settlement Day immediately following such TARGET Settlement Day (in each case, at the 
time specified by, or determined in accordance with, the applicable methodology, policies or guidelines, 
of the European Central Bank or the successor administrator of such rate); 
"€STRi" means the €STR reference rate for: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, the TARGET 
Settlement Day falling "p" TARGET Settlement Days prior to the relevant TARGET Settlement 
Day "i"; or 
(ii)  where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, 
the relevant TARGET Settlement Day "i". 
"i" is a series of whole numbers from one to "do", each representing the relevant TARGET Settlement 
Day in chronological order from, and including, the first TARGET Settlement Day in: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, the relevant 
Interest Period; or 
(ii) where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, 
the relevant Observation Period; 
to, and including, the last TARGET Settlement Day in such period; 
"Interest Determination Date" means, in respect of any Interest Period, the date falling "p" TARGET 
Settlement Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period (or the date falling "p" 
TARGET Settlement Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on which the Notes are due and payable); 
"ni" for any TARGET Settlement Day "i" in the relevant Interest Period or Observation Period (as 
applicable), means the number of calendar days from (and including) such TARGET Settlement Day "i" 
up to (but excluding) the following TARGET Settlement Day; 
"Observation Period" means, in respect of any Interest Period, the period from (and including) the date 
falling "p" TARGET Settlement Days prior to the first day of the relevant Interest Period (and the first 
Interest Period shall begin on and include the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the date 
falling "p" TARGET Settlement Days prior to (A) (in the case of an Interest Period) the Interest Payment 
Date for such Interest Period or (B) such earlier date, if any, on which the Notes become due and payable; 
and 
"p" for any latest Interest Period or Observation Period (as applicable), means the number of TARGET 
Settlement Days specified as the "Lag Period" or the "Observation Shift Period" (as applicable) in the 
relevant Final Terms or, if no such period is specified, five TARGET Settlement Days.

--- Page 156 ---
Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes in Physical Form 
10261197493-v5 
- 145 - 
47-41058517 
 
Subject to Condition 9.10 (Benchmark Replacement), if, where any Rate of Interest is to be calculated 
pursuant to this Condition 9.4(iii), in respect of any TARGET Settlement Day in respect of which an 
applicable €STR reference rate is required to be determined, such €STR reference rate is not made 
available on the Relevant Screen Page and has not otherwise been published by the relevant authorised 
distributors, then the €STR reference rate in respect of such TARGET Settlement Day shall be the €STR 
reference rate for the first preceding TARGET Settlement Day in respect of which €STR reference rate 
was published by the European Central Bank on its website, as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
Subject to Condition 9.10 (Benchmark Replacement), if the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in 
accordance with the foregoing provisions of this Condition 9.4(iii), the Rate of Interest shall be (A) that 
determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date (though substituting, where a different 
Margin is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last preceding 
Interest Period, the Margin relating to the relevant Interest Period, in place of the Margin relating to that 
last preceding Interest Period) or (B) if there is no such preceding Interest Determination Date, the initial 
Rate of Interest which would have been applicable to the Notes for the first Interest Period had the Notes 
been in issue for a period equal in duration to the scheduled first Interest Period but ending on (and 
excluding) the Interest Commencement Date (but applying the Margin applicable to the first Interest 
Period). 
(iv) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes which are linked to SONIA 
Compounded Index 
This Condition9.4(iv) is applicable to the Notes only if the Floating Rate Note Provisions are specified 
in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined, and "Index 
Determination" is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
Where "Index Determination" is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, the Rate of 
Interest for each Interest Period will be the compounded daily reference rate for the relevant Interest 
Period, calculated in accordance with the following formula: 
൬𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶 𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼 𝐸𝐸𝐸𝐸𝐸𝐸
𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶 𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼 𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆−1൰ X 𝑁𝑁𝑁𝑁𝑁𝑁𝑁𝑁𝑁𝑁𝑁𝑁𝑁𝑁𝑁𝑁𝑁𝑁
𝑑𝑑
 
and rounded to the Relevant Decimal Place, plus or minus the Margin (if any), all as determined and 
calculated by the Calculation Agent, where: 
"Compounded Index Start" means the SONIA Compounded Index value on the Start date; 
"d" is the number of calendar days from (and including) the day on which the Compounded Index Start 
is determined to (but excluding) the day on which the Compounded Index End is determined; 
"End" means the day falling the Relevant Number of Index Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for 
such Interest Period, or such other date on which the relevant payment of interest falls due (but which by 
its definition or the operation of the relevant provisions is excluded from such Interest Period); 
"Index Days" means London Banking Days; 
"Numerator" means 365; 
"Relevant Decimal Place" shall, unless otherwise specified in the Final Terms, be the fifth decimal place, 
rounded up or down, if necessary (with 0.000005 being rounded upwards); and 
"Relevant Number" is as specified in the applicable Final Terms, but, unless otherwise specified shall 
be five. 
"SONIA Compounded Index" means the Compounded Daily SONIA rate as published at 10:00 
(London time) by the Bank of England (or a successor administrator of SONIA) on the Bank of England's 
Interactive Statistical Database or on the Relevant Screen Page (if indicated in the relevant Final Terms), 
or any successor source; 
"Start" means the day falling the Relevant Number of Index Days prior to the first day of the relevant 
Interest Period.

--- Page 157 ---
Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes in Physical Form 
10261197493-v5 
- 146 - 
47-41058517 
 
If, with respect to any Interest Period, the relevant rate is not published for the SONIA Compounded 
Index either on the Start or End date, then the Calculation Agent shall calculate the rate of interest for 
that Interest Period as if Index Determination was not specified in the applicable Final Terms and as if 
Compounded Daily SONIA had been specified instead in the Final Terms, and in each case "Observation 
Shift" had been specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, and where the 
Observation Period for the purposes of that definition in Condition 9.4(ii) shall be deemed to be the same 
as the Relevant Number specified in the Final Terms and where the Relevant Screen Page will be 
determined by the Issuer. For the avoidance of doubt, if (i) a Benchmark Event has occurred, the 
provisions of Condition 9.10 (Benchmark Replacement) shall apply. 
9.5 
ISDA Determination 
If ISDA Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate(s) of 
Interest is/are to be determined, the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes for each Interest Period will 
be the sum of the Margin and the relevant ISDA Rate where "ISDA Rate" in relation to any Interest 
Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) that would be 
determined by the Calculation Agent under an interest rate swap transaction if the Calculation Agent 
were acting as Calculation Agent for that interest rate swap transaction under the terms of an agreement 
incorporating the ISDA Definitions and under which: 
(i) 
the Floating Rate Option (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms; 
(ii) 
the Designated Maturity (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is a period specified in the 
applicable Final Terms; and 
(iii) 
the relevant Reset Date (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
9.6 
Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest 
If any Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
then the Rate of Interest shall in no event be greater than the maximum or be less than the minimum so 
specified. 
9.7 
Calculation of Interest Amount 
The Calculation Agent will, as soon as practicable after the time at which the Rate of Interest is to be 
determined in relation to each Interest Period, calculate the Interest Amount payable in respect of each 
Note for such Interest Period. The Interest Amount will be calculated by applying the Rate of Interest for 
such Interest Period to the Calculation Amount during such Interest Period and multiplying the product 
by the relevant Day Count Fraction and rounding the resulting figure to the nearest sub-unit of the 
Specified currency (half a sub-unit being rounded upwards). For this purpose a "sub-unit" means, in the 
case of any currency other than Euro, the lowest amount of such currency that is available as legal tender 
in the country of such currency and, in the case of Euro, means one cent. Where the Specified 
Denomination of a Floating Rate Note or CMS Linked Interest Note comprises more than one Calculation 
Amount, the Interest Amount payable in respect of such Note shall be the aggregate of the amounts 
(determined in the manner provided above) for each Calculation Amount comprising the Specified 
Denomination without any further rounding. 
9.8 
Publication 
The Calculation Agent will cause each Rate of Interest and Interest Amount determined by it, together 
with the relevant Interest Payment Date, and any other amount(s) required to be determined by it together 
with any relevant payment date(s) to be notified to the Issuer, the Paying Agents and each competent 
authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system (if any) by which the Notes have then been admitted 
to listing, trading and/or quotation as soon as practicable after such determination but (in the case of each 
Rate of Interest, Interest Amount and Interest Payment Date) in any event not later than the first day of 
the relevant Interest Period. Notice thereof shall also promptly be given to the Noteholders. The 
Calculation Agent will be entitled to recalculate any Interest Amount (on the basis of the foregoing 
provisions) in the event of an extension or shortening of the relevant Interest Period. If the Calculation 
Amount is less than the minimum Specified Denomination the Calculation Agent shall not be obliged to 
publish each Interest Amount but instead may publish only the Calculation Amount and the Interest 
Amount in respect of a Note having the minimum Specified Denomination.

--- Page 158 ---
Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes in Physical Form 
10261197493-v5 
- 147 - 
47-41058517 
 
9.9 
Notifications 
All notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, calculations, quotations and decisions given, 
expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of this Condition 9 (Floating Rate and CMS Linked Interest 
Note Provisions) by the Calculation Agent will (in the absence of manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, 
the Paying Agents, the Noteholders and the Couponholders and (subject as aforesaid) no liability to any 
such Person will attach to the Calculation Agent in connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it of 
its powers, duties and discretions for such purposes. 
9.10 
Benchmark Replacement 
Notwithstanding the provisions in Conditions 6 (Reset Rate Note Provisions) and 9 (Floating Rate Notes 
and CMS Linked Interest Note Provisions), if the Issuer in consultation with the Agent (or the person 
specified in the applicable Final Terms as the party responsible for calculating the Rate of Interest and 
the Interest Amount(s)) determines that a Benchmark Event has occurred in relation to an Original 
Reference Rate when any Rate of Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) remains to be 
determined by such Original Reference Rate, then the following provisions shall apply: 
(1) 
the Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours to appoint, as soon as reasonably practicable, an 
Independent Adviser to determine (acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner) a Successor Rate (as defined below) or, alternatively, if there is no Successor Rate, an 
Alternative Benchmark Rate no later than 5 Business Days prior to the Reset Determination 
Date or Interest Determination Date (as applicable) relating to the next succeeding Reset Period 
or Interest Period (as applicable) (the "IA Determination Cut-off Date") for purposes of 
determining the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes for all future Reset Periods or Interest 
Periods (as applicable) (subject to the subsequent operation of this Condition 9.10 (Benchmark 
Replacement)); 
(2) 
if the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser, or the Independent Adviser appointed 
by it fails to determine a Successor Rate or an Alternative Benchmark Rate prior to the IA 
Determination Cut-off Date, then the Issuer (acting in good faith and a commercially reasonable 
manner) may determine a Successor Rate or, if there is no Successor Rate, an Alternative 
Benchmark Rate no later than 2 Business Days prior to the Reset Determination Date or Interest 
Determination Date (as applicable) relating to the next succeeding Reset Period or Interest 
Period (as applicable); 
(3) 
if a Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Benchmark Rate is determined in 
accordance with the preceding provisions, such Successor Rate or, failing which, Alternative 
Benchmark Rate shall be the Reference Rate or Mid-Swap Benchmark Rate (as applicable) in 
relation to the Notes for all future Reset Periods or Interest Periods (as applicable) (subject to 
the subsequent operation of this Condition 9.10 (Benchmark Replacement)); provided, however, 
that if sub-paragraph (2) applies and the Issuer is unable or unwilling to determine a Successor 
Rate or an Alternative Benchmark Rate prior to the Reset Determination Date or Interest 
Determination Date (as applicable) relating to the next succeeding Reset Period or Interest 
Period (as applicable), the Rate of Interest applicable to such next succeeding Reset Period or 
Interest Period shall be equal to the Rate of Interest last determined in relation to the Notes in 
respect of a preceding Reset Period or Interest Period as applicable (which may be the Initial 
Rate of Interest) (though substituting, where a different Margin is to be applied to the relevant 
Reset Period or Interest Period from that which applied to the last preceding Reset Period or 
Interest Period, the Margin relating to the relevant Reset Period or Interest Period, in place of 
the Margin relating to that last preceding Reset Period or Interest Period); for the avoidance of 
doubt, the proviso in this sub-paragraph (3) shall apply to the relevant Interest Period or Reset 
Period (as applicable) only and any subsequent Interest Periods or Reset Periods (as applicable) 
are subject to the subsequent operation of, and to adjustment as provided in, this Condition 9.10 
(Benchmark Replacement); 
(4) 
if the Independent Adviser or the Issuer determines a Successor Rate or, failing which, an 
Alternative Benchmark Rate in accordance with the above provisions, the Independent Adviser 
or the Issuer (as the case may be) may also, following consultation with the Agent (or the person 
specified in the applicable Final Terms as the party responsible for calculating the Rate of 
Interest and the Interest Amount(s)), specify changes to the Day Count Fraction, Relevant 
Screen Page, Business Day Convention, Business Days, Reset Determination Date, Interest 
Determination Date and/or the definition of Mid Swap Benchmark Rate or Reference Rate 
applicable to the Notes, and the method for determining the fallback rate in relation to the Notes,

--- Page 159 ---
Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes in Physical Form 
10261197493-v5 
- 148 - 
47-41058517 
 
in order to follow market practice in relation to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Benchmark 
Rate, which changes shall apply to the Notes for all future Reset Periods or Interest Periods (as 
applicable) (subject to the subsequent operation of this Condition 9.10 (Benchmark 
Replacement)). If the Independent Adviser (in consultation with the Issuer) or the Issuer (as 
applicable), determines that an Adjustment Spread is required to be applied to the Successor 
Rate or the Alternative Benchmark Rate (as applicable) and determines the quantum of, or a 
formula or methodology for determining, such Adjustment Spread, then such Adjustment 
Spread shall be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Benchmark Rate (as applicable). 
If the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) is unable to determine the quantum of, 
or a formula or methodology for determining, such Adjustment Spread, then such Successor 
Rate or Alternative Benchmark Rate (as applicable) will apply without an Adjustment Spread. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Agent shall, at the direction and expense of the Issuer, effect 
such consequential amendments to the Agency Agreement for the Italian Law Notes in Physical 
Form and these Conditions as may be required in order to give effect to this Condition 9.10 
(Benchmark Replacement). No Noteholder consent shall be required in connection with 
effecting the Successor Rate or Alternative Benchmark Rate (as applicable) or such other 
changes, including for the execution of any documents or other steps by the Agent (if required); 
and 
(5) 
following the determination of any Successor Rate or Alternative Benchmark Rate, the Issuer 
shall promptly give notice thereof and of any changes pursuant to subparagraph (4) above to the 
Agent and the Noteholders. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 9.10 (Benchmark Replacement): (i) no Successor 
Rate or Alternative Benchmark Rate (as applicable) will be adopted, and no other amendments to the 
terms of the Notes will be made pursuant to this Condition 9.10 (Benchmark Replacement), if and to the 
extent that, in the determination of the Issuer, the same could reasonably be expected to prejudice the 
qualification of the Notes as: (A) in the case of Senior Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes, satisfying 
the MREL Requirements; (B) in the case of Subordinated Notes, Tier 2 Capital for regulatory capital 
purposes of the Issuer and/or the Group; (C) in the case of Additional Tier 1 Notes, Tier 1 Capital for 
regulatory capital purposes of the Issuer and/or the Group; and/or (ii) in the case of Senior Notes and 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes only, no Successor Rate or Alternative Benchmark Rate (as applicable) will 
be adopted, and no other amendments to the terms of the Notes will be made pursuant to this Condition 
9.10 (Benchmark Replacement), if and to the extent that, in the determination of the Issuer, the same 
could reasonably be expected to result in the Relevant Authority or, if applicable, the Relevant Resolution 
Authority treating a Reset Date or an Interest Payment Date as the effective maturity of the Notes, rather 
than the relevant Maturity Date. 
For the purposes of this Condition 9.10 (Benchmark Replacement): 
"Adjustment Spread" means a spread (which may be positive or negative) or formula or methodology 
for calculating a spread, which the Independent Adviser (in consultation with the Issuer) or the Issuer (as 
applicable), determines and is the spread, formula or methodology which: 
(i) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended in relation to the replacement of the 
Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body; or 
(ii) 
in the case of a Successor Rate for which no such recommendation has been made or in the case 
of an Alternative Benchmark Rate, the Independent Adviser (in consultation with the Issuer) or 
the Issuer (as applicable) determines is recognised or acknowledged as being in customary 
market usage in international debt capital markets transactions which reference the Original 
Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced by the Successor Rate or the Alternative 
Benchmark Rate (as applicable); or (if the Independent Adviser or the Issuer, as applicable, 
determines that no such spread is in customary market usage) the Independent Adviser (in 
consultation with the Issuer) or the Issuer (as applicable) determines is recognised or 
acknowledged as being the industry standard for over-the-counter derivative transactions which 
reference the Original Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced by the Successor Rate 
or the Alternative Benchmark Rate (as the case may be). 
"Alternative Benchmark Rate" means the rate that the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) 
determines has replaced the Original Reference Rate in customary market usage in the international debt 
capital markets for the purposes of determining rates of interest in respect of Eurobonds denominated in 
the Specified Currency and of a comparable duration to the relevant Interest Period or Reset Period (as 
applicable), or, if the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) determines that there is no such

--- Page 160 ---
Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes in Physical Form 
10261197493-v5 
- 149 - 
47-41058517 
 
rate, such other rate as the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) determines in its discretion 
(acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) is most comparable to the Original 
Reference Rate. 
"Benchmark Event" means: 
(i) 
the Original Reference Rate ceasing to be published for a period of at least 5 Business Days or 
ceasing to exist or being subject to a material change; 
(ii) 
a public statement by the administrator of the Original Reference Rate that it will cease 
publishing the Original Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely (in circumstances where no 
successor administrator has been appointed that will continue publication of the Original 
Reference Rate), provided that a Benchmark Event will occur on the date which is the later of 
(a) the date of the public statement referenced herein and (b) the date on which the administrator 
ceases publishing the Original Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely; or 
(iii) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference Rate, that 
the Original Reference Rate has been or will be permanently or indefinitely discontinued, 
provided that a Benchmark Event will occur on the date which is the later of (a) the date of the 
public statement referenced herein and (b) the date on which the Original Reference Rate has 
been permanently or indefinitely discontinued; or 
(iv) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference Rate that the 
Original Reference Rate is no longer representative of its relevant underlying market; or 
(v) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference Rate, an 
insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator of the Original Reference Rate, a 
resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator of the Original Reference Rate or a 
court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator of the 
Original Reference Rate, which states that the administrator of the Original Reference Rate has 
ceased or will, within a specified period of time, cease to provide the Original Reference Rate 
permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of cessation, there is no successor 
administrator that will continue to provide the Original Reference Rate and further provided 
that a Benchmark Event will occur on the date which is the later of (a) the date of the public 
statement referenced herein and (b) the date on which the administrator ceases to provide the 
Original Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely; 
(vi) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference Rate as a 
consequence of which the Original Reference Rate will be prohibited from being used or that 
its use will be subject to restrictions or adverse consequences either generally, or in respect of 
the Notes provided that a Benchmark Event will occur on the date which is the later of (a) the 
date of the public statement referenced herein and (b) the date on which the Original Reference 
Rate is prohibited from being used or its use is subject to restrictions or adverse consequences 
either generally, or in respect of the Notes; or 
(vii) 
it has become unlawful (including, without limitation, under the EU Benchmark Regulation 
(Regulation (EU) 2016/1011), as amended from time to time, if applicable) for any Paying 
Agent, Calculation Agent or the Issuer to calculate any payments due to be made to any 
Noteholder using the Original Reference Rate. 
"Independent Adviser" means an independent financial institution of international repute or other 
independent financial adviser experienced in the international capital markets, in each case appointed by 
the Issuer at its own expense. 
"Original Reference Rate" means:  
(i) 
the originally-specified benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) used to determine the Rate of 
Interest (or any component part thereof) on the Notes as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(ii) 
any Successor Rate or Alternative Benchmark Rate which has been determined in relation to 
such benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) pursuant to the operation of this Condition 9.10 
(Benchmark Replacement). 
"Relevant Nominating Body" means, in respect of a reference rate or mid-swap floating leg benchmark 
rate:

--- Page 161 ---
Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes in Physical Form 
10261197493-v5 
- 150 - 
47-41058517 
 
(i) 
the central bank for the currency to which the reference rate or mid swap floating leg benchmark 
rate relates, or any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for 
supervising the administrator of the reference rate or mid swap floating leg benchmark rate; or 
(ii) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted at the 
request of (a) the central bank for the currency to which the reference rate or mid swap floating 
leg benchmark rate relates, (b) any central bank or other supervisory authority which is 
responsible for supervising the administrator of the reference rate or mid-swap floating leg 
benchmark rate, (c) a group of the aforementioned central banks or other supervisory authorities, 
or (d) the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof; and 
"Successor Rate" means the rate that the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) determines 
is a successor to or replacement of the Reference Rate or Mid-Swap Benchmark Rate (as applicable) 
which is formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body. 
10. 
CHANGE OF INTEREST BASIS 
If Change of Interest Basis is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the interest payable 
in respect of the Notes will be calculated in accordance with Condition 7 (Fixed Rate Note Provisions) 
or Condition 9 (Floating Rate and CMS Linked Interest Note Provisions), each applicable only for the 
relevant periods specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
If Change of Interest Basis is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, and Issuer's Switch 
Option is also specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may, on one or more 
occasions, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, at its option (any such option, a "Switch Option"), 
having given notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 20 (Notices) on or prior to the 
relevant Switch Option Expiry Date, change the Interest Basis of the Notes from Fixed Rate to Floating 
Rate or Floating Rate to Fixed Rate or as otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms with effect 
from (and including) the Switch Option Effective Date specified in the applicable Final Terms (including 
different Fixed Rates or Floating Rates in respect of Fixed Rate Notes or Floating Rate Notes respectively) 
to (but excluding) the Maturity Date (or, where more than one Switch Option Effective Date is specified 
in the applicable Final Terms, up to and excluding the next following Switch Option Effective Date), 
provided that (A) the Switch Option may be exercised only in respect of all the outstanding Notes, (B) 
upon exercise of a Switch Option, the Interest Basis change will be effective from (and including) the 
relevant Switch Option Effective Date until the Maturity Date (or, where more than one Switch Option 
Effective Date is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, up to and excluding the next 
following Switch Option Effective Date to the extent the related Switch Option is exercised), and (C) 
where a Switch Option has not been exercised prior to the relevant Switch Option Expiry Date, the Issuer 
shall no longer be entitled to exercise such Switch Option and the Interest Basis shall not change. 
"Switch Option Expiry Date" and "Switch Option Effective Date" shall mean any date specified as 
such in the applicable Final Terms provided that any date specified in the applicable Final Terms as a 
Switch Option Effective Date shall be deemed as such subject to the exercise of the relevant Switch 
Option having been notified by the Issuer pursuant to this Condition and in accordance with Condition 
20 (Notices) prior to the relevant Switch Option Expiry Date. 
11. 
ZERO COUPON NOTES PROVISIONS 
11.1 
Application 
This Condition 11 (Zero Coupon Note Provisions) is applicable to the Notes only if the Zero Coupon 
Note Provisions are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable. 
11.2 
Late Payment on Zero Coupon Notes 
If the Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Zero-Coupon Note is improperly withheld or 
refused, the Redemption Amount shall thereafter be an amount equal to the sum of: 
(i) 
the Reference Price; and 
(ii) 
the product of the Accrual Yield (compounded annually) being applied to the Reference Price 
on the basis of the relevant Day Count Fraction from (and including) the Issue Date to (but 
excluding) whichever is the earlier of (a) the day on which all amounts due in respect of such 
Note up to that day are received by or on behalf of the relevant Noteholder and (b) the day 
falling seven calendar days after the Agent has notified the Noteholders of receipt of all sums

--- Page 162 ---
Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes in Physical Form 
10261197493-v5 
- 151 - 
47-41058517 
 
due in respect of all Notes up to that seventh calendar day (except to the extent that there is any 
subsequent default in payment in accordance with these Conditions) in accordance with 
Condition 20 (Notices). 
12. 
INTEREST AND INTEREST CANCELLATION PROVISIONS IN RESPECT OF 
ADDITIONAL TIER 1 NOTES 
12.1 
Application 
This Condition 12 (Interest and Interest Cancellation Provisions in respect of Additional Tier 1 Notes) 
is applicable to the Additional Tier 1 Notes only. The application of Condition 6 (Interest) to Additional 
Tier 1 Notes is subject to this Condition 12. 
12.2 
Calculation of Interest Amount 
Subject to Condition 12.5 (Cancellation of Interest Amounts) and Condition 14 (Payments), the amount 
of interest payable in respect of an Additional Tier 1 Note for any period shall be calculated by the 
Calculation Agent by: 
(a) 
applying the applicable Rate of Interest to the Prevailing Principal Amount of such Additional 
Tier 1 Note; 
(b) 
multiplying the product thereof by the Day Count Fraction; and 
(c) 
rounding the resulting figure to the nearest cent (half a cent being rounded upwards). 
12.3 
Calculation of Interest Amount in case of Write-Down 
Subject to Condition 12.5 (Cancellation of Interest Amounts), in the event that a Write-Down occurs 
during an Interest Period, any accrued and unpaid interest shall be cancelled pursuant to Condition 13.2(c) 
(Loss absorption) and the Interest Amount payable on the Interest Payment Date immediately following 
such Interest Period shall be calculated in accordance with Condition 12.2 (Calculation of Interest 
Amount), provided that the Day Count Fraction shall be determined as if such Interest Period started on, 
and included, the Write-Down Effective Date.  
12.4 
Calculation of Interest Amount in case of Write-Up 
Subject to Condition 12.5 (Cancellation of Interest Amounts), in the event that a Write-Up occurs during 
an Interest Period, the Interest Amount payable on the Interest Payment Date immediately following such 
Interest Period shall be calculated as the sum (rounding the resulting figure to the nearest cent, with half 
a cent being rounded upwards) of the following: 
(a) 
the product of the applicable Rate of Interest, the Prevailing Principal Amount before such 
Write-Up, and the Day Count Fraction (determined as if the Interest Period ended on, but 
excluded, the date of such Write-Up); and 
(b) 
the product of the applicable Rate of Interest, the Prevailing Principal Amount after such Write-
Up, and the Day Count Fraction (determined as if the Interest Period started on, and included, 
the date of such Write-Up). 
12.5 
Cancellation of Interest Amounts 
The Issuer may at any time elect at its full discretion to cancel (in whole or in part) for an unlimited 
period and on a non-cumulative basis the Interest Amounts otherwise scheduled to be paid on an Interest 
Payment Date. 
Without prejudice to (i) such full discretion of the Issuer to cancel the Interest Amounts and (ii) the 
prohibition on making payments on the Additional Tier 1 Notes pursuant to any provisions of Italian law 
implementing Article 141(2) of the CRD IV, as amended or replaced and, if relevant, in any other similar 
payment restriction provision(s) under the Applicable Banking Regulations, before the Maximum 
Distributable Amount is calculated, payment of Interest Amounts on any Interest Payment Date must be 
cancelled (in whole or, as the case may be, in part) if and to the extent that such Interest Amounts: 
(a) 
when aggregated together with distributions on all other Own Funds instruments of the Issuer 
(excluding Tier 2 Capital instruments) paid or scheduled for payment in the then current

--- Page 163 ---
Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes in Physical Form 
10261197493-v5 
- 152 - 
47-41058517 
 
financial year and any potential write-ups exceed the amount of Distributable Items, excluding 
any payments already accounted for in determining the Distributable Items; and/or 
(b) 
when aggregated together with other distributions of the Issuer or the Group, as applicable, of 
the kind referred to in Article 141(2) of the CRD IV and, if relevant, in any other similar 
payment restriction provision(s) under the Applicable Banking Regulations (or, if different, any 
provisions of Italian law implementing Article 141(2) of the CRD IV, as amended or replaced) 
and, if relevant, such other provision(s) and the amount of any write-up (if applicable), would, 
if paid, cause the Maximum Distributable Amount (if any) then applicable to the Issuer and/or 
the Group to be exceeded; and/or 
(c) 
are required to be cancelled (in whole or in part) by an order to the Issuer from the Relevant 
Authority. 
As set out in Condition 13.2 (Loss absorption), if a Contingency Event occurs, accrued and unpaid 
interest to (but excluding) the Write-Down Effective Date shall be cancelled. 
Notice of any cancellation of payment of a scheduled Interest Amount must be given to the Noteholders 
(in accordance with Condition 20 (Notices)) and the Agent as soon as possible, but not more than 60 
calendar days, prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date. Such notice shall specify the amount of the 
relevant cancellation. Any failure by the Issuer to give such notice shall not affect the validity of the 
cancellation and shall not constitute a default for any purpose. In the absence of any notice of cancellation 
being given, the fact of non-payment (in whole or in part) of the relevant Interest Amount on the relevant 
Interest Payment Date shall be evidence of the Issuer having elected or being required to cancel such 
distributions payment in whole or in part, as applicable. 
For the avoidance of doubt (i) the cancellation of any Interest Amounts in accordance with this Condition 
12.5 (Cancellation of Interest Amounts) or Condition 13.2 (Loss absorption) shall not constitute a default 
for any purpose on the part of the Issuer and (ii) interest on the Additional Tier 1 Notes is not cumulative 
and any Interest Amounts that the Issuer elects not to pay or is prohibited from paying will not accumulate 
or compound and all rights and claims in respect of such amounts shall be fully and irrevocably forfeited 
and no payments shall be made nor shall any Noteholder be entitled to any payment or indemnity in 
respect thereof. 
For the purposes of this Condition, "Distributable Items" means, subject as otherwise defined in the 
Applicable Banking Regulations from time to time, in relation to interest otherwise scheduled to be paid 
on an Interest Payment Date: 
(a) 
an amount equal to the Issuer's profits at the end of the financial year immediately preceding 
the financial year in which the relevant Interest Payment Date falls plus any profits brought 
forward and reserves available for that purpose before distributions to holders of Own Funds 
instruments (which, for the avoidance of doubt, excludes any such distributions paid or made 
on Tier 2 Capital instruments or any such distributions which have already been provided for, 
by way of deduction, in calculating the amount of Distributable Items); less 
(b) 
an amount equal to any losses brought forward, any profits which are non-distributable pursuant 
to applicable European Union or Italian law or the by-laws of the Issuer from time to time and 
any sums placed to non-distributable reserves in accordance with applicable Italian law or the 
by-laws of the Issuer from time to time, in each case with respect to the specific category of 
Own Funds instruments to which European Union or Italian law or the by-laws of the Issuer or 
statutes relate, 
those profits, losses and reserves being determined on the basis of the Issuer's non-consolidated accounts. 
Notwithstanding the above, the determination of Distributable Items shall be based on the Applicable 
Banking Regulations at the time of the determination and, accordingly, only those amounts shall be added 
or deducted that may be added or have to be deducted (as the case may be) for the purposes of determining 
the amounts distributable on Additional Tier 1 Capital under the Applicable Banking Regulations. 
12.6 
No restriction following cancellation of Interest Amounts 
In the event that the Issuer exercises its discretion not to pay interest or is prohibited from paying interest 
on any Interest Payment Date, it will not give rise to any contractual restriction on the Issuer making

--- Page 164 ---
Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes in Physical Form 
10261197493-v5 
- 153 - 
47-41058517 
 
distributions or any other payments to the holders of any securities ranking pari passu with, or junior to, 
the Additional Tier 1 Notes (or, for the avoidance of doubt, Tier 2 Capital instruments).  
13. 
LOSS ABSORPTION AND REINSTATEMENT OF PRINCIPAL AMOUNT 
13.1 
Application 
This Condition 13 (Loss Absorption and Reinstatement of Principal Amount) is applicable to the 
Additional Tier 1 Notes only. The application of Condition 6 (Interest) to Additional Tier 1 Notes is 
subject to this Condition 13. 
13.2 
Loss absorption 
If, at any time, the Common Equity Tier 1 Capital Ratio of the Issuer or the Group falls below 5.125% 
("Contingency Event"), the Issuer shall: 
(a) 
immediately notify the Relevant Authority of the occurrence of the relevant Contingency Event; 
(b) 
as soon as reasonably practicable deliver a Loss Absorption Event Notice to Noteholders (in 
accordance with Condition 20 (Notices)), the Agent and the Paying Agents (provided that 
failure or delay in delivering a Loss Absorption Event Notice shall not constitute a default for 
any purpose or in any way impact on the effectiveness of, or otherwise invalidate, any Write-
Down); 
(c) 
cancel any accrued and unpaid interest up to (but excluding) the Write-Down Effective Date; 
and 
(d) 
without delay, and in any event within one month (or such shorter period as the Relevant 
Authority may require) from the determination that the relevant Contingency Event has 
occurred, reduce the then Prevailing Principal Amount of each Additional Tier 1 Note by the 
Write-Down Amount (such reduction being referred to as a Write-Down and Written Down 
being construed accordingly). 
Whether a Contingency Event has occurred at any time shall be determined by the Issuer, the Relevant 
Authority or any agent appointed for such purpose by the Relevant Authority. 
For the avoidance of doubt, even if the cancellation of interest pursuant to Condition 13.2(c) (Loss 
absorption) would cure the relevant Contingency Event, the relevant Write-Down shall occur in any 
event and any increase in the Common Equity Tier 1 Capital Ratio as a result of such cancellation of 
interest shall be disregarded for the purpose of calculating the relevant Write-Down Amount in respect 
of such Contingency Event. 
Any Write-Down of an Additional Tier 1 Note will be effected, save as may otherwise be required by 
the Relevant Authority and subject as otherwise provided in these Conditions, pro rata with the Write-
Down of other Additional Tier 1 Notes and with the concurrent (or substantially concurrent) write-down 
(or write-off) or conversion into Ordinary Shares, as the case may be, of any Equal Loss Absorbing 
Instruments (based on the prevailing amount of the relevant Equal Loss Absorbing Instrument). To the 
extent possible, the write-down (or write-off) or conversion into Ordinary Shares of any Prior Loss 
Absorbing Instruments will be taken into account in the calculation of the Write Down Amount, and of 
the amount of write-down (or write-off) or conversion into Ordinary Shares of any Equal Loss Absorbing 
Instruments, required to cure the relevant Contingency Event. 
A Write-Down may occur on more than one occasion and the Additional Tier 1 Notes may be Written 
Down on more than one occasion. 
Any Loss Absorption Event Notice delivered to the Agent must be accompanied by a certificate signed 
by the Authorised Signatories stating that the Contingency Event has occurred and setting out the method 
of calculation of the relevant Write-Down Amount. 
The Agent is not responsible, nor shall it incur any liability, for monitoring or ascertaining as to whether 
any certifications required by this provision are provided, nor shall it be required to review, check or 
analyse any certifications produced nor shall it be responsible for the contents of any such certifications 
or incur any liability in the event the content of such certifications are inaccurate or incorrect.

--- Page 165 ---
Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes in Physical Form 
10261197493-v5 
- 154 - 
47-41058517 
 
In respect of any Write-Down, to the extent the write-down (or write-off) or conversion into Ordinary 
Shares of any Loss Absorbing Instrument is not, or within one month (or such shorter period as the 
Relevant Authority may require) from the determination that the relevant Contingency Event has 
occurred will not be, effective for any reason (i) the ineffectiveness of any such write-down (or write-
off) or conversion into Ordinary Shares of any Loss Absorbing Instrument shall not prejudice the 
requirement to effect the Write-Down of the Additional Tier 1 Notes pursuant to this Condition 13.2 
(Loss absorption); and (ii) such write-down (or write-off) or conversion into Ordinary Shares shall not 
be taken into account in calculating the Write-Down Amount in respect of such Write-Down. For the 
avoidance of doubt, the write-down (or write-off) or conversion into Ordinary Shares of any Loss 
Absorbing Instrument will only be taken into account in the calculation of the Write-Down Amount to 
the extent (and in the amount, if any) that such Loss Absorbing Instrument can actually be written-down 
(or written-off) or converted into Ordinary Shares in the relevant circumstances within one month (or 
such shorter period as the Relevant Authority may require) from the determination that the relevant 
Contingency Event has occurred. 
If, in connection with a Write-Down or the calculation of a Write-Down Amount, there are outstanding 
any Loss Absorbing Instruments the terms of which provide that they shall be written-down (or written-
off) or converted into Ordinary Shares in full and not in part only ("Full Loss Absorbing Instruments") 
then: 
(A) 
the requirement that a Write-Down of the Additional Tier 1 Notes shall be effected pro rata 
with the write-down (or write-off) or conversion into Ordinary Shares, as the case may be, of 
any such Loss Absorbing Instruments shall not be construed as requiring the Additional Tier 1 
Notes to be Written-Down in full (or in full save for the sub-unit floor) simply by virtue of the 
fact that such Full Loss Absorbing Instruments will be written-down (or written-off) or 
converted in full; and 
(B) 
for the purposes of calculating the Write-Down Amount, the Full Loss Absorbing Instruments 
will be treated (for the purposes only of determining the write-down (or write-off) of principal 
or conversion into Ordinary Shares, as the case may be, among the Additional Tier 1 Notes and 
such other Loss Absorbing Instruments on a pro rata basis) as if their terms permitted partial 
write-down (or write-off) or conversion into Ordinary Shares, such that the write-down (or 
write-off) or conversion into Ordinary Shares of such Full Loss Absorbing Instruments shall be 
deemed to occur in two concurrent stages: (a) first, the principal amount of such Full Loss 
Absorbing Instruments shall be written-down (or written-off) or converted into Ordinary Shares 
pro rata with the Additional Tier 1 Notes and all other Loss Absorbing Instruments (in each 
case subject to and as provided in the preceding paragraph) to the extent necessary to cure the 
relevant Contingency Event; and (b) secondly, the balance (if any) of the principal amount of 
such Full Loss Absorbing Instruments remaining following (a) above shall be written-down (or 
written-off) or converted into Ordinary Shares, as the case may be, with the effect of increasing 
the Issuer's and/or the Group's, as the case may be, Common Equity Tier 1 Capital Ratio above 
the minimum required level under (A) above. 
13.3 
Consequences of loss absorption 
Following the giving of a Loss Absorption Event Notice which specifies a Write-Down of the Additional 
Tier 1 Notes, the Issuer shall procure that: 
(a) 
a similar notice is, or has been, given in respect of each Loss Absorbing Instrument (in 
accordance with, and to the extent required by, its terms); and 
(b) 
the prevailing principal amount of each Loss Absorbing Instrument outstanding (other than the 
Additional Tier 1 Notes) (if any) is written down (or written-off) or converted, as appropriate, 
in accordance with its terms prior to or, as appropriate, as soon as reasonably practicable 
following the giving of such Loss Absorption Event Notice, 
provided, however, that any failure by the Issuer either to give such a notice or to procure such a write 
down and/or conversion will not affect the effectiveness of, or otherwise invalidate, any Write Down of 
the Notes pursuant to Condition 13.2 (Loss absorption) or give Noteholders any rights as a result of either 
such failure (and, for the avoidance of doubt, the Write Down Amount may increase as a result thereof).

--- Page 166 ---
Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes in Physical Form 
10261197493-v5 
- 155 - 
47-41058517 
 
13.4 
Reinstatement of principal amount 
If both a positive Net Banking Income and a positive Consolidated Net Banking Income are recorded at 
any time while the Prevailing Principal Amount of the Additional Tier 1 Notes is less than their Initial 
Principal Amount, the Issuer may, at its full discretion and subject to the Maximum Distributable Amount 
(if any) (when the amount of the Write-Up is aggregated together with other distributions of the Issuer 
or the Group, as applicable, of the kind referred to in Article 141(2) of the CRD IV and, if relevant, in 
any other similar payment restriction provision(s) under the Applicable Banking Regulations (or, if 
different, any provision of Italian law implementing Article 141(2) of the CRD IV, as amended or 
replaced, or if relevant, such other provision(s))) not being exceeded thereby, increase the Prevailing 
Principal Amount of each Note (a "Write-Up") up to a maximum of the Initial Principal Amount, on a 
pro rata basis with the other Additional Tier 1 Notes and with any Written-Down Additional Tier 1 
Instruments that have terms permitting a principal write-up to occur on a basis similar to that set out in 
this Condition 13.4 in the circumstances existing on the date of the relevant Write-Up (based on their 
prevailing principal amounts), provided that the sum of: 
(i) 
the aggregate amount of the relevant Write-Up on all the Additional Tier 1 Notes (aggregated 
with the aggregate amounts of any other Write-Ups out of the same Relevant Net Banking 
Income); 
(ii) 
the aggregate amount of any interest payments on the Additional Tier 1 Notes that were paid on 
the basis of a Prevailing Principal Amount lower than the Initial Principal Amount at any time 
after the end of the previous financial year, 
(iii) 
the aggregate amount of the increase in principal amount of each such Written-Down Additional 
Tier 1 Instrument at the time of the relevant Write-Up; and 
(iv) 
the aggregate amount of any interest payments on each such Written-Down Additional Tier 1 
Instrument that were calculated or paid on the basis of a prevailing principal amount that is 
lower than the principal amount it was issued with at any time after the end of the previous 
financial year, 
does not exceed the Maximum Write-Up Amount. 
The Issuer will not reinstate the principal amount of any Written-Down Additional Tier 1 Instruments of 
the Issuer that have terms permitting a principal write-up to occur on a similar basis to that set out in this 
Condition 13.4 unless it does so on a pro rata basis with a Write-Up on the Additional Tier 1 Notes. 
A Write-Up may be made on one or more occasions in accordance with this Condition 13.4 until the 
Prevailing Principal Amount of the Additional Tier 1 Notes has been reinstated to the Initial Principal 
Amount. No Write-Up shall be operated (i) whilst a Contingency Event has occurred and is continuing, 
or (ii) where any such Write-Up (together with the write-up of all other Written-Down Additional Tier 1 
Instruments) would cause a Contingency Event to occur. 
Any decision by the Issuer to effect or not to effect any Write-Up pursuant to this Condition 13.4 on any 
occasion shall not preclude it from effecting or not effecting any Write-Up on any other occasion 
pursuant to this Condition 13.4. 
If the Issuer decides to Write-Up the Additional Tier 1 Notes pursuant to this Condition 13.4, it shall 
deliver a notice (a "Write-Up Notice") specifying the amount of any Write-Up (as a percentage of the 
Initial Principal Amount of an Additional Tier 1 Note resulting in a pro rata increase in the Prevailing 
Principal Amount of each Additional Tier 1 Note) and the date on which such Write-Up shall take effect 
shall be given to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 20 (Notices) and to the Agent. Such Write-
Up Notice shall be given at least 10 Business Days prior to the date on which the relevant Write-Up 
becomes effective. 
14. 
PAYMENTS  
14.1 
Payments in respect of Notes 
Payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes will be made against presentation and surrender 
(or, in the case of a partial payment, endorsement) of Notes or the appropriate Coupons (as the case may 
be) at the Specified Office of any Paying Agent outside the United States by cheque drawn in the currency 
in which the payment is due on or by transfer to an account denominated in that currency (or, if that 
currency is Euro, any other account to which Euro may be credited or transferred) and maintained by the

--- Page 167 ---
Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes in Physical Form 
10261197493-v5 
- 156 - 
47-41058517 
 
payee with a bank in the Principal Financial Centre of that currency (in the case of a sterling cheque, a 
town clearing branch of a bank in the City of London). Payments of interest due in respect of any Note 
other than on presentation and surrender of matured Coupons shall be made only against presentation 
and either surrender or endorsement (as appropriate) of the relevant Note. 
14.2 
Payments in New York City 
Payments of principal or interest may be made at the Specified Office of a Paying Agent in New York 
City if (i) the Issuer has appointed Paying Agents outside the United States with the reasonable 
expectation that such Paying Agents will be able to make payment of the full amount of the interest on 
the Notes in the currency in which the payment is due when due, (ii) payment of the full amount of such 
interest at the offices of all such Paying Agents is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls 
or other similar restrictions and (iii) payment is permitted by applicable United States law. 
14.3 
Payments subject to applicable laws 
All payments in respect of the Notes made in accordance with these Conditions shall be subject to: 
(i) 
any fiscal or other laws, regulations and directives applicable thereto; and  
(ii) 
any withholding or deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) 
of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the "Code") or otherwise imposed pursuant to 
Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or agreements thereunder, any official 
interpretations thereof, any intergovernmental agreement in place between the United States 
and another jurisdiction facilitating the implementation thereof, or (without prejudice to the 
provisions of Condition 16 (Taxation)) any law implementing an intergovernmental approach 
thereto,  
but, in each case, without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 16 (Taxation). 
No commissions or expenses shall be charged to the Noteholders or Couponholders in respect of such 
payments. 
14.4 
Surrender of unmatured Coupons 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies that the Fixed Rate Note Provisions are applicable and a Note is 
presented without all unmatured Coupons relating thereto: 
(i) 
if the aggregate amount of the missing Coupons is less than or equal to the amount of principal 
due for payment, a sum equal to the aggregate amount of the missing Coupons will be deducted 
from the amount of principal due for payment; provided, however, that if the gross amount 
available for payment is less than the amount of principal due for payment, the sum deducted 
will be that proportion of the aggregate amount of such missing Coupons which the gross 
amount actually available for payment bears to the amount of principal due for payment; 
(ii) 
if the aggregate amount of the missing Coupons is greater than the amount of principal due for 
payment: 
(a) 
so many of such missing Coupons shall become void (in inverse order of maturity) as 
will result in the aggregate amount of the remainder of such missing Coupons (the 
"Relevant Coupons") being equal to the amount of principal due for payment; 
provided, however, that where this sub-paragraph would otherwise require a fraction 
of a missing Coupon to become void, such missing Coupon shall become void in its 
entirety; and 
(b) 
a sum equal to the aggregate amount of the Relevant Coupons (or, if less, the amount 
of principal due for payment) will be deducted from the amount of principal due for 
payment; provided, however, that, if the gross amount available for payment is less 
than the amount of principal due for payment, the sum deducted will be that proportion 
of the aggregate amount of the Relevant Coupons (or, as the case may be, the amount 
of principal due for payment) which the gross amount actually available for payment 
bears to the amount of principal due for payment. 
Each sum of principal so deducted shall be paid in the manner provided in paragraph (i) above against 
presentation and (provided that payment is made in full) surrender of the relevant missing Coupons.

--- Page 168 ---
Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes in Physical Form 
10261197493-v5 
- 157 - 
47-41058517 
 
14.5 
Unmatured Coupons void 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies that this Condition 14.5 (Unmatured Coupons void) is applicable 
or that the Floating Rate Note Provisions or CMS Linked Interest Note Provisions are applicable, on the 
due date for final redemption of any Note or early redemption in whole of such Note pursuant to 
Condition 15.3 (Redemption for Taxation Reasons), Condition 15.4 (Redemption for Regulatory 
Reasons), Condition 15.5 (Redemption at the Option of the Issuer), Condition 15.10 (Issuer Call due to 
a MREL Disqualification Event), Condition 15.11 (Redemption at the Option of Noteholders) or 
Condition 19 (Events of Default), all unmatured Coupons relating thereto (whether or not still attached) 
shall become void and no payment will be made in respect thereof. 
14.6 
Payments on a Business Day 
A Note or Coupon may only be presented for payment on a day which is a Payment Business Day in the 
place of presentation. If the due date for payment in respect of any Note or Coupon is not a Payment 
Business Day in the place of presentation, the holder will not be entitled to payment of the amount due 
until the next succeeding Payment Business Day and no further interest or other payment will be made 
as a consequence of the day on which the relevant Note or Coupon may be presented for payment under 
Condition 14 (Payments) falling after the due date.  
14.7 
Agents 
The initial Paying Agents and their initial Specified Offices are listed below. The initial Calculation 
Agent (if any) is specified in the applicable Final Terms. The Issuer reserves the right at any time to vary 
or terminate the appointment of any Paying Agent, appoint additional or other Paying Agents and appoint 
a successor issuing and principal paying agent or Calculation Agent, provided it will at all times maintain: 
(i) 
an Agent;  
(ii) 
if a Calculation Agent is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer shall at all times 
maintain a Calculation Agent; and 
(iii) 
for so long as the Notes are listed on any stock exchange or admitted to trading by any relevant 
authority, a Paying Agent (which may be the Agent) having its Specified Office in such place 
as may be required by applicable laws and regulations or the rules and regulations of the relevant 
stock exchange. 
Notice of any change in the Paying Agents or their Specified Offices will promptly be given to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 20 (Notices). 
14.8 
Partial Payments 
If a Paying Agent makes a partial payment in respect of any Note or Coupon presented to it for payment, 
such Paying Agent will endorse thereon a statement indicating the amount and date of such payment. 
14.9 
Exchange of Talons 
On or after the maturity date of the final Coupon which is (or was at the time of issue) attached to the 
Notes, the Talon attached to such Note may be exchanged at the Specified Office of the Agent for further 
Coupons, as the case may be including, if appropriate, a further Talon but excluding any Coupons in 
respect of which claims have already become void pursuant to Condition 17 (Prescription). Upon the 
due date for redemption of any Note, any unexchanged Talon relating to such Note shall become void 
and no Coupon will be delivered in respect of such Talon. 
15. 
REDEMPTION AND PURCHASE 
15.1 
Final Redemption 
This Condition 15.1 applies only to any Notes other than the Notes specified in the applicable Final 
Terms as being Additional Tier 1 Notes. 
Unless previously redeemed, or purchased and cancelled as provided below, the Notes will be redeemed 
at their Final Redemption Amount on the Maturity Date, subject as provided in Condition 15.8 
(Redemption of Subordinated Notes and Additional Tier 1 Notes) and Condition 14 (Payments).

--- Page 169 ---
Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes in Physical Form 
10261197493-v5 
- 158 - 
47-41058517 
 
15.2 
No fixed redemption for the Additional Tier 1 Notes 
This Condition 15.2 applies only to Notes specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Additional 
Tier 1 Notes. 
The Additional Tier 1 Notes have no fixed redemption date and may not be redeemed otherwise than in 
accordance with this Condition 15.2. 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as provided below, the Additional Tier 1 Notes 
will become repayable on the date on which voluntary or involuntary winding up, dissolution, liquidation 
or bankruptcy (including, inter alia, Liquidazione Coatta Amministrativa) proceedings are instituted in 
respect of the Issuer, in accordance with (a) a resolution of the shareholders' meeting of the Issuer, (b) 
any provision of the by-laws of the Issuer (currently, the maturity of the Issuer is set in its by-laws at 31 
December 2050 and may be extended by resolution), or (c) any applicable legal provision, or any decision 
of any judicial or administrative authority. Thereupon, the Additional Tier 1 Notes will become due and 
payable at an amount equal to their Prevailing Principal Amount, together with any accrued but unpaid 
interest (to the extent not cancelled in accordance with Condition 12.5 (Cancellation of Interest Amounts)) 
up to, but excluding the date fixed for redemption, and any additional amounts due pursuant to Condition 
16 (Taxation). 
15.3 
Redemption for Taxation Reasons 
If: 
(a) 
in the case of Additional Tier 1 Notes only, the part of the interest payable by the Issuer under 
the Additional Tier 1 Notes that on the Issue Date is tax-deductible by the Issuer for Italian tax 
purposes is reduced, or the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay additional amounts as 
provided or referred to in Condition 16 (Taxation) as a result of any change in, or amendment 
to the laws, regulations or rulings of, or applicable in, the Republic of Italy, or any political 
subdivision or any authority or agency thereof or therein having power to tax, or any change in 
the application or official interpretation or administration of such laws, regulations or rulings: 
(A) 
which change or amendment: 
(i) 
becomes effective after the Issue Date; 
(ii) 
in the event of any redemption upon the occurrence of a Tax Event prior to 
the fifth anniversary of the Issue Date, if and to the extent then required under 
the Applicable Banking Regulations, the Issuer demonstrates to the 
satisfaction of the Relevant Authority is material and was not reasonably 
foreseeable by the Issuer as at the Issue Date; 
(iii) 
is evidenced by the delivery by the Issuer to the Agent of a certificate signed 
by two Authorised Signatories of the Issuer stating that part of the interest 
payable by the Issuer in respect of the Additional Tier 1 Notes that is on the 
Issue Date tax-deductible is no longer, or will no longer be, deductible for 
Italian income tax purposes or such deductibility is materially reduced, or that 
the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay such additional amounts, as the 
case may be, and describing the facts leading thereto and an opinion of 
independent legal advisers of recognised standing to the effect that such 
circumstances prevail; and 
(B) 
which obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures available 
to it; or 
(b) 
in the case of any Note other than Additional Tier 1 Notes, 
(A) 
as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of a Relevant 
Jurisdiction, or any change in the application or official interpretation of the laws or 
regulations of a Relevant Jurisdiction, which change or amendment becomes effective 
after the date of issue of the first Tranche of the Notes, (a) the Issuer would be required 
to pay additional amounts as provided or referred to in Condition 16 (Taxation) or (b) 
for Subordinated Notes only, deductibility of interest payable by the Issuer in respect 
of the Subordinated Notes is materially reduced for Italian income tax purposes;

--- Page 170 ---
Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes in Physical Form 
10261197493-v5 
- 159 - 
47-41058517 
 
(B) 
such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures available 
to it; and 
(C) 
in the case of Subordinated Notes only, if the circumstances under items (A) and (B) 
above have occurred before five years from the issue of the relevant Subordinated 
Notes, the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Relevant Authority that 
such change is material and was not reasonably foreseeable at the Issue Date, 
(any such event, a "Tax Event") 
the Issuer may at its option (but subject to Condition 15.8 (Redemption of Subordinated Notes and 
Additional Tier 1 Notes) and to Condition 15.9 (Redemption of Senior Notes and Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes), as applicable), having given not less than 15 nor more than 30 days' notice to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 20 (Notices) (which notice shall be irrevocable), redeem all the Notes, but 
not some only, at their Early Redemption Amount (Tax) or, in the case of Additional Tier 1 Notes, at 
their Prevailing Principal Amount, together with interest accrued to but excluding the relevant date of 
redemption: 
(A) 
at any time (if neither the Floating Rate Note Provisions nor CMS Linked Interest Note 
Provisions are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable); or 
(B) 
on any Interest Payment Date (if the Floating Rate Note Provisions or CMS Linked Interest 
Note Provisions are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable), 
provided, however, that no such notice of redemption shall be given (i) earlier than (a) where the Notes 
may be redeemed at any time, 90 days prior to the earliest date on which the Issuer would be obliged to 
pay such additional amounts, were a payment in respect of the Notes then due; or (b) where the Notes 
may be redeemed only on an Interest Payment Date, 60 days prior to the Interest Payment Date occurring 
immediately before the earliest date on which the Issuer would be obliged to pay such additional amounts, 
were a payment in respect of the Notes then due and (ii) unless, at the time such notice is given, such 
change or amendment remains in effect (or due to take effect). 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition 15.3 (Redemption for 
Taxation Reasons) in the case of any Note other than Additional Tier 1 Notes, the Issuer shall deliver to 
the Agent to make available at its Specified Office to the Noteholders (i) a certificate signed by two 
Authorised Signatories of the Issuer stating the Issuer is entitled to effect such redemption and setting 
forth a statement of facts showing that the conditions precedent to the right of the Issuer so to redeem 
have occurred and (ii) an opinion of independent legal advisers of recognised standing to the effect that 
the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay such additional amounts as a result of the change or 
amendment. 
Upon the expiry of any notice as is referred in this Condition 15.3 (Redemption for Taxation Reasons), 
the Issuer shall be bound to redeem the Notes in accordance with the terms of this Condition 15.3 
(Redemption for Taxation Reasons) (subject to Condition 15.8 (Redemption of Subordinated Notes and 
Additional Tier 1 Notes) and to Condition 15.9 (Redemption of Senior Notes and Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes)). 
15.4 
Redemption for Regulatory Reasons  
This Condition 15.4 applies only to Notes specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Subordinated 
Notes and Additional Tier 1 Notes. 
If, at any time the Issuer determines that a Regulatory Event has occurred in respect of the Subordinated 
Notes or a Capital Event has occurred in respect of the Additional Tier 1 Notes, the Notes may be 
redeemed at the option of the Issuer (subject to Condition 15.8 (Redemption of Subordinated Notes and 
Additional Tier 1 Notes)), in whole, but not in part, at any time (if this Note is neither a Floating Rate 
Note nor a CMS Linked Interest Note) or on any Interest Payment Date (if the Note is either a Floating 
Rate Note or a CMS Linked Interest Note), on giving not less than 15 nor more than 30 days' notice to 
the Agent and, in accordance with Condition 20 (Notices) to the Noteholders (which notice shall be 
irrevocable). 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition 15.4 (Redemption for 
Regulatory Reasons), the Issuer shall deliver or procure that there is delivered to the Agent a certificate 
signed by two Authorised Signatories of the Issuer stating that the said circumstances prevail and describe

--- Page 171 ---
Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes in Physical Form 
10261197493-v5 
- 160 - 
47-41058517 
 
the facts leading thereto, in which event it shall be conclusive and binding on the Noteholders and the 
Couponholders.  
Upon the expiry of any such notice as is referred to in this Condition 15.4 (Redemption for Regulatory 
Reasons), the Issuer shall – subject to Condition 15.8 (Redemption of Subordinated Notes and Additional 
Tier 1 Notes) - be bound to redeem the Notes in accordance with this Condition 15.4 (Redemption for 
Regulatory Reasons), at the Early Redemption Amount (Regulatory Event) described in the applicable 
Final Terms, or in the case of the Additional Tier 1, at their Prevailing Principal Amount, together (if 
appropriate) with interest accrued to (but excluding) the date of redemption. 
15.5 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer 
This Condition 15.5 applies to Notes which are subject to redemption prior to maturity at the option of 
the Issuer (other than for taxation reasons or for regulatory reasons). If the Call Option is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms as being applicable, the Notes may (subject to Condition 15.8 (Redemption of 
Subordinated Notes and Additional Tier 1 Notes) and to Condition 15.9 (Redemption of Senior Notes 
and Senior Non-Preferred Notes)) be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole or, if so specified in 
the applicable Final Terms, in part on any Optional Redemption Date(s) (Call) at the relevant Optional 
Redemption Amount (Call) or, in the case of Additional Tier 1 Notes, at their Prevailing Principal 
Amount, together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the relevant Optional 
Redemption Date(s) (Call), on the Issuer's giving not less than 15 nor more than 30 days' notice to the 
Noteholders which notice shall – subject to Condition 15.8 (Redemption of Subordinated Notes and 
Additional Tier 1 Notes) and to Condition 15.9 (Redemption of Senior Notes and Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes), as applicable - be irrevocable and shall oblige the Issuer to redeem the Notes or, as the case may 
be, the Notes specified in such notice on the relevant Optional Redemption Date(s) (Call) at the Optional 
Redemption Amount (Call) or, in the case of Additional Tier 1 Notes, at their Prevailing Principal 
Amount, together if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the relevant Optional 
Redemption Date(s) (Call). 
15.6 
Partial Redemption 
If the Notes are to be redeemed in part only on any date in accordance with Condition 15.5 (Redemption 
at the Option of the Issuer), the Notes to be redeemed shall be selected by the drawing of lots in such 
place as the Agent approves and in such manner as the Agent considers appropriate, subject to 
compliance with applicable law and the rules of each listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation 
system (if any) by which the Notes have then been admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation, and the 
notice to Noteholders referred to in Condition 15.5 (Redemption at the Option of the Issuer) shall specify 
the serial numbers of the Notes so to be redeemed. If any Maximum Redemption Amount or Minimum 
Redemption Amount is specified in the applicable Final Terms, then the Optional Redemption Amount 
(Call) shall in no event be greater than the maximum or less than the minimum so specified. 
15.7 
Italian Civil Code 
The Notes are not subject to Article 1186 of the Italian Civil Code nor, to the extent applicable, to Article 
1819 of the Italian Civil Code.  
15.8 
Redemption of Subordinated Notes and Additional Tier 1 Notes 
Any redemption of, respectively, the Subordinated Notes in accordance with Condition 15.1 (Final 
Redemption), Condition 15.3 (Redemption for Taxation Reasons), Condition 15.4 (Redemption for 
Regulatory Reasons) and/or Condition 15.5 (Redemption at the Option of the Issuer) or the Additional 
Tier 1 Notes in accordance with Condition 15.2 (No fixed redemption for the Additional Tier 1 Notes), 
Condition 15.3 (Redemption for Taxation Reasons), Condition 15.4 (Redemption for Regulatory 
Reasons), Condition 15.5 (Redemption at the Option of the Issuer), Condition 15.12 (Clean-up 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer) and/or Condition 21 (Meeting of Noteholders, Noteholders' 
Representative) (including for the avoidance of doubt, any modification in accordance with Condition 
21), and any purchase in accordance with Condition 15.15 (Purchases) shall be subject to compliance 
with the then Applicable Banking Regulations, including, as relevant, for the avoidance of doubt to: 
(a) 
the Issuer giving notice to the Relevant Authority and the Relevant Authority granting prior 
permission to redeem or purchase the relevant Subordinated Notes or Additional Tier 1 Notes 
(in each case to the extent, and in the manner, required by the then Applicable Banking 
Regulations, including Articles 77 and 78 of the CRR, as amended or replaced from time to 
time), where either:

--- Page 172 ---
Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes in Physical Form 
10261197493-v5 
- 161 - 
47-41058517 
 
(i) 
on or before such redemption or purchase (as applicable), the Issuer replaces the 
relevant Notes with Own Funds instruments of equal or higher quality at terms that are 
sustainable for the income capacity of the Issuer; or 
(ii) 
the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Relevant Authority that its Own 
Funds and eligible liabilities would, following such repayment or purchase, exceed the 
minimum requirements (including any capital buffer requirements) required under the 
Applicable Banking Regulations by a margin that the Relevant Authority considers 
necessary at such time; and 
(b) 
in respect of a call, redemption repayment or repurchase prior to the fifth anniversary of the 
Issue Date of the relevant Subordinated Notes or Additional Tier 1 Notes, if and to the extent 
required under Article 78(4) of the CRR or the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No. 
241/2014 of 7 January 2014: 
(i) 
in the case of redemption pursuant to Condition 15.3 (Redemption for Taxation 
Reasons), the Issuer having demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Relevant Authority 
that the change in the applicable tax treatment of the Subordinated Notes or Additional 
Tier 1 Notes is material and was not reasonably foreseeable as at the Issue Date; or 
(ii) 
in case of redemption pursuant to Condition 15.4 (Redemption for Regulatory Reasons), 
a Regulatory Event having occurred in respect of Subordinated Notes or a Capital 
Event having occurred in respect of Additional Tier 1 Notes; or 
(iii) 
on or before such redemption or repurchase (as applicable), the Issuer replacing the 
relevant Notes with Own Funds instruments of equal or higher quality at terms that are 
sustainable for the income capacity of the Issuer and the Relevant Authority having 
permitted that action on the basis of the determination that it would be beneficial from 
a prudential point of view and justified by exceptional circumstances; or 
(iv) 
the relevant Notes being repurchased for market making purposes, 
subject in any event to any alternative or additional conditions or requirements as may be 
applicable from time to time under the Applicable Banking Regulations. 
The Relevant Authority may grant a general prior permission, for a specified period which shall 
not exceed one year, to redeem or purchase (including for market making purposes) the 
Subordinated Notes or Additional Tier 1 Notes, in the limit of a predetermined amount, which 
shall not exceed the lower of (i) 10 per cent. (or any other threshold as may be requested or 
required by the Relevant Authority from time to time) of the aggregate nominal amount of the 
relevant Series of the Subordinated Notes or the Additional Tier 1 Notes and (ii) 3 per cent. (or 
any other threshold as may be requested or required by the Relevant Authority from time to 
time) of the outstanding aggregate nominal amount of the Tier 2 Capital instruments or the 
Additional Tier 1 instruments of the Issuer at the relevant time, subject to criteria that ensure 
that any such redemption or purchase will be in accordance with the conditions set out at letters 
(i) or (ii) of subparagraph (a) of the preceding paragraph. 
If the Issuer has elected to redeem any Additional Tier 1 Notes pursuant to Condition 15.3 (Redemption 
for Taxation Reasons), Condition 15.4 (Redemption for Regulatory Reasons) and/or Condition 15.5 
(Redemption at the Option of the Issuer), and prior to the relevant redemption date a Contingency Event 
occurs, the relevant redemption notice shall be automatically rescinded and shall be of no force and effect, 
the Prevailing Principal Amount of the Notes will not be due and payable and a Write-Down shall occur 
as described under Condition 13 (Loss Absorption and Reinstatement of Principal Amount). 
The Issuer shall not give a redemption notice pursuant to Condition 15.3 (Redemption for Taxation 
Reasons) and Condition 15.4 (Redemption for Regulatory Reasons), Condition 15.5 (Redemption at the 
Option of the Issuer), in the period following the giving of a Loss Absorption Event Notice and prior to 
the relevant Write Down Effective Date. 
15.9 
Redemption of Senior Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes  
Any redemption of the Senior Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes in accordance with Condition 15.3 
(Redemption for Taxation Reasons), Condition 15.5 (Redemption at the Option of the Issuer), Condition 
15.10 (Issuer Call Due to a MREL Disqualification Event), Condition 15.12 (Clean-up Redemption at

--- Page 173 ---
Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes in Physical Form 
10261197493-v5 
- 162 - 
47-41058517 
 
the option of the Issuer), Condition 21 (Meeting of Noteholders, Noteholders' Representative) (including 
for the avoidance of doubt, any modification in accordance with Condition 21), and any purchase in 
accordance with Condition 15.15 (Purchases) of the Senior Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
qualifying as eligible liabilities instruments according to the MREL Requirements is subject to 
compliance with the then Applicable Banking Regulations, including the condition that the Issuer has 
obtained the prior permission of the Relevant Authority in accordance with Article 78a of the CRR, 
where one of the following conditions is met: 
(A) 
on or before such call, redemption, repayment or repurchase (as applicable), the Issuer replaces 
the Senior Notes or the Senior Non-Preferred Notes with Own Funds instruments or eligible 
liabilities instruments of equal or higher quality at terms that are sustainable for its income 
capacity; or  
(B) 
the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Relevant Authority that its Own Funds and 
eligible liabilities would, following such call, redemption, repayment or repurchase, exceed the 
requirements for Own Funds and eligible liabilities laid down in the Applicable Banking 
Regulations by a margin that the Relevant Authority considers necessary; or  
(C) 
the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Relevant Authority that the partial or full 
replacement of the eligible liabilities with Own Funds instruments is necessary to ensure 
compliance with the Own Funds requirements laid down in the Applicable Banking Regulations 
for continuing authorization, 
subject in any event to any different conditions or requirements as may be provided from time to time 
under the Applicable Banking Regulations. 
The Relevant Authority may grant a general prior permission, for a specified period which shall not 
exceed one year, to redeem or purchase (including for market making purposes) Senior Notes or Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes, in the limit of a predetermined amount, instruments, subject to criteria that ensure 
that any such redemption or purchase will be in accordance with the conditions set out in sub-paragraphs 
(A) and (B) of the preceding paragraph. For the avoidance of doubt, any refusal of the Relevant Authority 
to grant its permission in accordance with Article 78a of the CRR shall not constitute a default of the 
Issuer for any purposes. 
15.10 
Issuer Call Due to a MREL Disqualification Event 
This Condition 15.10 (Issuer Call Due to a MREL Disqualification Event) applies only to Notes specified 
in the applicable Final Terms as Senior Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes. 
If Issuer Call due to a MREL Disqualification Event is specified as being applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, the Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer (subject to the provisions of Condition 
15.9 (Redemption of Senior Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes)), having given not less than 15 nor 
more than 30 days' notice the Agent and, in accordance with Condition 20 (Notices), to the Noteholders 
(which notice shall specify the date fixed for redemption), in whole, but not in part, at any time (if the 
Note is neither a Floating Rate Note nor a CMS Linked Interest Note) or on any Interest Payment Date 
(if this Note is either a Floating Rate Note or a CMS Linked Interest Note), if the Issuer determines that 
a MREL Disqualification Event has occurred and is continuing. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition 15.10 (Issuer Call Due to 
a MREL Disqualification Event), the Issuer shall deliver or procure that there is delivered to the Agent a 
certificate signed by two Authorised Signatories of the Issuer stating that the said circumstances prevail 
and describe the facts leading thereto, in which event it shall be conclusive and binding on the 
Noteholders and the Couponholders.  
Upon the expiry of any such notice as is referred to in this Condition 15.10 (Issuer Call Due to a MREL 
Disqualification Event), the Issuer shall – subject to Condition 15.9 (Redemption of Senior Notes and 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes) – be bound to redeem the Notes in accordance with this Condition 15.10 
(Issuer Call Due to a MREL Disqualification Event) at the Early Redemption Amount described in the 
applicable Final Terms, together (if appropriate) with interest accrued to (but excluding) the date of 
redemption.

--- Page 174 ---
Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes in Physical Form 
10261197493-v5 
- 163 - 
47-41058517 
 
15.11 
Redemption at the Option of Noteholders 
This Condition 15.11 (Redemption at the Option of Noteholders) is applicable only to Senior Notes and 
if the Put Option is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable. 
The Issuer shall, at the option of the holder of any Note redeem such Note on the Optional Redemption 
Date(s) (Put) specified in the relevant Put Option Notice at the relevant Optional Redemption Amount 
(Put) together with interest (if any) accrued to such date. In order to exercise the option contained in this 
Condition 15.11 (Redemption at the Option of Noteholders), the holder of a Note must, not less than 30 
nor more than 60 days before the relevant Optional Redemption Date(s) (Put), deposit with any Paying 
Agent such Note together with all unmatured Coupons relating thereto and a duly completed Put Option 
Notice in the form obtainable from any Paying Agent. The Paying Agent with which a Note is so 
deposited shall deliver a duly completed Put Option Receipt to the depositing Noteholder. No Note, once 
deposited with a duly completed Put Option Notice in accordance with this Condition 15.11 (Redemption 
at the Option of Noteholders), may be withdrawn; provided, however, that if, prior to the relevant 
Optional Redemption Date(s) (Put), any such Note becomes immediately due and payable or, upon due 
presentation of any such Note on the relevant Optional Redemption Date(s) (Put), payment of the 
redemption moneys is improperly withheld or refused, the relevant Paying Agent shall mail notification 
thereof to the depositing Noteholder at such address as may have been given by such Noteholder in the 
relevant Put Option Notice and shall hold such Note at its Specified Office for collection by the 
depositing Noteholder against surrender of the relevant Put Option Receipt. For so long as any 
outstanding Note is held by a Paying Agent in accordance with this Condition 15.11 (Redemption at the 
Option of Noteholders), the depositor of such Note and not such Paying Agent shall be deemed to be the 
holder of such Note for all purposes. 
15.12 
Clean-up Redemption at the option of the Issuer 
If a clean-up redemption option (the "Clean-Up Redemption Option") is specified as applicable in the 
Final Terms, and if 75% or any higher percentage specified in the relevant Final Terms (the "Clean-Up 
Percentage") of the initial aggregate nominal amount of the Notes of the same Series (which for the 
avoidance of doubt includes, any additional Notes issued subsequently and forming a single series with 
the first Tranche of a particular Series of Notes) have been redeemed or purchased by, or on behalf of, 
the Issuer and cancelled, the Issuer may at any time, at its option, and having given to the Paying Agent, 
the relevant Clearing Systems and, in accordance with Condition 20 (Notices), the Noteholders not less 
than 5 nor more than 30 calendar days' notice (the "Clean-Up Redemption Notice") (which notices shall 
be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption), redeem such outstanding Notes, in whole 
but not in part, at their clean-up redemption amount ("Clean-Up Redemption Amount") together, if 
appropriate, with accrued interest to (but excluding) the date of redemption, on the date fixed for 
redemption identified in the Clean-Up Redemption Notice. 
In the case of Senior Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes, the redemption referred to in this Condition 
15.12 shall be subject to Condition 15.9 (Redemption of Senior Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes). 
In the case of Subordinated Notes, the redemption referred to in this Condition 15.12 shall be subject to 
Condition 15.8 (Redemption of Subordinated Notes and Additional Tier 1 Notes). 
15.13 
No other redemption 
The Issuer shall not be entitled to redeem the Notes otherwise than as provided in Conditions 15.1 (Final 
Redemption) to 15.11 (Redemption at the Option of Noteholders). 
15.14 
Early Redemption of Zero Coupon Notes 
Unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Redemption Amount payable on 
redemption of a Zero Coupon Note at any time before the Maturity Date shall be an amount equal to the 
sum of: 
(i) 
the Reference Price; and 
(ii) 
the product of the Accrual Yield (compounded annually) being applied to the Reference Price 
from (and including) the Issue Date to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the 
case may be) the date upon which the Note becomes due and payable.

--- Page 175 ---
Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes in Physical Form 
10261197493-v5 
- 164 - 
47-41058517 
 
Where such calculation is to be made for a period which is not a whole number of years, the calculation 
in respect of the period of less than a full year shall be made on the basis of such Day Count Fraction as 
may be specified in the applicable Final Terms for the purposes of Condition 15.11 (Redemption at the 
Option of Noteholders) or, if none is so specified, a Day Count Fraction of 30E/360.  
15.15 
Purchases 
The Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries may purchase Notes in any manner and at any price, provided that:  
(i) 
all unmatured Coupons appertaining to the Notes are purchased with such Notes;  
(ii) 
in the case of Subordinated Notes or Additional Tier 1 Notes, the purchase of the relevant 
Subordinated Notes or Additional Tier 1 Notes by the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries shall take 
place subject as provided in Condition 15.8 (Redemption of Subordinated Notes and Additional 
Tier 1 Notes); and 
(iii) 
in the case of Senior Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes, the purchase of the relevant Senior 
Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes by the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries shall take place 
subject as provided in Condition 15.9 (Redemption of Senior Notes and Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes). 
15.16 
Cancellations 
All Notes which are redeemed and any unmatured Coupons attached to or surrendered with them shall 
be cancelled and may not be reissued or resold. Subject to the requirements (if any) of any stock exchange 
or securities market on which the Notes may be admitted to listing and/or trading at the relevant time and 
subject to compliance with all applicable laws and regulations, Notes purchased by the Issuer or any of 
its Subsidiaries may be held or re-sold by the Issuer or submitted for cancellation by the Issuer or its 
Subsidiaries, in each case, at the Issuer's discretion. 
16. 
TAXATION 
16.1 
Payment without Withholding  
All payments of principal (if applicable) and interest in respect of the Notes and the Coupons by or on 
behalf of the Issuer shall be made free and clear of, and without withholding or deduction for or on 
account of, any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature 
("Taxes") imposed or levied by or on behalf of any Relevant Jurisdiction, unless the withholding or 
deduction of the Taxes is required by law. In that event, the Issuer will pay such additional amounts as 
may be necessary in order that the net amounts received by the Noteholders and Couponholders after 
such withholding or deduction shall be equal to the amounts of principal, in the case of Senior Notes that 
are not eligible at the relevant Issue Date to meet the Issuer's MREL Requirements only, and interest, in 
the case of any Notes, which would have been received in respect of the Notes or the Coupons in the 
absence of such withholding or deduction; except that no additional amounts shall be payable in respect 
of any Note or Coupon: 
(i) 
presented for payment by, or by a third party on behalf of, the holder who is liable to such Taxes 
in respect of such Note or Coupon by reason of it having some connection with the Relevant 
Jurisdiction other than a mere holding of the Note or the Coupon; or 
(ii) 
presented for payment in the Relevant Jurisdiction; or 
(iii) 
presented for payment by or on behalf of a holder of Notes or Coupons who would have been 
able to avoid such withholding or deduction by making a declaration of non-residence or other 
similar claim for an exemption; or 
(iv) 
requested more than 30 days after the Relevant Date except to the extent that a holder of such 
Note or Coupon would have been entitled to such additional amounts on presenting such 
payment Note or Coupon for payment on the last day of the period of 30 days; or 
(v) 
in relation to any payment or deduction on principal, interest or other proceeds of any Note on 
account of imposta sostitutiva pursuant to Italian Legislative Decree No. 239 of 1 April 1996, 
as amended or supplemented from time to time, or related implementing regulations (the 
"Decree No. 239"); or

--- Page 176 ---
Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes in Physical Form 
10261197493-v5 
- 165 - 
47-41058517 
 
(vi) 
in circumstances in which the formalities, procedures and requirements to obtain an exemption 
from imposta sostitutiva under Decree No. 239 have not been complied with, except where such 
formalities, procedures and requirements have not been complied with due to the actions or 
omissions of the Issuer or its agents; or 
(vii) 
in relation to any payment or deduction on principal, interest or other proceeds of any Note on 
account of any withholding or deduction pursuant to Italian Law Decree No. 512 of 30 
September 1983, as amended or supplemented from time to time. 
The Issuer will have no obligation to pay additional amounts or otherwise indemnify an investor for any 
amounts required to be withheld or deducted pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any 
regulation or agreements thereunder, any official interpretations thereof, any intergovernmental 
agreement in place between the United States and another jurisdiction facilitating the implementation 
thereof or any law implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto to be deducted or withheld by 
the Issuer, the paying agent or any other party. 
16.2 
Additional Amounts 
Any reference in these Conditions to any amounts of principal and interest in respect of the Notes and 
the Coupons shall be deemed also to refer to any additional amounts which may be payable under 
Condition 16 (Taxation). 
17. 
PRESCRIPTION 
Claims in respect of principal and interest will become void unless presentation for payment is made as 
required by Condition 14 (Payments) within a period of ten years in the case of principal and five years 
in the case of interest from the appropriate Relevant Date, subject to provisions of Condition 14 
(Payments). 
18. 
REPLACEMENT OF NOTES AND COUPONS 
If any Note or Coupon is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed it may be replaced at the Specified 
Office of the Agent, subject to all applicable laws and stock exchange or other relevant authority 
requirements, upon payment by the claimant of the expenses incurred in connection with such 
replacement and on such terms as to evidence, security, indemnity and otherwise as the Issuer may 
require (provided that the requirement is reasonable in the light of prevailing market practice). Mutilated 
or defaced Notes or Coupons must be surrendered before replacements will be issued. 
19. 
EVENTS OF DEFAULT 
With respect to any Note, if any of the following events occurs: 
(i) 
Winding-up etc: if an order is made by any competent court or an effective resolution is passed 
for the winding up, liquidation or dissolution of the Issuer (otherwise than for the purposes of 
and pursuant to an amalgamation, reorganisation or restructuring whilst solvent); or 
(ii) 
Analogous event: any event occurs which under the laws of the Relevant Jurisdiction has an 
analogous effect to any of the events referred to in paragraph (i) (Winding up, etc.) above, 
then any Note may, by written notice addressed by the holder thereof to the Issuer and delivered to the 
Issuer or to the Specified Office of the Agent, be declared immediately due and payable, whereupon it 
shall become immediately due and payable at its Early Termination Amount or, in the case of Additional 
Tier 1 Notes, at their Prevailing Principal Amount together with accrued interest (in the case of 
Additional Tier 1 Notes, to the extent that such interest is not cancelled in accordance with these 
Conditions) (if any) without further action or formality. No Event of Default shall occur other than in the 
circumstances under paragraphs (i) and (ii) above (and, for the avoidance of doubt, resolution 
proceeding(s) or moratoria imposed by a resolution authority in respect of the Issuer shall not constitute 
an Event of Default for any purpose). 
20. 
NOTICES 
Notices to Noteholders will be valid if published in a reputable leading English language daily newspaper 
published in London with an international circulation (which is expected to be the Financial Times) and 
(so long as the Notes are listed on a securities market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and it is a 
requirement of applicable laws and regulations or the rules of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange) a leading

--- Page 177 ---
Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes in Physical Form 
10261197493-v5 
- 166 - 
47-41058517 
 
newspaper having general circulation in Luxembourg or on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's website 
(www.luxse.com) or, if such publication shall not be practicable, in an leading English language daily 
newspaper of general circulation in Europe (which is expected to be the Financial Times). Any such 
notice shall be deemed to have been given on the date of such publication or, if published more than once 
or on different dates, the first date on which publication is made. Couponholders will be deemed for all 
purposes to have notice of the contents of any notice given to the Noteholders in accordance with this 
Condition 20 (Notices). 
21. 
MEETING OF NOTEHOLDERS, NOTEHOLDERS' REPRESENTATIVE 
21.1 
Meetings of Noteholders  
The Agency Agreement for the Italian Law Notes in Physical Form contains provisions for convening 
meetings of Noteholders to consider matters relating to the Notes, including the modification of any 
provision of these Conditions. Any such modification may be made if sanctioned by an Extraordinary 
Resolution. Such a meeting may be convened by the Issuer and shall be convened by it upon the request 
in writing of Noteholders holding not less than one-tenth of the aggregate principal amount of the 
outstanding Notes. The quorum at any meeting convened to vote on an Extraordinary Resolution will be 
one or more Persons holding or representing a clear majority of the aggregate principal amount of the 
outstanding Notes or, at any adjourned meeting, one or more Persons being or representing Noteholders 
whatever the principal amount of the Notes held or represented; provided, however, that Reserved 
Matters may only be sanctioned by an Extraordinary Resolution passed at a meeting of Noteholders at 
which one or more Persons holding or representing not less than three-fourths or, at any adjourned 
meeting, one third of the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes form a quorum. Any 
Extraordinary Resolution duly passed at any such meeting shall be binding on all the Noteholders and 
Couponholders, whether present or not. 
In addition, a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of all Noteholders who for the time being are 
entitled to receive notice of a meeting of Noteholders will take effect as if it were an Extraordinary 
Resolution. Such a resolution in writing may be contained in one document or several documents in the 
same form, each signed by or on behalf of one or more Noteholders. 
21.2 
Modification 
The Notes, the Coupons and these Conditions may be amended without the consent of the Noteholders 
or the Couponholders to correct a manifest error. In addition, the parties to the Agency Agreement for 
the Italian Law Notes in Physical Form may agree to modify any provision thereof, but the Issuer shall 
not agree, without the consent of the Noteholders, to any such modification unless it is of a formal, minor 
or technical nature, it is made to correct a manifest error or it is not materially prejudicial to the interests 
of the Noteholders.  
For the avoidance of doubt, no Noteholder consent shall be required in connection with effecting the 
Successor Rate or Alternative Benchmark Rate (as applicable) or such other changes, including for the 
execution of any documents or other steps by the Agent (if required) pursuant to Condition 9.10 
(Benchmark Replacement). 
22. 
ROUNDING 
For the purposes of any calculations referred to in these Conditions (unless otherwise specified in these 
Conditions or the applicable Final Terms), (a) all percentages resulting from such calculations will be 
rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point (with 0.000005 per 
cent. being rounded up to 0.00001 per cent.), (b) all United States dollar amounts used in or resulting 
from such calculations will be rounded to the nearest cent (with one half cent being rounded up), (c) all 
Japanese Yen amounts used in or resulting from such calculations will be rounded downwards to the next 
lower whole Japanese Yen amount, and (d) all amounts denominated in any other currency used in or 
resulting from such calculations will be rounded to the nearest two decimal places in such currency, with 
0.005 being rounded upwards. 
23. 
FURTHER ISSUES 
The Issuer may from time to time without the requirement to give notice to, or seek the consent of, the 
Noteholders or the Couponholders create and issue further notes having the same terms and conditions 
as those of the Notes in all respects (or in all respects except for the first payment of interest on them)

--- Page 178 ---
Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes in Physical Form 
10261197493-v5 
- 167 - 
47-41058517 
 
and so that such further issue shall be consolidated and form a single series with the outstanding Notes, 
or upon such terms as the Issuer may determine at the time of their issue.  
24. 
CURRENCY INDEMNITY 
If any sum due from the Issuer in respect of the Notes or the Coupons or any order or judgment given or 
made in relation thereto has to be converted from the currency (the "first currency") in which the same 
is payable under these Conditions or such order or judgment into another currency (the "second 
currency") for the purpose of (a) making or filing a claim or proof against the Issuer, (b) obtaining an 
order or judgment in any court or other tribunal or (c) enforcing any order or judgment given or made in 
relation to the Notes, the Issuer shall indemnify each Noteholder or Couponholder, on the written demand 
of such Noteholder or Couponholder addressed to the Issuer and delivered to the Issuer or to the Specified 
Office of the Agent, against any loss suffered as a result of any discrepancy between (i) the rate of 
exchange used for such purpose to convert the sum in question from the first currency into the second 
currency and (ii) the rate or rates of exchange at which such Noteholder may in the ordinary course of 
business purchase the first currency with the second currency upon receipt of a sum paid to it in 
satisfaction, in whole or in part, of any such order, judgment, claim or proof. 
25. 
GOVERNING LAW AND SUBMISSION TO JURISDICTION 
25.1 
Governing Law  
The Agency Agreement for the Italian Law Notes in Physical Form, the Notes and the Coupons and any 
non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the Agency Agreement for the Italian 
Law Notes in Physical Form, the Notes and the Coupons are governed by, and construed in accordance 
with, Italian law. 
25.2 
Submission to Jurisdiction  
The courts of Milan are to have jurisdiction to settle any disputes which may arise out of or in connection 
with the Notes or the Coupons and accordingly any legal action or proceedings arising out of or in 
connection with the Notes or the Coupons may be brought in such courts.  
26. 
CONTRACTUAL RECOGNITION OF BAIL-IN POWERS 
By the acquisition of the Notes, each Noteholder acknowledges and agrees to be bound by the exercise 
of any Bail-in Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority that may result in the write-down or 
cancellation of all or a portion of the principal amount of, or distributions on, the Notes and/or the 
conversion of all or a portion of the principal amount of, or distributions on, the Notes into ordinary 
shares or other obligations of the Issuer or another person, including by means of a variation to the terms 
of the Notes to give effect to the exercise by the Relevant Resolution Authority of such Bail-in Power. 
Each Noteholder further agrees that the rights of the Noteholders are subject to, and will be varied if 
necessary so as to give effect to, the exercise of any Bail-in Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the potential write-down or cancellation of all or a portion of the principal 
amount of, or distributions on, the Additional Tier 1 Notes or the conversion of the Additional Tier 1 
Notes into Ordinary Shares or other obligations in connection with the exercise of any Bail-in Power by 
the Relevant Authority is separate and distinct from a Write-Down following a Contingency Event 
although these events may occur consecutively. 
Upon the Issuer being informed or notified by the Relevant Resolution Authority of the actual exercise 
of the date from which the Bail-in Power is effective with respect to the Notes, the Issuer shall notify the 
Noteholders without delay. Any delay or failure by the Issuer to give notice shall not affect the validity 
and enforceability of the Bail-in Power nor the effects on the Notes described in this Condition. 
The exercise of the Bail-in Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority with respect to the Notes shall 
not constitute an Event of Default and the terms and conditions for the Notes shall continue to apply in 
relation to the residual principal amount of, or outstanding amount payable with respect to, the Notes 
subject to any modification of the amount of distributions payable to reflect the reduction of the principal 
amount, and any further modification of the terms that the Relevant Resolution Authority may decide in 
accordance with applicable laws and regulations relating to the resolution of credit institutions, 
investment firms and/or Group Entities incorporated in the relevant Member State.

--- Page 179 ---
Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes in Physical Form 
10261197493-v5 
- 168 - 
47-41058517 
 
Each Noteholder also acknowledges and agrees that this provision is exhaustive on the matters described 
herein to the exclusion of any other agreements, arrangements or understandings relating to the 
application of any Bail-in Power to the Notes. 
As used in this Condition: 
"Bail-in Power" means any statutory write-down and/or conversion power existing from time to time 
under any laws, regulations, rules or requirements relating to the resolution of credit institutions, 
investment firms and/or Group Entities incorporated in the relevant Member State in effect and 
applicable in the relevant Member State to the Issuer or other Group Entities, including (but not limited 
to) any such laws, regulations, rules or requirements that are implemented, adopted or enacted within the 
context of any European Union directive or regulation of the European Parliament and of the Council 
establishing a framework for the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and investment firms 
and/or within the context of a relevant Member State resolution regime or otherwise, pursuant to which 
liabilities of a credit institution, investment firm and/or any Group Entities can be reduced, cancelled 
and/or converted into shares or obligations of the obligor or any other person. 
"Group Entity" means the Issuer or any legal person that is part of the Group. 
"Resolution Power" means any statutory write-down, transfer and/or conversion power existing from 
time to time under any laws regulations, rules or requirements relating to the resolution of the Issuer or 
any other entities of the Group, including but not limited to any laws, regulations, rules or requirements 
implementing the BRRD and/or the SRM Regulation. 
"SRM Regulation" means Regulation (EU) No. 806/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council 
of 15 July 2014 establishing uniform rules and a uniform procedure for the resolution of credit institutions 
and certain investment firms in the framework of a Single Resolution Mechanism and a Single Resolution 
Fund and amending Regulation (EU) No 1093/2010, as amended or replaced from time to time (including 
by SRM II Regulation); and 
"SRM II Regulation" means Regulation (EU) No. 2019/877 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 20 May 2019 amending Regulation (EU) No. 806/2014 as regards the loss absorbing and 
recapitalisation capacity of credit institutions and investment firms.

--- Page 180 ---
Terms and Conditions for the Dematerialised Notes 
10261197493-v5 
- 169 - 
47-41058517 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR THE DEMATERIALISED NOTES 
The following are the Terms and Conditions applicable to each Series of Notes issued in Dematerialised form 
(respectively, the "Dematerialised Notes" or the "Notes" and the "Terms and Conditions for the Dematerialised 
Notes" or the "Terms and Conditions"). The applicable Final Terms (or the relevant provisions thereof) will 
complete these Terms and Conditions. Reference should be made to "applicable Final Terms" for a description 
of the content of Final Terms which will specify which of such terms are to apply in relation to the relevant Notes. 
Any reference in these Terms and Conditions to "Noteholders" or "holders" in relation to any Notes shall mean 
the beneficial owners of the Notes and evidenced in book entry form with Monte Titoli S.p.A., with registered 
office and principal place of business at Piazza degli Affari 6, 20123 Milan, Italy ("Monte Titoli") pursuant to 
the relevant provisions of Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998, as amended (the "Financial Services 
Act") and in accordance with the CONSOB and Bank of Italy Jointed Regulation dated 13 August 2018, as 
subsequently amended and supplemented from time to time (the " CONSOB and Bank of Italy Jointed Regulation 
"). No physical document of title will be issued in respect of the Notes. Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V. ("Euroclear") 
and Clearstream Banking S.A. ("Clearstream, Luxembourg") are intermediaries authorised to operate through 
Monte Titoli. 
The Notes are one of a Series (as defined below) of Notes issued by Banca Ifis S.p.A. (the "Issuer") in 
dematerialised form. The Issuer will also act as paying agent for the Notes (the "Paying Agent") save that the 
Issuer is entitled to appoint a different Paying Agent for the Dematerialised Notes in accordance with Condition 
14.4 (Paying Agents). References in these Conditions to "Paying Agent" shall mean, for so long as the Issuer acts 
as paying agent for the Notes, the Issuer in its capacity as such, or such other party from time to time appointed 
by the Issuer to act as paying agent for the Notes. 
The Final Terms for the Dematerialised Notes (or the relevant provisions thereof) are set out in Part A of the Final 
Terms expressed to apply to the Dematerialised Notes, which complete these Terms and Conditions (the 
"Conditions"). References to the "applicable Final Terms" are, unless otherwise stated, to Part A of the Final 
Terms (or the relevant provisions thereof) applicable to the Dematerialised Notes. 
The holders for the time being of the Dematerialised Notes shall hereafter be referred to as the "Noteholders", 
which expression shall, in relation to any Dematerialised Notes, be construed as provided below and are to the 
beneficial owners of Notes issued in dematerialised form and evidenced in book entry form with Monte Titoli 
S.p.A. pursuant to the relevant provisions of the Financial Services Act and in accordance with CONSOB and 
Bank of Italy Jointed Regulation. No physical document of title will be issued in respect of Notes. 
As used herein, "Tranche" means Dematerialised Notes which are identical in all respects (including as to listing 
and admission to trading) and "Series" means a Tranche of Dematerialised Notes together with any further 
Tranche or Tranches of Dematerialised Notes which are (a) expressed to be consolidated and form a single series 
and (b) identical in all respects (including as to listing and admission to trading) except for their respective Issue 
Dates (as set out in the relevant Final Terms), Interest Commencement Dates and/or Issue Prices. 
Payment of principal and interest in respect of the Dematerialised Notes will be credited, according to the 
instructions of Monte Titoli, by the Paying Agent to the accounts of the Monte Titoli Account Holders (as defined 
below) whose accounts with Monte Titoli are credited with those Dematerialised Notes and thereafter credited by 
such Monte Titoli Account Holders to the accounts of the beneficial owners of those Dematerialised Notes or 
through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg to the accounts with Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
of the beneficial owners of those Dematerialised Notes, in accordance with the rules and procedures of Monte 
Titoli, Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be. 
In these Terms and Conditions, the expression "Monte Titoli Account Holder" means any authorised financial 
intermediary institution entitled to hold accounts on behalf of their customers with Monte Titoli and includes any 
depository banks appointed by Euroclear, as operator of the Euroclear System, and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
In these Conditions, euro means the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic and 
monetary union pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, as amended. 
1. 
FORM, DENOMINATION AND TITLE 
The Notes will be in held in dematerialised form in the Specified Denomination(s) on behalf of the 
beneficial owners by Monte Titoli for the account of the relevant Monte Titoli Account Holders as of 
their respective date of issue. Monte Titoli shall act as depository for Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg.

--- Page 181 ---
Terms and Conditions for the Dematerialised Notes 
10261197493-v5 
- 170 - 
47-41058517 
 
The Notes will at all times be evidenced by, and title to the Notes will be established or transferred by 
way of, book-entries pursuant to the relevant provisions of the Financial Services Act and in accordance 
with the CONSOB and Bank of Italy Jointed Regulation. No physical document of title will be issued in 
respect of the Notes.  
2. 
STATUS OF SENIOR NOTES 
This Condition 2 (Status of Senior Notes) is applicable only to Senior Notes. The Senior Notes constitute 
direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the Issuer and rank and will rank pari 
passu, without any preference among themselves. The payment obligations of the Issuer under the Senior 
Notes shall, save for such obligations as may be preferred by provisions of law that are both mandatory 
and of general application, at all times rank at least equally with its other present and future unsecured 
and unsubordinated obligations (other than obligations ranking, in accordance with their terms and/or by 
provision of law, junior to the Senior Notes from time to time (including Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
and any further obligations permitted by law to rank junior to the Senior Notes following the Issue Date)) 
if any. 
Each holder of a Senior Note unconditionally and irrevocably waives any right of set-off, counterclaim, 
abatement and netting or other similar remedy which it might otherwise have under the laws of any 
jurisdiction in respect of such Senior Note. 
For the avoidance of doubt, there is no negative pledge provision in these Conditions. 
2.A 
STATUS OF SENIOR NON-PREFERRED NOTES 
This Condition 2.A (Status of Senior Non-Preferred Notes) is applicable only to Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes. Senior Non-Preferred Notes (notes intending to qualify as strumenti di debito chirografario di 
secondo livello of the Issuer, as defined under, and for the purposes of, Article 12-bis and Article 91, 
section 1-bis, letter c-bis of the Consolidated Banking Law, and any relevant implementing regulation 
which may be enacted for such purposes by any Relevant Authority) constitute direct, unconditional, 
unsecured and non-preferred obligations of the Issuer, ranking: 
(i) 
junior to Senior Notes and any other unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer 
which rank, or are expressed to rank by their terms and/or by provision of law, senior to the 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes, including claims arising from the excluded liabilities within the 
meaning of Article 72a(2) of the CRR, and 
(ii) 
pari passu without any preferences among themselves, and with all other present or future 
obligations of the Issuer which do not rank or are not expressed by their terms to rank junior or 
senior to the relevant Senior Non-Preferred Notes, and  
(iii) 
in priority to any subordinated instruments and to the claims of shareholders of the Issuer, 
pursuant to Article 91, section 1-bis, letter c-bis of the Consolidated Banking Law, as amended 
from time to time, and any relevant implementing regulation which may be enacted for such 
purposes by any Relevant Authority.  
Each holder of a Senior Non-Preferred Note unconditionally and irrevocably waives any right of set-off, 
counterclaim, abatement or other similar remedy which it might otherwise have under the laws of any 
jurisdiction in respect of such Senior Non-Preferred Note. 
For the avoidance of doubt, there is no negative pledge provision in these Conditions. 
3. 
STATUS OF SUBORDINATED NOTES 
This Condition 3 (Status of Subordinated Notes) is applicable only to Subordinated Notes. Subordinated 
Notes constitute direct, unsecured and subordinated obligations of the Issuer and, subject to the 
provisions of this Condition 3 (Status of Subordinated Notes), will at all times rank pari passu without 
any preference among themselves. In relation to each Series of Subordinated Notes, all Subordinated 
Notes of such Series will be treated equally and all amounts paid by the Issuer in respect of principal and 
interest thereon will be paid pro rata on all Subordinated Notes of such Series. 
Subject to the following paragraph, in the event of the winding up, dissolution, liquidation or bankruptcy 
(including, inter alia, Liquidazione Coatta Amministrativa of the Issuer), the payment obligations of the 
Issuer under each Series of Subordinated Notes will rank in right of payment:

--- Page 182 ---
Terms and Conditions for the Dematerialised Notes 
10261197493-v5 
- 171 - 
47-41058517 
 
(i) 
after unsubordinated unsecured creditors (including depositors and any holder of Senior Notes 
and Senior Non-Preferred Notes) of the Issuer and all other creditors of the Issuer holding 
instruments that are less subordinated than the Subordinated Notes (including any subordinated 
instruments that have ceased to qualify, in their entirety, as own fund items (elementi di fondi 
propri)) but  
(ii) 
at least pari passu with all other subordinated obligations of the Issuer which do not rank or are 
not expressed by their terms to rank junior or senior to such Series of Subordinated Notes and  
(iii) 
in priority to the claims of shareholders of the Issuer and to the claims of creditors of the Issuer 
holding instruments that are more subordinated than the Subordinated Notes (including 
Additional Tier 1 Capital). 
In the event the Subordinated Notes of any Series do not qualify or cease to qualify, in their entirety, as 
own funds, such Subordinated Notes shall rank subordinated and junior to unsubordinated unsecured 
creditors (including depositors and holders of Senior Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes) of the Issuer, 
pari passu among themselves and with the Issuer's obligations in respect of any other subordinated 
instruments which have ceased to qualify, in their entirety, as own funds items (elementi di fondi propri) 
and with all other present and future subordinated obligations of the Issuer which do not rank or are not 
expressed by their terms and/or by mandatory and/or overriding provisions of law to rank junior or senior 
to the relevant Subordinated Notes (which have so ceased to qualify, in their entirety, as own funds in 
the form of Tier 2 Capital) and senior to own fund items (elementi di fondi propri). 
Each holder of a Subordinated Note unconditionally and irrevocably waives any right of set off, 
counterclaim, abatement or other similar remedy which it might otherwise have, under the laws of any 
jurisdiction, in respect of such Subordinated Note. 
For the avoidance of doubt, there is no negative pledge provision in these Conditions. 
4. 
STATUS OF ADDITIONAL TIER 1 NOTES 
This Condition 4 (Status of Additional Tier 1 Notes) is applicable only to Additional Tier 1 Notes. Subject 
to the following paragraphs, the Additional Tier 1 Notes will constitute direct, unsecured and 
subordinated obligations of the Issuer, intended to qualify for regulatory purposes as Additional Tier 1 
Capital of the Issuer and the Group in accordance with Article 52 of the CRR and Part II, Chapter 1 of 
Prudential Regulations for Banks and ranking, for so long as the relevant Series of Subordinated Notes 
qualify, in whole or in part, as Additional Tier 1 Capital: 
(i) 
subordinated and junior to all present or future indebtedness of the Issuer, including 
unsubordinated indebtedness of the Issuer (which, for the avoidance of doubt, includes any 
senior non-preferred instruments of the Issuer or guarantee in respect of any such instruments), 
the Issuer's obligations in respect of any dated subordinated instruments, any subordinated 
instruments that have ceased to qualify, in their entirety, as own fund items (elementi di fondi 
propri), any instruments issued as Tier 2 Capital or eligible liabilities (under CRR or any other 
relevant regulation) of the Issuer or guarantee in respect of any such instruments (other than any 
instrument or contractual right ranking, or expressed to rank, pari passu with the Additional 
Tier 1 Notes); 
(ii) 
pari passu among themselves and with the Issuer's present or future obligations in respect of 
any Additional Tier 1 Capital instruments or any other instruments or obligations which rank or 
are expressed to rank pari passu with the Additional Tier 1 Notes or, in each case, any guarantee 
in respect of such instruments; and 
(iii) 
senior to: 
(A) 
the share capital of the Issuer, including, if any, its azioni privilegiate, ordinary shares 
and azioni di risparmio; 
(B) 
(i) any present or future securities of the Issuer (including strumenti finanziari issued 
under Article 2346, paragraph 6 of the Italian Civil Code); and (ii) any securities issued 
by a Subsidiary which have the benefit of a guarantee or similar instrument from the 
Issuer,

--- Page 183 ---
Terms and Conditions for the Dematerialised Notes 
10261197493-v5 
- 172 - 
47-41058517 
 
which securities (in the case of paragraph (B)(i) above) or guarantee or similar instrument (in 
the case of paragraph (B)(ii) above) rank or are expressed to rank pari passu with the claims 
described under paragraph (A) above and/or otherwise junior to the Additional Tier 1 Notes. 
In the event the Additional Tier 1 Notes are fully excluded from the Issuer's Additional Tier 1 Capital 
and for so long as they qualify as, in whole or in part, as Tier 2 Capital, such Additional Tier 1 Notes 
shall rank (i) after unsubordinated unsecured creditors (including depositors and any holder of Senior 
Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes) of the Issuer and all other creditors of the Issuer holding instruments 
that are less subordinated than the relevant Additional Tier 1 Notes which have so ceased to qualify, in 
their entirety, as own funds in the form of Additional Tier 1 Capital (including any subordinated 
instruments that have ceased to qualify, in their entirety, as own fund items (elementi di fondi propri)), 
(ii) at least pari passu with all other subordinated obligations of the Issuer which do not rank or are not 
expressed by their terms to rank junior or senior to such Series of Additional Tier 1 Notes (which have 
so ceased to qualify, in their entirety, as own funds in the form of Additional Tier 1 Capital) and (iii) in 
priority to the claims of shareholders of the Issuer and to the claims of creditors of the Issuer holding 
instruments that are more subordinated than the relevant Additional Tier 1 Notes (which have so ceased 
to qualify, in their entirety, as own funds in the form of Additional Tier 1 Capital), including Additional 
Tier 1 Capital. 
In the event the Additional Tier 1 Notes of any Series do not qualify or cease to qualify, in their entirety, 
as own funds, such Additional Tier 1 Notes shall rank subordinated and junior to unsubordinated 
unsecured creditors (including depositors and holders of Senior Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes) 
of the Issuer, pari passu among themselves and with the Issuer's obligations in respect of any other 
subordinated instruments which have ceased to qualify, in their entirety, as own funds items (elementi di 
fondi propri) and with all other present and future subordinated obligations of the Issuer which do not 
rank or are not expressed by their terms and/or by mandatory and/or overriding provisions of law to rank 
junior or senior to the relevant Additional Tier 1 Notes (which have so ceased to qualify, in their entirety, 
as own funds in the form of Additional Tier 1 Capital) and senior to own fund items (elementi di fondi 
propri). 
No security or guarantee of whatever kind is, or shall at any time be, provided by the Issuer or any other 
person securing rights of the Noteholders. In the event of the voluntary or involuntary winding up, 
dissolution, liquidation or bankruptcy (including, inter alia, Liquidazione Coatta Amministrativa) of the 
Issuer that occurs after the date on which a Contingency Event occurs but before the Write-Down 
Effective Date, the rights and claims (if any) of the Noteholders in respect of their Additional Tier 1 
Notes shall be limited to such amount, if any, as would have been payable to Noteholders on a return of 
assets in such voluntary or involuntary winding up, dissolution, liquidation or bankruptcy (including, 
inter alia, Liquidazione Coatta Amministrativa) of the Issuer if the Write-Down Effective Date had 
occurred immediately before the occurrence of such liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Issuer. 
Each holder of an Additional Tier 1 Note unconditionally and irrevocably waives any right of set-off, 
netting, counterclaim, abatement or other similar remedy which it might otherwise have under the laws 
of any jurisdiction in respect of such Additional Tier 1 Note. 
It is the intention of the Issuer that the Additional Tier 1 Notes shall, for regulatory purposes, be treated 
as Additional Tier 1 Capital, but the obligations of the Issuer and the rights of the Noteholders shall not 
be affected if the Notes no longer qualify as Additional Tier 1 Capital. 
The Additional Tier 1 Notes (including, for the avoidance of doubt, payments of principal and/or interest) 
shall be subject to the Loss Absorption Requirement, if so required under the BRRD and/or (as applicable) 
the SRM Regulation, in accordance with the powers of the Relevant Authority and where the Relevant 
Authority determines that the application of the Loss Absorption Requirement to the Additional Tier 1 
Notes is necessary pursuant to applicable law and/or regulation in force from time to time. 
For the avoidance of doubt, there is no negative pledge provision in these Conditions. 
5. 
DEFINITIONS  
For the purposes of these Conditions: 
"Accrual Yield" has the meaning given in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Additional Business Centre(s)" means the city or cities specified as such in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 184 ---
Terms and Conditions for the Dematerialised Notes 
10261197493-v5 
- 173 - 
47-41058517 
 
"Additional Financial Centre(s)" means the city or cities specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Additional Tier 1 Capital" has the meaning given to such term (or any other equivalent or successor 
term) in the Applicable Banking Regulations. 
"Additional Tier 1 Notes" means Notes specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, being Notes 
intended to qualify as Additional Tier 1 capital of the Issuer or the Group in accordance with Article 52 
of the CRR and Part II, Chapter 1 of Prudential Regulations for Banks. 
"Applicable Banking Regulations" means at any time the laws, regulations, requirements, guidelines 
and policies relating to capital adequacy then in effect in the Republic of Italy including, without 
limitation to the generality of the foregoing, the BRRD, the BRRD Implementing Decrees, the CRD IV, 
the Prudential Regulations for Banks of the Bank of Italy, the Banking Reform Package, the SRM 
Regulation and those other regulations, requirements, guidelines and policies relating to capital adequacy 
then in effect of the Relevant Authority or of the European Banking Authority or of the institutions of 
the European Union and/or the Republic of Italy (whether or not such requirements, guidelines or policies 
have the force of law and whether or not they are applied generally or specifically to the Issuer or the 
Group). 
"Authorised Signatory" means any person who (i) is a Director or the Secretary of the Issuer or (ii) is 
duly authorised to sign documents and to do other acts and things on behalf of the Issuer. 
"Bank of Italy" means the Bank of Italy and/or any competent authority which at a future date carries 
out the functions which the Bank of Italy performs as at the Issue Date. 
"Banking Reform Package" means (i) Regulation (EU) 2019/876 of the European Parliament and of 
the Council of 20 May 2019 amending Regulation (EU) No. 575/2013 as regards the leverage ratio, the 
net stable funding ratio, requirements for Own Funds and eligible liabilities, counterparty credit risk, 
market risk, exposure to central counterparties, exposures to collective investment undertakings, large 
exposures, reporting and disclosure requirements, and Regulation (EU) No. 648/2012, (ii) Regulation 
(EU) 2019/877 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 amending Regulation 
(EU) No. 806/2014 as regards the loss-absorbing and recapitalization capacity of credit institutions and 
investment firms, (iii) Directive (EU) 2019/878 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 
May 2019 amending Directive 2013/36/EU as regards exempted entities, financial holding companies, 
mixed financial holding companies, remuneration, supervisory measures and powers and capital 
conservation measures, and (iv) Directive (EU) 2019/879 of the European Parliament and of the Council 
of 20 May 2019 amending Directive 2014/59/EU as regards the loss-absorbing and recapitalization 
capacity of credit institutions and investment firms and Directive 98/26/EC. 
"Broken Amount" has the meaning given in the applicable Final Terms. 
"BRRD" means Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council providing for the 
establishment of an EU-wide framework for the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and 
investment firms, as amended, supplemented or replaced from time to time (including, without limitation, 
as a consequence of the entry into force of the Banking Reform Package). 
"BRRD Implementing Decrees" means the Legislative Decrees No. 180 and 181 of 16 November 2015, 
implementing the BRRD in the Republic of Italy, as amended or replaced from time to time (including, 
without limitation, as a consequence of the transposition of the Banking Reform Package into Italian 
law). 
"Business Day" means: 
(i) 
in relation to any sum payable in euro, a TARGET Settlement Day and a day on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments generally in each (if any) 
Additional Business Centre; and 
(ii) 
in relation to any sum payable in a currency other than euro, a day on which commercial banks 
and foreign exchange markets settle payments generally in the Principal Financial Centre of the 
relevant currency and in each (if any) Additional Business Centre. 
"Business Day Convention", in relation to any particular date, has the meaning given in the applicable 
Final Terms and, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, may have different meanings in relation 
to different dates and, in this context, the following expressions shall have the following meanings:

--- Page 185 ---
Terms and Conditions for the Dematerialised Notes 
10261197493-v5 
- 174 - 
47-41058517 
 
(i) 
"Following Business Day Convention" means that the relevant date shall be postponed to the 
first following day that is a Business Day; 
(ii) 
"Modified Following Business Day Convention" or "Modified Business Day Convention" 
means that the relevant date shall be postponed to the first following day that is a Business Day 
unless that day falls in the next calendar month in which case that date will be the first preceding 
day that is a Business Day; 
(iii) 
"Preceding Business Day Convention" means that the relevant date shall be brought forward 
to the first preceding day that is a Business Day; 
(iv) 
"FRN Convention", "Floating Rate Convention" or "Eurodollar Convention" means that 
each relevant date shall be the date which numerically corresponds to the preceding such date 
in the calendar month which is the number of months specified in the applicable Final Terms as 
the Specified Period after the calendar month in which the preceding such date occurred 
provided, however, that: 
(a) 
if there is no such numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which any 
such date should occur, then such date will be the last day which is a Business Day in 
that calendar month; 
(b) 
if any such date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, then such 
date will be the first following day which is a Business Day unless that day falls in the 
next calendar month, in which case it will be the first preceding day which is a Business 
Day; and 
(c) 
if the preceding such date occurred on the last day in a calendar month which was a 
Business Day, then all subsequent such dates will be the last day which is a Business 
Day in the calendar month which is the specified number of months after the calendar 
month in which the preceding such date occurred; and 
(v) 
"No Adjustment" means that the relevant date shall not be adjusted in accordance with any 
Business Day Convention. 
"Calculation Agent" means the Paying Agent or such other Person specified in the applicable Final 
Terms as the party responsible for calculating the Rate(s) of Interest, Reset Rate and Interest Amount(s). 
"Calculation Amount" has the meaning given to it in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Capital Event" is deemed to have occurred if there is a change in the regulatory classification of the 
Additional Tier 1 Notes under the Applicable Banking Regulations that would be likely to result in their 
exclusion, in whole or in part, from Additional Tier 1 Capital of the Group or the Issuer (other than as a 
consequence of a write-down or conversion, where applicable) and, in the event of any redemption upon 
the occurrence of a Capital Event prior to the fifth anniversary of the Issue Date, if and to the extent then 
required by the Applicable Banking Regulations, both of the following conditions are met: (i) the 
Relevant Authority considers such a change to be sufficiently certain and (ii) the Issuer demonstrates to 
the satisfaction of the Relevant Authority that the change in regulatory classification of the Additional 
Tier 1 Notes was not reasonably foreseeable as at the Issue Date. 
"CMS Rate" means the applicable swap rate for swap transactions in the Reference Currency with a 
maturity of the Designated Maturity, expressed as a percentage, which appears on the Relevant Screen 
Page as at the Relevant Time on the Interest Determination Date in question, all as determined by the 
Calculation Agent and subject to Condition 9.10 (Benchmark Replacement). 
"CMS Reference Banks" means (i) where the Reference Currency is Euro, the principal office of five 
major banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market, (ii) where the Reference Currency is Sterling, the 
principal London office of five major banks in the London inter-bank market, (iii) where the Reference 
Currency is U.S. dollars, the principal New York City office of five major banks in the New York City 
inter-bank market, or (iv) in the case of any other Reference Currency, the principal Relevant Financial 
Centre office of five major banks in the Relevant Financial Centre inter-bank market, in each case 
selected by the Issuer. 
"Common Equity Tier 1 Capital" has, at any time, the meaning given to such term (or any other 
equivalent or successor term) in the Applicable Banking Regulations.

--- Page 186 ---
Terms and Conditions for the Dematerialised Notes 
10261197493-v5 
- 175 - 
47-41058517 
 
"Common Equity Tier 1 Capital Ratio" means, at any time, the ratio of the Common Equity Tier 1 
Capital of the Issuer or the Group, as the case may be, divided by the Risk Weighted Assets of the Issuer 
or the Group (as applicable) at such time, calculated by the Issuer or the Relevant Authority in accordance 
with the Applicable Banking Regulations. 
"CONSOB and Bank of Italy Jointed Regulation" means the joint regulation issued by Consob and 
the Bank of Italy dated 13 August 2018, as amended, supplemented or replaced from time to time. 
"Consolidated Banking Law" means Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993, as amended or 
supplemented from time to time (including, without limitation, as a consequence of the transposition of 
the Banking Reform Package into Italian law). 
"Consolidated Net Banking Income" means, in respect of any Relevant Period, the consolidated net 
banking income of the Group for that Relevant Period. 
"Consolidated Profit Before Tax" means, in respect of any Relevant Period, the consolidated profit 
before tax from continuing operations of the Group for that Relevant Period. 
"Consolidated Total Assets" means, in respect of any Relevant Period, the consolidated total assets of 
the Group as at the end date of that Relevant Period. 
"Contingency Event" has the meaning given to such term in Condition 13.2 (Loss absorption). 
"CRD IV" means the CRD IV Directive, the CRR and any CRD IV Implementing Measures. 
"CRD IV Directive" means Directive 2013/36 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 
2013 on access to the activity of credit institutions and the prudential supervision of credit institutions 
and investment firms, amending Directive 2002/87/EC and repealing Directives 2006/48/EC and 
2006/49/EC, as amended, supplemented or replaced from time to time, including any successor 
regulations (including, without limitation, as a consequence of the entry into force of the Banking Reform 
Package). 
"CRD IV Implementing Measures" means any regulatory capital rules implementing the CRD IV 
Directive or the CRR which may from time to time be introduced, including, but not limited to, delegated 
or implementing acts (regulatory technical standards) adopted by the European Commission, national 
laws and regulations, and regulations and guidelines issued by the Bank of Italy, the European Banking 
Authority or any other relevant authority, which are applicable to the Issuer (on a standalone basis) or, if 
applicable, the Issuer together with its consolidated Subsidiaries (on a consolidated basis) and which 
prescribe the requirements to be fulfilled by financial instruments for inclusion in the regulatory capital 
of the Issuer (on a standalone or, if applicable, consolidated basis). 
"CRR" means Regulation No. 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 2013 
on prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment firms amending Regulation No. 
648/2012, as amended, supplemented or replaced from time to time, including any successor regulations 
(including, without limitation, as a consequence of the entry into force of the Banking Reform Package). 
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount for any period of time (the 
"Calculation Period"), such day count fraction as may be specified in these Conditions or the applicable 
Final Terms and: 
(i) 
if "Actual/Actual" or "Actual/Actual (ISDA)" is specified, the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period in respect of which payment is being made divided by 365 (or, if any portion 
of that Calculation Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (i) the actual number of days in that 
portion of the Calculation Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (ii) the actual number 
of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(ii) 
if "Actual/Actual (ICMA)" is so specified, means: 
(a) 
where the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Regular Period during 
which it falls, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by the 
product of (1) the actual number of days in such Regular Period and (2) the number of 
Regular Periods in any year; and 
(b) 
where the Calculation Period is longer than one Regular Period, the sum of:

--- Page 187 ---
Terms and Conditions for the Dematerialised Notes 
10261197493-v5 
- 176 - 
47-41058517 
 
(A) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the Regular 
Period in which it begins divided by the product of (1) the actual number of 
days in such Regular Period and (2) the number of Regular Periods in any 
year; and 
(B) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next 
Regular Period divided by the product of (1) the actual number of days in 
such Regular Period and (2) the number of Regular Periods in any year; 
(iii) 
If "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is specified, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period in 
respect of which payment is being made divided by 365; 
(iv) 
If "Actual/360" is specified, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period in respect of 
which payment is being made divided by 360; 
(v) 
If "30/360", "360/360" or "Bond Basis" is specified, the number of days in the Calculation 
Period in respect of which payment is being made divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis 
as follows: 
Day Count Fraction =
[360x(Y2 −Y1)] + [30x(M2 −M1)] + (D2 −D1)
360
 
Where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in which 
case D2 will be 30; and 
(vi) 
If "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is specified, the number of days in the Calculation Period 
in respect of which payment is being made divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as 
follows: 
Day Count Fraction =
[360x(Y2 −Y1)] + [30x(M2 −M1)] + (D2 −D1)
360
 
Where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and

--- Page 188 ---
Terms and Conditions for the Dematerialised Notes 
10261197493-v5 
- 177 - 
47-41058517 
 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30; and 
(vii) 
If "30E/360 (ISDA)" is specified, the number of days in the Calculation Period in respect of 
which payment is being made divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction =
[360x(Y2 −Y1)] + [30x(M2 −M1)] + (D2 −D1)
360
 
Where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless (i) that 
day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; 
and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the Termination 
Date or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30, 
provided, however, that in each such case the number of days in the Calculation Period is 
calculated from and including the first day of the Calculation Period to but excluding the last 
day of the Calculation Period. 
"Designated Maturity" has the meaning given in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Early Redemption Amount (Regulatory Event)" means in respect of any Note, its principal amount 
or such other amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with, the applicable Final 
Terms. 
"Early Redemption Amount (Tax)" means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or such other 
amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with, the applicable Final Terms. 
"Early Termination Amount" means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or such other amount 
as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with, these Conditions or the applicable Final Terms. 
"Equal Loss Absorbing Instrument" means at any time, any instrument (irrespective of whether such 
instrument is included in the Tier 1 Capital or Tier 2 Capital of the Issuer or the Group and irrespective 
of whether such instrument ranks or is expressed to rank senior to, pari passu with, or junior to the 
Additional Tier 1 Notes) issued directly or indirectly by the Issuer (other than the Additional Tier 1 Notes) 
which contains provisions relating to a write-down (or write-off) (whether on a permanent or temporary 
basis) or conversion into Ordinary Shares of the principal amount of such instrument (in each case in 
accordance with its conditions or otherwise) on the occurrence, or as a result, of the Common Equity 
Tier 1 Capital Ratio of the Issuer and/or the Group falling below a level that is equal to 5.125%, in respect 
of which the conditions (if any) to the operation of such provisions are (or with the giving of any 
certificate or notice which is capable of being given by the Issuer, would be) satisfied. 
"EURIBOR" means, in respect of any specified currency and any specified period, the interest rate 
benchmark known as the Euro zone interbank offered rate which is calculated and published by a 
designated distributor (currently Thomson Reuters) in accordance with the requirements from time to 
time of the European Money Markets Institute (or any other person which takes over the administration 
of that rate) based on estimated interbank borrowing rates for a number of designated currencies and 
maturities which are provided, in respect of each such currency, by a panel of contributor banks (details 
of historic EURIBOR rates can be obtained from the designated distributor).

--- Page 189 ---
Terms and Conditions for the Dematerialised Notes 
10261197493-v5 
- 178 - 
47-41058517 
 
"Euro" or "euro" or "€" means the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of the European 
economic and monetary union, and as defined in Article 2 of Council Regulation (EC) No. 974/98 of 3 
May 1998 on the introduction of the euro, as amended. 
"Event of Default" has the meaning given to that term in Condition 18 (Events of Default). 
"Extraordinary Resolution" has the meaning given to that term in the provisions for meetings of 
noteholders attached to these Conditions as Annex 1. 
"Final Redemption Amount" means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount. 
"Fixed Coupon Amount" has the meaning given in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Full Loss Absorbing Instruments" has the meaning given to such term in Condition 13.2 (Loss 
absorption). 
"Group" means the Issuer and its Subsidiaries from time to time (if any). 
"Indebtedness" means any present or future indebtedness (whether principal, premium, interest or other 
amounts) for money borrowed or raised including (without limitation) any indebtedness for or in respect 
of: 
(i) 
amounts raised by acceptance under any acceptance credit facility; 
(ii) 
amounts raised under any note purchase facility; 
(iii) 
the amount of any liability in respect of leases or hire purchase contracts which would, in 
accordance with applicable law and generally accepted accounting principles, be treated as 
finance or capital leases; 
(iv) 
the amount of any liability in respect of any purchase price for assets or services the payment 
of which is deferred for a period in excess of 60 days; and 
(v) 
amounts raised under any other transaction (including, without limitation, any forward sale or 
purchase agreement) having the commercial effect of a borrowing. 
"Initial Principal Amount" means, in respect of an Additional Tier 1 Note, or as the case may be, a 
Written-Down Additional Tier 1 Instrument, the principal amount of such Additional Tier 1 Note or 
Written-Down Additional Tier 1 Instrument, as at the Issue Date or the issue date of the Written-Down 
Additional Tier 1 Instrument, as applicable. 
"Initial Rate of Interest" has the meaning given in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Interest Amount" means, in relation to a Note and an Interest Period, the amount of interest payable in 
respect of that Note for that Interest Period. 
"Interest Basis" has the meaning given in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Interest Commencement Date" means the Issue Date of the Notes or such other date as may be 
specified as the Interest Commencement Date in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Interest Determination Date" has the meaning given in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Interest Payment Date" means the date or dates specified as such in, or determined in accordance with 
the provisions of, the applicable Final Terms and, if a Business Day Convention is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms: 
(i) 
as the same may be adjusted in accordance with the relevant Business Day Convention; or 
(ii) 
if the Business Day Convention is the FRN Convention, Floating Rate Convention or Eurodollar 
Convention and an interval of a number of calendar months is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms as being the Specified Period, each of such dates as may occur in accordance with the 
FRN Convention, Floating Rate Convention or Eurodollar Convention at such Specified Period 
of calendar months following the Interest Commencement Date (in the case of the first Interest 
Payment Date) or the previous Interest Payment Date (in any other case).

--- Page 190 ---
Terms and Conditions for the Dematerialised Notes 
10261197493-v5 
- 179 - 
47-41058517 
 
"Interest Period" means each period from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date or any 
Interest Payment Date to (but excluding) the next Interest Payment Date. 
"Intermediate Holding Company" means a Subsidiary of the Issuer which itself has one or more 
Subsidiaries. 
"ISDA Definitions" means the 2000 ISDA Definitions (as amended and updated as at the date of issue 
of the first Tranche of the Notes of the relevant Series (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) as 
published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc.) or, if so specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, the 2006 ISDA Definitions (as amended and updated as at the date of issue of 
the first Tranche of the Notes of the relevant Series (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) as 
published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc.) or the 2021 ISDA Interest Rate 
Derivatives Definitions (as amended and updated as at the date of issue of the first Tranche of the Notes 
of the relevant Series (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) as published by the International Swaps 
and Derivatives Association, Inc.). 
"Issue Date" has the meaning given in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Issue Price" has the meaning given in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Italian Civil Code" means the Italian civil code, enacted by Royal Decree No. 262 of 16 March 1942, 
as subsequently amended and supplemented. 
"Liquidazione Coatta Amministrativa" means Liquidazione Coatta Amministrativa as described in 
Articles 80 to 94 of the Consolidated Banking Law. 
"Loss Absorbing Instrument" means an Equal Loss Absorbing Instrument and/or a Prior Loss 
Absorbing Instrument, as applicable. 
"Loss Absorption Event Notice" means a notice which specifies that a Contingency Event has occurred, 
the Write-Down Amount (as a percentage of the Initial Principal Amount resulting in a pro rata decrease 
in the Prevailing Principal Amount of each Additional Tier 1 Note), including the method of calculation 
of the Write-Down Amount, and the Write-Down Effective Date. 
"Loss Absorption Requirement" means the power of the Relevant Authority to require that Own Funds 
instruments or other liabilities of the Issuer or entities of the Group (as the case may be) are subject to 
full or partial write-down of the principal or conversion into instruments treated as Common Equity Tier 
1 Capital or other instruments of ownership. 
"Margin" has the meaning given in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Material Subsidiary" means, at any time, any Subsidiary of the Issuer which accounts for 15 per cent. 
or more of the Consolidated Net Banking Income, Consolidated Profit Before Tax or Consolidated Total 
Assets and, for these purposes: 
(i) 
the Consolidated Net Banking Income, Consolidated Profit Before Tax or Consolidated Total 
Assets will be determined by reference to the then latest audited consolidated annual financial 
statements of the Group (the "Relevant Consolidated Financial Statements"); 
(ii) 
the net banking income or operating income, profit from continuing operations before tax and 
total assets of each Subsidiary (the "Relevant Line Items") will be determined by reference to 
the annual financial statements (whether or not audited) of such Subsidiary and those of its own 
Subsidiaries (if any), in each case upon which the Relevant Consolidated Financial Statements 
have been based, 
provided that: (A) if a Person has become a Subsidiary of the Issuer after the date on which the Relevant 
Consolidated Financial Statements have been prepared, the Relevant Line Items of that Subsidiary will 
be determined by reference to its latest annual financial statements (whether or not audited) and will be 
consolidated if that Subsidiary itself has Subsidiaries; (B) the Relevant Consolidated Financial 
Statements and the corresponding financial statements of each relevant Subsidiary will be adjusted 
(where appropriate) to reflect fairly the Consolidated Net Banking Income, Consolidated Total Assets or 
Consolidated Profit Before Tax and/or the Relevant Line Items of, or represented by, any Person, 
business or assets subsequently acquired or disposed of; and (C) where an Intermediate Holding 
Company has one or more Subsidiaries at least one of which, under this definition, is a Material 
Subsidiary, then such Intermediate Holding Company will be deemed to be a Material Subsidiary.

--- Page 191 ---
Terms and Conditions for the Dematerialised Notes 
10261197493-v5 
- 180 - 
47-41058517 
 
"Maturity Date" has the meaning given in the applicable Final Terms.  
"Maturity Period" means the period from and including the Issue Date to but excluding the Maturity 
Date. 
"Maximum Distributable Amount" means any applicable maximum distributable amount relating to 
the Issuer and/or the Group, as the case may be, required to be calculated in accordance with the CRD 
IV Directive and/or any other Applicable Banking Regulation(s) (or any provision of Italian law 
transposing or implementing the CRD IV Directive and/or, if relevant, any other Applicable Banking 
Regulation(s)) if the Issuer and/or the Group is failing to meet any applicable requirements or any buffers 
relating to such requirements including, without limitation, the maximum distributable amount (MDA) 
required to be calculated in accordance with Article 141 of the CRD IV Directive, the maximum 
distributable amount related to the minimum requirement for Own Funds and eligible liabilities (M-MDA) 
required to be calculated in accordance with Article 16a of the BRRD, if a corresponding payment 
restriction provision is applicable to the Issuer or the Group (as the case may be) at that point in time.  
"Maximum Redemption Amount" has the meaning given in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Maximum Write-Up Amount" means: 
(a) 
if the Relevant Net Banking Income for the relevant Write-Up is equal to the Consolidated Net 
Banking Income, the Consolidated Net Banking Income multiplied by the sum of the aggregate 
Initial Principal Amount of the Additional Tier 1 Notes and the aggregate initial principal 
amount of all Written-Down Additional Tier 1 Instruments of the Group, and divided by the 
total Tier 1 Capital of the Group as at the date of the relevant Write-Up; or 
(b) 
if the Relevant Net Banking Income for the relevant Write-Up is equal to the Net Banking 
Income, the Net Banking Income multiplied by the sum of the aggregate Initial Principal 
Amount of the Additional Tier 1 Notes and the aggregate initial principal amount of all Written-
Down Additional Tier 1 Instruments of the Issuer, and divided by the total Tier 1 Capital of the 
Issuer as at the date of the relevant Write-Up. 
"Mid Swap Benchmark Rate" means EURIBOR if the Specified Currency is euro or the rate indicated 
in the applicable Final Terms if the Specified Currency is not Euro. 
"Mid Swap Maturity" has the meaning specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Mid Swap Rate" means for any Reset Period the arithmetic mean of the bid and offered rates for the 
fixed leg payable with a frequency equivalent to the frequency with which scheduled interest payments 
are payable on the Notes during the relevant Reset Period (calculated on the day count basis customary 
for fixed rate payments in the Specified Currency as determined by the Calculation Agent) of a fixed-
for-floating interest rate swap transaction in the Specified Currency which transaction (a) has a term 
equal to the relevant Reset Period commencing on the relevant Reset Date; (b) is in an amount that is 
representative for a single transaction in the relevant market at the relevant time with an acknowledged 
dealer of good credit in the swap market; and (c) has a floating leg based on the Mid Swap Benchmark 
Rate for the Mid Swap Maturity as specified in the Final Terms (calculated on the day count basis 
customary for floating rate payments in the Specified Currency as determined by the Calculation Agent). 
"Minimum Redemption Amount" has the meaning given in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Monte Titoli Account Holder" means any authorised financial intermediary institution entitled to hold 
accounts on behalf of their customers with Monte Titoli and includes any depository banks appointed by 
Euroclear, as operator of the Euroclear System, and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
"MREL Disqualification Event" means that, by reason of the introduction of or a change in MREL 
Requirements, which was not reasonably foreseeable by the Issuer at the Issue Date of the Senior Notes 
or Senior Non-Preferred Notes, all or part of the aggregate outstanding nominal amount of such Series 
of Senior Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes are or will be excluded fully or partially from the eligible 
liabilities available to meet the MREL Requirements. For the avoidance of doubt: (a) the exclusion of a 
Series of Senior Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes from the MREL Requirements due to the 
remaining maturity of such Senior Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes being less than any period 
prescribed thereunder, does not constitute a MREL Disqualification Event; and (b) the exclusion of all 
or some of a Series of Senior Notes from the MREL Requirements due to there being insufficient

--- Page 192 ---
Terms and Conditions for the Dematerialised Notes 
10261197493-v5 
- 181 - 
47-41058517 
 
headroom for such Senior Notes within a prescribed exception to the otherwise applicable general 
requirements for eligible liabilities does not constitute an MREL Disqualification Event. 
"MREL Requirements" means the laws, regulations, requirements, guidelines, rules, standards and 
policies relating to minimum requirements for Own Funds and eligible liabilities and/or loss-absorbing 
capacity instruments applicable to the Issuer and/or the Group, from time to time (including any 
applicable transitional provisions), including, without limitation to the generality of the foregoing, any 
delegated or implementing acts (such as regulatory technical standards) adopted by the European 
Commission and any regulations, requirements, guidelines, rules, standards and policies relating to 
minimum requirements for Own Funds and eligible liabilities and/or loss absorbing capacity instruments 
adopted by the Republic of Italy or the Relevant Authority or a Relevant Resolution Authority from time 
to time (whether or not such requirements, guidelines or policies are applied generally or specifically to 
the Issuer and/or the Group), as any of the preceding laws, regulations, requirements, guidelines, rules, 
standards, policies or interpretations may be amended, supplemented, superseded or replaced from time 
to time. 
"Net Banking Income" means, in respect of any Relevant Period, the non-consolidated net banking 
income of the Issuer for that Relevant Period. 
"Optional Redemption Amount (Call)" means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or such 
other amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with, the applicable Final Terms. 
"Optional Redemption Amount (Put)" means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or such 
other amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with, the applicable Final Terms. 
"Optional Redemption Date(s) (Call)" has the meaning given in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Optional Redemption Date(s) (Put)" has the meaning given in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Ordinary Shares" means the ordinary shares of the Issuer. 
"Own Funds" has the meaning given to such term (or any equivalent or successor term) in the Applicable 
Banking Regulations. 
"Participating Member State" means a Member State of the European Union which adopts the Euro as 
its lawful currency in accordance with the Treaty. 
"Payment Business Day" means: 
(i) 
if the currency of payment is euro, any day which is a TARGET Settlement Day and a day on 
which dealings in foreign currencies may be carried on in each (if any) Additional Financial 
Centre; or 
(ii) 
if the currency of payment is not euro, any day which is a day on which dealings in foreign 
currencies may be carried on in the Principal Financial Centre of the currency of payment and 
in each (if any) Additional Financial Centre. 
"Person" means any individual, company, corporation, firm, partnership, joint venture, association, 
organisation, state or agency of a state or other entity, whether or not having separate legal personality. 
"Prevailing Principal Amount" means, in respect of an Additional Tier 1 Note on any date, the Initial 
Principal Amount of such Additional Tier 1 Note as reduced from time to time (on one or more occasions) 
pursuant to a Write-Down and/or reinstated from time to time (on one or more occasions) pursuant to a 
Write-Up in each case on or prior to such date. 
"Principal Financial Centre" means, in relation to any currency, the principal financial centre for that 
currency provided, however, that: 
(i) 
in relation to Euro, it means the principal financial centre of such Member State of the European 
Union as is selected (in the case of a payment) by the payee or (in the case of a calculation) by 
the Calculation Agent; and 
(ii) 
in relation to Australian dollars, it means either Sydney or Melbourne and, in relation to New 
Zealand dollars, it means either Wellington or Auckland; in each case as is selected (in the case 
of a payment) by the payee or (in the case of a calculation) by the Calculation Agent.

--- Page 193 ---
Terms and Conditions for the Dematerialised Notes 
10261197493-v5 
- 182 - 
47-41058517 
 
"Prior Loss Absorbing Instrument" means, at any time, any instrument (irrespective of whether such 
instrument is included in the Tier 1 Capital or Tier 2 Capital of the Issuer or the Group and irrespective 
of whether such instrument ranks or is expressed to rank senior to, pari passu with, or junior to the Notes) 
issued directly or indirectly by the Issuer which contains provisions relating to a write-down (or write-
off) (whether on a permanent or temporary basis) or conversion into Ordinary Shares of the principal 
amount of such instrument (in each case in accordance with its conditions or otherwise) on the occurrence, 
or as a result, of the Common Equity Tier 1 Capital Ratio of the Issuer and/or the Group falling below a 
level that is higher than 5.125%, in respect of which the conditions (if any) to the operation of such 
provisions are (or with the giving of any certificate or notice which is capable of being given by the 
Issuer, would be) satisfied. 
"Provisions for Meetings of Noteholders" means the provisions for meetings of noteholders attached 
to these Conditions as Annex 1. 
"Prudential Regulations for Banks" means the Bank of Italy's Disposizioni di Vigilanza per le Banche, 
as set out in Bank of Italy Circular No. 285 of 17 December 2013, as amended or supplemented from 
time to time, including any successor regulations. 
"Put Option Notice" means a notice which must be delivered to a Paying Agent by any Noteholder 
wanting to exercise a right to redeem a Note at the option of the Noteholder. 
"Put Option Receipt" means a receipt issued by a Paying Agent to a depositing Noteholder upon deposit 
of a Note with such Paying Agent by any Noteholder wanting to exercise a right to redeem a Note at the 
option of the Noteholder. 
"Rate of Interest" means the rate or rates (expressed as a percentage per annum) of interest payable in 
respect of the Notes specified in the applicable Final Terms or calculated or determined in accordance 
with the provisions of these Conditions and/or the applicable Final Terms. 
"Redemption Amount" means, as appropriate, the Final Redemption Amount, the Early Redemption 
Amount (Tax), the Early Redemption Amount (Regulatory Event), the Optional Redemption Amount 
(Call), the Optional Redemption Amount (Put), the Early Termination Amount. 
"Reference Banks" has the meaning given in the applicable Final Terms or, if none, four (or if the 
Principal Financial Centre is Helsinki, five) major banks selected by the Issuer in the market that is most 
closely connected with the Reference Rate or Mid Swap Rate. 
"Reference Bond" means for any Reset Period a government security or securities issued by the state 
responsible for issuing the Specified Currency (which, if the Specified Currency is Euro, shall be 
Germany) selected by the Issuer on the advice of an investment bank of international repute as having 
an actual or interpolated maturity comparable with the relevant Reset Period that would be utilised, at 
the time of selection and in accordance with customary financial practice, in pricing new issues of 
corporate debt securities denominated in the same currency as the Notes and of a comparable maturity 
to the relevant Reset Period. 
"Reference Currency" has the meaning given in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Reference Price" has the meaning given in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Reference Rate" means EURIBOR, CMS Rate, SONIA, SONIA COMPOUNDED Index or €STR as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms in respect of the currency and period specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
"Regular Period" means: 
(i) 
in the case of Notes where interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular payments, 
each period from and including the Interest Commencement Date to but excluding the first 
Interest Payment Date and each successive period from and including one Interest Payment Date 
to but excluding the next Interest Payment Date; 
(ii) 
in the case of Notes where, apart from the first Interest Period, interest is scheduled to be paid 
only by means of regular payments, each period from and including a Regular Date falling in 
any year to but excluding the next Regular Date, where "Regular Date" means the day and 
month (but not the year) on which any Interest Payment Date falls; and

--- Page 194 ---
Terms and Conditions for the Dematerialised Notes 
10261197493-v5 
- 183 - 
47-41058517 
 
(iii) 
in the case of Notes where, apart from one Interest Period other than the first Interest Period, 
interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular payments, each period from and 
including a Regular Date falling in any year to but excluding the next Regular Date, where 
"Regular Date" means the day and month (but not the year) on which any Interest Payment Date 
falls other than the Interest Payment Date falling at the end of the irregular Interest Period. 
"Regulatory Event" is deemed to have occurred if there is a change in the regulatory classification of 
the Subordinated Notes after the Issue Date that would be likely to result in their exclusion, in whole or 
in part, from Tier 2 Capital of the Issuer (save where the exclusion from Tier 2 Capital of the Issuer is 
solely (A) a result of any applicable limitation on the amount of such capital, or (B) in accordance with 
any requirement that recognition of such Series of Subordinated Notes as part of the Tier 2 Capital of the 
Issuer be amortised in the five years prior to maturity of such Notes, in either (A) or (B) in accordance 
with Applicable Banking Regulations in force as at the date on which agreement is reached to issue the 
first Tranche of such Series of Subordinated Notes) and, in case the Regulatory Event has occurred before 
five years from the issue of the relevant Subordinated Notes, both of the following conditions are met: 
(i) the Relevant Authority considers such a change to be sufficiently certain and (ii) the Issuer 
demonstrates to the satisfaction of the Relevant Authority that the change in regulatory classification of 
the Notes was not reasonably foreseeable as at the Issue Date. 
"Relevant Authority" means the Bank of Italy or such other authority (including the European Central 
Bank) having primary responsibility for prudential oversight and supervision of the Issuer and/or the 
Group from time to time and/or, as the context may require, the "resolution authority" or the "competent 
authority" as defined under BRRD and/or SRM Regulation. 
"Relevant Date" means, in relation to any payment, whichever is the later of (A) the date on which such 
payment first becomes due and (B) if the full amount payable has not been received in the Principal 
Financial Centre of the currency of payment by the Paying Agent on or prior to such due date, the date 
on which, the full amount having been so received, notice to that effect shall have been given to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 19 (Notices). 
"Relevant Financial Centre" has the meaning given in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Relevant Indebtedness" means any Indebtedness which is in the form of or represented by, any note, 
bond, debenture, debenture stock, loan stock, certificate or other security or instrument which is, or is 
capable of being, traded, quoted, listed or dealt in on any stock exchange, over-the-counter or other 
securities market. 
"Relevant Jurisdiction" means the Republic of Italy or any political subdivision or any authority thereof 
or therein having power to tax or any other jurisdiction or any political subdivision or any authority 
thereof or therein having power to tax to which the Issuer becomes subject in respect of payments made 
by it of principal and interest on the Notes. 
"Relevant Net Banking Income" means the lower of the Net Banking Income and the Consolidated Net 
Banking Income. 
"Relevant Period" means a twelve-month period ending on 31 December in each year. 
"Relevant Resolution Authority" means the Italian resolution authority, the Single Resolution Board 
(SRB) established pursuant to the SRM Regulation and/or any other authority entitled to exercise or 
participate in the exercise of any Resolution Power or Bail-in Power from time to time. 
"Relevant Screen Page" means the page, section or other part of a particular information service 
(including, without limitation, the Reuters Money 3000 Service) specified as the Relevant Screen Page 
in the applicable Final Terms, or such other page, section or other part as may replace it on that 
information service or such other information service, in each case, as may be nominated by the Person 
providing or sponsoring the information appearing there for the purpose of displaying rates or prices 
comparable to the Reference Rate. 
"Relevant Swap Rate" means: 
(i) 
where the Reference Currency is Euro, the mid-market annual swap rate determined on the basis 
of the arithmetic mean of the bid and offered rates for the annual fixed leg, calculated on a 
30/360 day count basis, of a fixed for floating euro interest rate swap transaction with a term 
equal to the Designated Maturity commencing on the first day of the relevant Interest Period

--- Page 195 ---
Terms and Conditions for the Dematerialised Notes 
10261197493-v5 
- 184 - 
47-41058517 
 
and in a Representative Amount with an acknowledged dealer of good credit in the swap market, 
where the floating leg, in each case calculated on an Actual/360 day count basis, is equivalent 
to EUR EURIBOR Reuters (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) with a designated maturity 
determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to standard market practice and/or the ISDA 
Definitions; 
(ii) 
where the Reference Currency is any other currency or if the Final Terms specify otherwise, the 
mid-market swap rate as determined in accordance with the applicable Final Terms. 
"Relevant Time" has the meaning given in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Representative Amount" means an amount that is representative for a single transaction in the relevant 
market at the relevant time. 
"Reserved Matter" has the meaning given to it in the Provisions for Meetings of Noteholders and 
includes any proposal to change any date fixed for payment of principal or interest in respect of the Notes, 
to reduce the amount of principal or interest payable on any date in respect of the Notes, to alter the 
method of calculating the amount of any payment in respect of the Notes or the date for any such payment, 
to change the currency of any payment under the Notes or to change the quorum requirements relating 
to meetings or the majority required to pass an Extraordinary Resolution. 
"Reset Date(s)" means the date(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Reset Determination Date" means, for each Reset Period, the date as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms falling on or before the commencement of such Reset Period on which the rate of interest applying 
during such Reset Period will be determined. 
"Reset Margin" means the margin specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Reset Period" means the period from (and including) the first Reset Date to (but excluding) the Maturity 
Date if there is only one Reset Period or, if there is more than one Reset Period, each period from (and 
including) one Reset Date (or the first Reset Date) to (but excluding) the next Reset Date up to (but 
excluding) the Maturity Date. 
"Reset Rate" for any Reset Period means the sum of (i) the applicable Reset Reference Rate and (ii) the 
applicable Reset Margin (rounded down to four decimal places, with 0.00005 being rounded down) (with 
such sum converted (if necessary) from a basis equivalent to the duration of the Reset Reference Rate to 
a basis equivalent to the frequency with which scheduled interest payments are payable on the Notes 
during the relevant Reset Period (such calculation to be made by the Calculation Agent)). 
"Reset Rate Screen Page" has the meaning specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Reset Rate Time" has the meaning specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Reset Reference Rate" means either: 
(i) 
if "Mid Swaps" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Mid Swap Rate displayed on the 
Reset Rate Screen Page at or around the Reset Rate Time on the relevant Reset Determination 
Date for such Reset Period; or 
(ii) 
if "Reference Bond" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the annual yield to maturity or 
interpolated yield to maturity (on the relevant day count basis) of the relevant Reference Bond, 
assuming a price for such Reference Bond (expressed as a percentage of its nominal amount) 
equal to the relevant Reference Bond Price. 
"Risk Weighted Assets" means, at any time, the aggregate amount of the risk weighted assets of the 
Issuer or the Group, as the case may be, at such time calculated by the Issuer in accordance with the 
Applicable Banking Regulations, which calculation shall be binding on Noteholders. 
"Senior Non-Preferred Notes" means Notes specified in the applicable Final Terms as Senior Non-
Preferred obligations and intended to qualify as strumenti di debito chirografario di secondo livello of 
the Issuer, as defined under, and for the purposes of, Article 12-bis and Article 91, section 1-bis, letter c-
bis of the Consolidated Banking Law, as amended from time to time, and any relevant implementing 
regulation which may be enacted for such purposes by any Relevant Authority.

--- Page 196 ---
Terms and Conditions for the Dematerialised Notes 
10261197493-v5 
- 185 - 
47-41058517 
 
"Senior Note" means a Note specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Senior Notes (and, for the 
avoidance of doubt, excludes Senior Non-Preferred Notes). 
"Specified Currency" has the meaning given in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Specified Denomination(s)" has the meaning given in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Specified Office" means Via Terraglio 63, 30174 Mestre (VE), Italy or such other address of the 
relevant Paying Agent notified by the Issuer to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 19 
(Notices). 
"Specified Period" has the meaning given in the applicable Final Terms. 
"SRM" means the Single Resolution Mechanism established pursuant to Regulation (EU) No. 806/2014 
of the European Parliament and of the Council, as amended, supplemented or replaced from time to time. 
"SRM Regulation" means Regulation (EU) No. 806/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council 
of 15 July 2014 establishing uniform rules and a uniform procedure for the resolution of credit institutions 
and certain investment firms in the framework of a Single Resolution Mechanism and a Single Resolution 
Fund and amending Regulation (EU) No 1093/2010, as amended or replaced from time to time (including 
by SRM II Regulation); 
"SRM II Regulation" means Regulation (EU) No. 2019/877 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 20 May 2019 amending Regulation (EU) No. 806/2014 as regards the loss absorbing and 
recapitalisation capacity of credit institutions and investment firms; 
"Subordinated Notes" means Notes specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, being Notes 
intended to qualify as Tier 2 Capital for regulatory capital purposes, in accordance with Part II, Chapter 
1 of the Prudential Regulations for Banks and Article 63 of the CRR. 
"Subsidiary" means, in respect of the Issuer at any particular time, any società controllata, as defined 
in Article 2359 of the Italian Civil Code. 
"TARGET Settlement Day" means any day on which the T2 is open for the settlement of payments in 
euro. 
"T2" means the real time gross settlement system operated by the Eurosystem, or any successor system. 
"Tier 1 Capital" has the meaning given to it by (i) the Relevant Authority from time to time or (ii) any 
regulation, directive or other binding rules, standards or decisions adopted by the institutions of the 
European Union from time to time, as applicable; 
"Tier 2 Capital" has the meaning given to it by (i) the Relevant Authority from time to time or (ii) any 
regulation, directive or other binding rules, standards or decisions adopted by the institutions of the 
European Union from time to time, as applicable. 
"Treaty" means the Treaty establishing the European Union, as amended. 
"Write-Down Amount" means the amount by which the then Prevailing Principal Amount of each 
outstanding Additional Tier 1 Note is to be Written Down with effect as of the Write-Down Effective 
Date on a pro rata basis pursuant to a Write-Down, being: 
(i) 
the amount that (together with (a) the concurrent Write-Down of the other Additional Tier 1 
Notes and (b) the concurrent or substantially concurrent write-down (or write-off) or conversion 
to the extent possible of any Loss Absorbing Instruments) would be sufficient to cure the 
Contingency Event(s); or 
(ii) 
if that Write-Down (together with (a) the concurrent Write-Down of the other Additional Tier 
1 Notes and (b) the concurrent or substantially concurrent write-down (or write-off) or 
conversion of any Loss Absorbing Instruments) would be insufficient to cure the Contingency 
Event(s), or the Contingency Event(s) is not capable of being cured, the amount necessary to 
reduce the Prevailing Principal Amount to the sub-unit of the Specified Currency. 
"Write-Down Effective Date" means the date on which the Write-Down will take effect.

--- Page 197 ---
Terms and Conditions for the Dematerialised Notes 
10261197493-v5 
- 186 - 
47-41058517 
 
"Written-Down Additional Tier 1 Instrument" means an instrument (other than the Additional Tier 1 
Notes) issued directly or indirectly by the Issuer and qualifying as Additional Tier 1 Capital of the Issuer 
or, as applicable, the Group that, as at the time immediately prior to the relevant Write-Up, has a 
Prevailing Principal Amount lower than the Initial Principal Amount due to a write-down and that has 
terms permitting a principal write-up to occur on a basis similar to that set out in Condition 13.4 
(Reinstatement of principal amount) in the circumstances existing on the date of the relevant Write-Up. 
"Zero Coupon Note" means a Note specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Save as the context otherwise provides, any reference in these Conditions to a provision of law, decree 
or regulation is a reference to that provision as amended or re-enacted. 
6. 
INTEREST 
The applicable Final Terms will indicate whether the Notes are Fixed Rate Notes, Reset Rate Notes, 
Floating Rate Notes, CMS Linked Interest Notes or Zero Coupon Note. 
7. 
FIXED RATE NOTE PROVISIONS 
7.1 
Application 
This Condition 7 (Fixed Rate Note Provisions) is applicable to the Notes only if (a) the Fixed Rate Note 
Provisions are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable or (b) if a Change of Interest 
Basis is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable, in respect of those Interest Periods 
for which the Fixed Rate Note Provisions are stated to apply. 
7.2 
Interest Accrual 
The Notes bear interest from the Interest Commencement Date at the Rate of Interest (in respect of the 
relevant Interest Period) payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date, subject as provided in 
Condition 14 (Payments). Each Note will cease to bear interest from the due date for final redemption 
unless payment of the Redemption Amount is improperly withheld or refused or unless default is 
otherwise made in respect of payment. In such events, it will continue to bear interest in accordance with 
this Condition 7 (Fixed Rate Note Provisions) (both before and after judgment) until whichever is the 
earlier of: 
(i) 
the day on which all amounts due in respect of such Note up to that day are received by or on 
behalf of the relevant Noteholder; and 
(ii) 
the day falling seven calendar days after the Paying Agent has notified the Noteholders of 
receipt of all sums due in respect of all Notes up to that seventh calendar day (except to the 
extent that there is any subsequent default in payment in accordance with these Conditions) in 
accordance with Condition 19 (Notices). 
7.3 
Fixed Coupon Amount 
The amount of interest payable in respect of each Note for any Interest Period shall be the relevant Fixed 
Coupon Amount and, if the Notes are in more than one Specified Denomination, shall be the relevant 
Fixed Coupon Amount in respect of the relevant Specified Denomination. 
7.4 
Calculation of Interest Amount 
The amount of interest payable in respect of each Note for any period for which a Fixed Coupon Amount 
is not specified shall be calculated by applying the Rate of Interest to the Calculation Amount, 
multiplying the product by the relevant Day Count Fraction and rounding the resulting figure to the 
nearest sub-unit of the Specified Currency (half a sub-unit being rounded upwards). For this purpose a 
"sub-unit" means, in the case of any currency other than Euro, the lowest amount of such currency that 
is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, in the case of Euro, means one cent. 
Where the Specified Denomination of a Fixed Rate Note comprises more than one Calculation Amount, 
the Amount of interest payable in respect of such Fixed Rate Note shall be the aggregate of the amounts 
(determined in the manner provided above) for each Calculation Amount comprising the Specified 
Denomination without any further rounding.

--- Page 198 ---
Terms and Conditions for the Dematerialised Notes 
10261197493-v5 
- 187 - 
47-41058517 
 
8. 
RESET RATE NOTE PROVISIONS 
8.1 
Application 
This Condition 8 (Reset Rate Note Provisions) is applicable to the Notes only if the applicable Final 
Terms specifies the Interest Basis reset on Reset Date as being applicable. 
8.2 
Interest Basis Reset Provisions 
The Notes will bear interest in respect of the Reset Period (or, if there is more than one Reset Period, 
each successive Reset Period thereafter) at the relevant Reset Rate (to be determined by the Calculation 
Agent on the relevant Reset Determination Date in accordance with this Condition 8) payable, subject as 
provided in Condition 14 (Payments), in arrears on the Interest Payment Date(s) specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
8.3 
Interest Accrual 
The Notes bear interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date to (but excluding) the 
Reset Date (or, if there is more than one Reset Period, the first Reset Date occurring after the Issue Date), 
at the Initial Rate of Interest payable, subject as provided in Condition 9 (Payments), in arrears on the 
Interest Payment Date specified in the applicable Final Terms. Each Note will cease to bear interest from 
the due date for final redemption unless, upon due presentation, payment of the Redemption Amount is 
improperly withheld or refused or unless default is otherwise made in respect of payment. In such events, 
it will continue to bear interest in accordance with this Condition 8 (both before and after judgment) until 
whichever is the earlier of: 
(i) 
the day on which all amounts due in respect of such Note up to that day are received by or on 
behalf of the relevant Noteholder; and 
(ii) 
the day falling seven calendar days after the Paying Agent has notified the Noteholders of 
receipt of all sums due in respect of all Notes up to that seventh calendar day (except to the 
extent that there is any subsequent default in payment in accordance with these Conditions) in 
accordance with Condition 19 (Notices). 
8.4 
Reset Rate Screen Page 
Subject to Condition 9.10 (Benchmark Replacement), if the Reset Rate Screen Page is not available, the 
Issuer shall request each of the Reference Banks to provide the Calculation Agent with its offered 
quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reset Reference Rate at approximately the 
Reset Rate Time on the Reset Determination Date in question. If two or more of the Reference Banks 
provide the Calculation Agent with offered quotations, the Reset Rate for the relevant Reset Period shall 
be the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded 
upwards) of the offered quotations plus or minus (as appropriate) the applicable Reset Margin (if any), 
all as determined by the Calculation Agent. If on any Reset Determination Date only one or none of the 
Reference Banks provides the Calculation Agent with an offered quotation as provided in the foregoing 
provisions of this Condition 8 (Reset Rate Note Provisions), the Reset Rate shall be determined as at the 
last preceding Reset Determination Date or, in the case of the first Reset Determination Date, the Reset 
Rate shall be the Initial Rate of Interest. 
8.5 
Calculation of Interest Amount 
The Calculation Agent will calculate the Interest Amount payable on the Reset Rate Notes for each 
relevant period (in the case of Interest Periods falling after the Reset Date, as soon as practicable after 
the time at which the Reset Reference Rate is to be determined in relation to such Reset Interest Period) 
by applying the Initial Rate of Interest or the applicable Reset Rate (as the case may be) to the Calculation 
Amount and multiplying the product by the relevant Day Count Fraction and rounding the resulting 
figure to the nearest sub-unit of the Specified Currency (half a sub-unit being rounded upwards). For this 
purpose a "sub-unit" means, in the case of any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such 
currency that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, in the case of euro, means 
one cent. Where the Specified Denomination of a Note comprises more than one Calculation Amount, 
the Interest Amount payable in respect of such Note shall be aggregate of the amounts (determined in 
the manner provided above) for each Calculation Amount comprising the Specified Denomination 
without any further rounding.

--- Page 199 ---
Terms and Conditions for the Dematerialised Notes 
10261197493-v5 
- 188 - 
47-41058517 
 
8.6 
Publication 
The Calculation Agent will cause each Reset Rate and each Interest Amount determined by it for each 
Reset Period, together with the relevant Interest Payment Date, and any other amount(s) required to be 
determined by it together with any relevant payment date(s) to be notified to the Issuer, Paying Agent, 
Monte Titoli and each competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system (if any) by which 
the Notes have then been admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation as soon as practicable after such 
determination but (in the case of each Reset Rate, Interest Amount and Interest Payment Date) in any 
event not later than the first day of the relevant Interest Period. Notice thereof shall also promptly be 
given to the Noteholders. The Calculation Agent will be entitled to recalculate any Interest Amount (on 
the basis of the foregoing provisions) in the event of an extension or shortening of the relevant Interest 
Period. If the Calculation Amount is less than the minimum Specified Denomination the Calculation 
Agent shall not be obliged to publish each Interest Amount but instead may publish only the Calculation 
Amount and the Interest Amount in respect of a Note having the minimum Specified Denomination. 
8.7 
Notifications 
All notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, calculations, quotations and decisions given, 
expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of this Condition 8 (Reset Rate Note Provisions) by the 
Calculation Agent will (in the absence of manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the Paying Agent, 
Monte Titoli and the Noteholders and (subject as aforesaid) no liability to any such Person will attach to 
the Calculation Agent in connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and 
discretions for such purposes. 
9. 
FLOATING RATE AND CMS LINKED INTEREST NOTE PROVISIONS 
9.1 
Application 
This Condition 9 (Floating Rate and CMS Linked Interest Note Provisions) is applicable to the Notes 
only if (a) the Floating Rate Note Provisions or CMS Linked Interest Note Provisions are specified in 
the applicable Final Terms as being applicable or (b) if a Change of Interest Basis is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms as being applicable, in respect of those periods for which the Floating Rate Note 
Provisions or the CMS Linked Interest Note Provisions are stated to apply. 
9.2 
Interest Accrual 
The Notes bear interest from the Interest Commencement Date at the Rate of Interest payable in arrears 
on each Interest Payment Date, subject as provided in Condition 14 (Payments). Each Note will cease to 
bear interest from the due date for final redemption unless payment of the Redemption Amount is 
improperly withheld or refused or unless default is otherwise made in respect of payment. In such events, 
it will continue to bear interest in accordance with this Condition 9 (Floating Rate and CMS Linked 
Interest Note Provisions) (both before and after judgment) until whichever is the earlier of: 
(i) 
the day on which all amounts due in respect of such Note up to that day are received by or on 
behalf of the relevant Noteholder; and 
(ii) 
the day falling seven calendar days after the Paying Agent has notified the Noteholders of 
receipt of all sums due in respect of all Notes up to that seventh calendar day (except to the 
extent that there is any subsequent default in payment in accordance with these Conditions) in 
accordance with Condition 19 (Notices). 
9.3 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes other than CMS Linked and SONIA Linked 
Interest Notes 
If Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate(s) 
of Interest is/are to be determined and "CMS Rate" or "SONIA" is not specified as the Reference Rate 
in the applicable Final Terms, the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes for each Interest Period will be 
determined by the Calculation Agent on the following basis, subject to Condition 9.10 (Benchmark 
Replacement): 
(i) 
if the Reference Rate is a composite quotation or customarily supplied by one entity, the 
Calculation Agent will determine the Reference Rate which appears on the Relevant Screen 
Page as of the Relevant Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date;

--- Page 200 ---
Terms and Conditions for the Dematerialised Notes 
10261197493-v5 
- 189 - 
47-41058517 
 
(ii) 
in any other case, the Calculation Agent will determine the arithmetic mean of the Reference 
Rates which appear on the Relevant Screen Page as of the Relevant Time on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date; 
(iii) 
if, in the case of (i) above, such rate does not appear on that page or, in the case of (ii) above, 
fewer than two such rates appear on that page or if, in either case, the Relevant Screen Page is 
unavailable: 
(a) 
the Issuer will request the principal Relevant Financial Centre office of each of the 
Reference Banks to provide the Calculation Agent with a quotation of the Reference 
Rate at approximately the Relevant Time on the Interest Determination Date to prime 
banks in the Relevant Financial Centre interbank market in an amount that is 
representative for a single transaction in that market at that time; and 
(b) 
the Calculation Agent will determine the arithmetic mean of such quotations; and 
(iv) 
if fewer than two such quotations are provided as requested, the Calculation Agent will 
determine the arithmetic mean of the rates (being the nearest to the Reference Rate, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent) quoted by major banks in the Principal Financial Centre 
of the Specified Currency, selected by the Issuer, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (local time in the 
Principal Financial Centre of the Specified Currency) on the first day of the relevant Interest 
Period for loans in the Specified Currency to leading European banks for a period equal to the 
relevant Interest Period and in an amount that is representative for a single transaction in that 
market at that time, 
and the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be the sum of the Margin and the rate or (as the 
case may be) the arithmetic mean so determined; provided, however, that if the Calculation Agent is 
unable to determine a rate or (as the case may be) an arithmetic mean in accordance with the above 
provisions in relation to any Interest Period, the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes during such 
Interest Period will be the sum of the Margin and the rate or (as the case may be) the arithmetic mean 
last determined in relation to the Notes in respect of a preceding Interest Period. 
9.4 
 
(i) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes which are CMS Linked Interest Notes 
If Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate(s) 
of Interest is/are to be determined and "CMS Rate" is specified as the Reference Rate in the applicable 
Final Terms, the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes for each Interest Period will be determined by 
the Calculation Agent by reference to the following formula, subject to Condition 9.10 (Benchmark 
Replacement): 
CMS Rate plus Margin 
If the Relevant Screen Page is not available, the Issuer shall request each of the CMS Reference Banks 
to provide the Calculation Agent with its quotation for the Relevant Swap Rate at approximately 11.00 
a.m. (local time in the Principal Financial Centre of the Specified Currency) on the Interest Determination 
Date in question. If at least three of the CMS Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent with such 
quotation, the CMS Rate for such Interest Period shall be the arithmetic mean of such quotations, 
eliminating the highest quotation (or, in the event of equality, one of the highest) and the lowest quotation 
(or, in the event of equality, one of the lowest). 
If on any Interest Determination Date less than three or none of the CMS Reference Banks provides the 
Calculation Agent with such quotations as provided in the preceding paragraph, the CMS Rate shall be 
determined by the Calculation Agent in good faith on such commercial basis as considered appropriate 
by the Calculation Agent in its absolute discretion, in accordance with standard market practice. 
(ii) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes which are linked to SONIA  
This Condition 9.4(ii) is applicable to the Notes only if the Floating Rate Note Provisions are specified 
in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined, and the "Reference 
Rate" is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being "SONIA".

--- Page 201 ---
Terms and Conditions for the Dematerialised Notes 
10261197493-v5 
- 190 - 
47-41058517 
 
Where "SONIA" is specified as the Reference Rate in the Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for each 
Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be Compounded Daily SONIA plus or minus (as specified 
in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin, all as determined by the Calculation Agent. For the purposes of 
this paragraph 9.4(ii): 
"Compounded Daily SONIA", with respect to an Interest Period, will be calculated by the Calculation 
Agent on each Interest Determination Date in accordance with the following formula, and the resulting 
percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the fourth decimal place, with 0.00005 being rounded 
upwards: 
቎ෑ൬1 + 
𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑖𝑖 x 𝑛𝑛𝑖𝑖
D
൰
𝑑𝑑𝑜𝑜
𝑖𝑖= 1
−1቏x 
D
𝑑𝑑
 
"d" means the number of calendar days in: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, the relevant 
Interest Period; or 
(ii) where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, 
the relevant Observation Period; 
"D" is the number specified in the relevant Final Terms (or, if no such number is specified, 365); 
"do" means the number of London Banking Days in: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, the relevant 
Interest Period; or 
(ii) where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, 
the relevant Observation Period; 
"i" means a series of whole numbers from one to do, each representing the relevant London Banking Day 
in chronological order from, and including, the first London Banking Day in: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, the relevant 
Interest Period; or 
(ii) where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, 
the relevant Observation Period; 
to, and including, the last London Banking Day in such period; 
"Interest Determination Date" means, in respect of any Interest Period, the date falling "p" London 
Banking Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period (or the date falling p London 
Banking Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on which the Notes are due and payable).  
"London Banking Day" means any day on which commercial banks are open for general business 
(including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in London; 
"ni" for any London Banking Day "i", in the relevant Interest Period or Observation Period (as applicable) 
is the number of calendar days from, and including, such London Banking Day "i" up to, but excluding, 
the following London Banking Day; 
"Observation Period" means, in respect of an Interest Period, the period from, and including, the date 
falling "p" London Banking Days prior to the first day of such Interest Period (and the first Interest Period 
shall begin on and include the Interest Commencement Date) and ending on, but excluding, the date 
which is "p" London Banking Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period (or the 
date falling "p" London Banking Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on which the Notes become due 
and payable);

--- Page 202 ---
Terms and Conditions for the Dematerialised Notes 
10261197493-v5 
- 191 - 
47-41058517 
 
"p" for any Interest Period or Observation Period (as applicable), means the number of London Banking 
Days specified as the "Lag Period" or the "Observation Shift Period" (as applicable) in the relevant Final 
Terms or if no such period is specified, five London Banking Days; 
"SONIA Reference Rate" means, in respect of any London Banking Day, a reference rate equal to the 
daily Sterling Overnight Index Average ("SONIA") rate for such London Banking Day as provided by 
the administrator of SONIA to authorised distributors and as then published on the Relevant Screen Page 
(or if the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, as otherwise is published by such authorised distributors) 
on the London Banking Day immediately following such London Banking Day; and 
"SONIAi" means the SONIA Reference Rate for: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, the London 
Banking Day falling "p" London Banking Days prior to the relevant London Banking Day "i"; 
or 
(ii) where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, 
the relevant London Banking Day "i"; 
For the avoidance of doubt, the formula for the calculation of Compounded Daily SONIA only compounds 
the SONIA Reference Rate in respect of any London Banking Day. The SONIA Reference Rate applied to 
a day that is a non-London Banking Day will be taken by applying the SONIA Reference Rate for the 
previous London Banking Day but without compounding. 
If, in respect of any London Banking Day in the relevant Interest Period or Observation Period (as 
applicable), the Calculation Agent determines that the SONIA Reference Rate is not available on the 
Relevant Screen Page and has not otherwise been published by the relevant authorised distributors, such 
SONIA Reference Rate shall, subject to Condition 9.10 (Benchmark Replacement), be:  
(A) 
the sum of (a) the Bank of England's Bank Rate (the "Bank Rate") prevailing at close of business 
on the relevant London Banking Day; and (b) the mean of the spread of the SONIA Reference Rate 
to the Bank Rate over the previous five London Banking Days on which a SONIA Reference Rate 
has been published, excluding the highest spread (or, if there is more than one highest spread, one 
only of those highest spreads) and lowest spread (or, if there is more than one lowest spread, one 
only of those lowest spreads) to the Bank Rate; or 
(B) 
if the Bank Rate is not published by the Bank of England at close of business on the relevant London 
Banking Day, (a) the SONIA Reference Rate published on the Relevant Screen Page (or otherwise 
published by the relevant authorised distributors) for the first preceding London Banking Day on 
which the SONIA Reference Rate was published on the Relevant Screen Page (or otherwise 
published by the relevant authorised distributors) or (b) if this is more recent, the latest determined 
rate under (A). 
Subject to Condition 9.10 (Benchmark Replacement), if the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in 
accordance with the foregoing provisions of this Condition 9.4(ii), the Rate of Interest shall be (A) that 
determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date (though substituting, where a different 
Margin is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last preceding 
Interest Period, the Margin relating to the relevant Interest Period, in place of the Margin relating to that 
last preceding Interest Period) or (B) if there is no such preceding Interest Determination Date, the initial 
Rate of Interest which would have been applicable to the Notes for the first Interest Period had the Notes 
been in issue for a period equal in duration to the scheduled first Interest Period but ending on (and 
excluding) the Interest Commencement Date (but applying the Margin applicable to the first Interest 
Period). 
(iii) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes which are linked to €STR 
This Condition 9.4(iii) is applicable to the Notes only if the Floating Rate Note Provisions are specified 
in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined, and the "Reference 
Rate" is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being "€STR". 
Where "€STR" is specified as the Reference Rate in the Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for each Interest 
Period will, subject as provided below, be Compounded Daily €STR plus or minus (as specified in the

--- Page 203 ---
Terms and Conditions for the Dematerialised Notes 
10261197493-v5 
- 192 - 
47-41058517 
 
relevant Final Terms) the Margin, all as determined by the Calculation Agent on each Interest 
Determination Date. For the purposes of this Condition 9.4(iii): 
"Compounded Daily €STR" means, with respect to any Interest Period, the rate of return of a daily 
compound interest investment (with the daily euro short-term rate as reference rate for the calculation of 
interest) as calculated by the Calculation Agent as at the relevant Interest Determination Date in 
accordance with the following formula (and the resulting percentage will be rounded if necessary to the 
nearest fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards): 
቎ෑ൬1 + €STR𝑖𝑖 ×  𝑛𝑛𝑖𝑖
D
൰−1
𝑑𝑑𝑜𝑜
𝑖𝑖=1
቏× D
𝑑𝑑 
where: 
"d" means the number of calendar days in: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, the relevant 
Interest Period; or 
(ii) where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, 
the relevant Observation Period; 
"D" means the number specified as such in the relevant Final Terms (or, if no such number is specified, 
360); 
"do" means the number of TARGET Settlement Days in: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, the relevant 
Interest Period; or 
(ii) where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, 
the relevant Observation Period; 
the "€STR reference rate", in respect of any TARGET Settlement Day, is a reference rate equal to the 
daily euro short-term rate ("€STR") for such TARGET Settlement Day as provided by the European 
Central Bank as the administrator of €STR (or any successor administrator of such rate) on the website 
of the European Central Bank (or, if no longer published on its website, as otherwise published by it or 
provided by it to authorised distributors and as then published on the Relevant Screen Page or, if the 
Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, as otherwise published by such authorised distributors) on the 
TARGET Settlement Day immediately following such TARGET Settlement Day (in each case, at the 
time specified by, or determined in accordance with, the applicable methodology, policies or guidelines, 
of the European Central Bank or the successor administrator of such rate); 
"€STRi" means the €STR reference rate for: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, the TARGET 
Settlement Day falling "p" TARGET Settlement Days prior to the relevant TARGET Settlement 
Day "i"; or 
(ii)  where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, 
the relevant TARGET Settlement Day "i". 
"i" is a series of whole numbers from one to "do", each representing the relevant TARGET Settlement 
Day in chronological order from, and including, the first TARGET Settlement Day in: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, the relevant 
Interest Period; or 
(ii) where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, 
the relevant Observation Period;

--- Page 204 ---
Terms and Conditions for the Dematerialised Notes 
10261197493-v5 
- 193 - 
47-41058517 
 
to, and including, the last TARGET Settlement Day in such period; 
"Interest Determination Date" means, in respect of any Interest Period, the date falling "p" TARGET 
Settlement Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period (or the date falling "p" 
TARGET Settlement Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on which the Notes are due and payable); 
"ni" for any TARGET Settlement Day "i" in the relevant Interest Period or Observation Period (as 
applicable), means the number of calendar days from (and including) such TARGET Settlement Day 
"i" up to (but excluding) the following TARGET Settlement Day; 
"Observation Period" means, in respect of any Interest Period, the period from (and including) the 
date falling "p" TARGET Settlement Days prior to the first day of the relevant Interest Period (and the 
first Interest Period shall begin on and include the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the 
date falling "p" TARGET Settlement Days prior to (A) (in the case of an Interest Period) the Interest 
Payment Date for such Interest Period or (B) such earlier date, if any, on which the Notes become due 
and payable; and 
"p" for any latest Interest Period or Observation Period (as applicable), means the number of TARGET 
Settlement Days specified as the "Lag Period" or the "Observation Shift Period" (as applicable) in the 
relevant Final Terms or, if no such period is specified, five TARGET Settlement Days. 
Subject to Condition 9.10 (Benchmark Replacement), if, where any Rate of Interest is to be calculated 
pursuant to this Condition 9.4(iii), in respect of any TARGET Settlement Day in respect of which an 
applicable €STR reference rate is required to be determined, such €STR reference rate is not made 
available on the Relevant Screen Page and has not otherwise been published by the relevant authorised 
distributors, then the €STR reference rate in respect of such TARGET Settlement Day shall be the €STR 
reference rate for the first preceding TARGET Settlement Day in respect of which €STR reference rate 
was published by the European Central Bank on its website, as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
Subject to Condition 9.10 (Benchmark Replacement), if the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in 
accordance with the foregoing provisions of this Condition 9.4(iii), the Rate of Interest shall be (A) that 
determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date (though substituting, where a different 
Margin is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last preceding 
Interest Period, the Margin relating to the relevant Interest Period, in place of the Margin relating to that 
last preceding Interest Period) or (B) if there is no such preceding Interest Determination Date, the initial 
Rate of Interest which would have been applicable to the Notes for the first Interest Period had the Notes 
been in issue for a period equal in duration to the scheduled first Interest Period but ending on (and 
excluding) the Interest Commencement Date (but applying the Margin applicable to the first Interest 
Period). 
(iv) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes which are linked to SONIA 
Compounded Index 
This Condition 9.4(iv) is applicable to the Notes only if the Floating Rate Note Provisions are specified 
in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined, and "Index 
Determination" is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
Where "Index Determination" is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, the Rate of 
Interest for each Interest Period will be the compounded daily reference rate for the relevant Interest 
Period, calculated in accordance with the following formula: 
൬𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶 𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼 𝐸𝐸𝐸𝐸𝐸𝐸
𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶 𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼 𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆−1൰ X 𝑁𝑁𝑁𝑁𝑁𝑁𝑁𝑁𝑁𝑁𝑁𝑁𝑁𝑁𝑁𝑁𝑁𝑁
𝑑𝑑
 
and rounded to the Relevant Decimal Place, plus or minus the Margin (if any), all as determined and 
calculated by the Calculation Agent, where: 
"Compounded Index Start" means the SONIA Compounded Index value on the Start date; 
"d" is the number of calendar days from (and including) the day on which the Compounded Index Start 
is determined to (but excluding) the day on which the Compounded Index End is determined;

--- Page 205 ---
Terms and Conditions for the Dematerialised Notes 
10261197493-v5 
- 194 - 
47-41058517 
 
"End" means the day falling the Relevant Number of Index Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for 
such Interest Period, or such other date on which the relevant payment of interest falls due (but which by 
its definition or the operation of the relevant provisions is excluded from such Interest Period); 
"Index Days" means London Banking Days; 
"Numerator" means 365; 
"Relevant Decimal Place" shall, unless otherwise specified in the Final Terms, be the fifth decimal place, 
rounded up or down, if necessary (with 0.000005 being rounded upwards); and 
"Relevant Number" is as specified in the applicable Final Terms, but, unless otherwise specified shall 
be five. 
"SONIA Compounded Index" means the Compounded Daily SONIA rate as published at 10:00 
(London time) by the Bank of England (or a successor administrator of SONIA) on the Bank of England's 
Interactive Statistical Database or on the Relevant Screen Page (if indicated in the relevant Final Terms), 
or any successor source; 
"Start" means the day falling the Relevant Number of Index Days prior to the first day of the relevant 
Interest Period. 
If, with respect to any Interest Period, the relevant rate is not published for the SONIA Compounded 
Index either on the Start or End date, then the Calculation Agent shall calculate the rate of interest for 
that Interest Period as if Index Determination was not specified in the applicable Final Terms and as if 
Compounded Daily SONIA had been specified instead in the Final Terms, and in each case "Observation 
Shift" had been specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, and where the 
Observation Period for the purposes of that definition in Condition 9.4(ii) shall be deemed to be the same 
as the Relevant Number specified in the Final Terms and where the Relevant Screen Page will be 
determined by the Issuer. For the avoidance of doubt, if (i) a Benchmark Event has occurred, the 
provisions of Condition 9.10 (Benchmark Replacement) shall apply. 
9.5 
ISDA Determination 
If ISDA Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate(s) of 
Interest is/are to be determined, the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes for each Interest Period will 
be the sum of the Margin and the relevant ISDA Rate where "ISDA Rate" in relation to any Interest 
Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) that would be 
determined by the Calculation Agent under an interest rate swap transaction if the Calculation Agent 
were acting as Calculation Agent for that interest rate swap transaction under the terms of an agreement 
incorporating the ISDA Definitions and under which: 
(i) 
the Floating Rate Option (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms; 
(ii) 
the Designated Maturity (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is a period specified in the 
applicable Final Terms; and 
(iii) 
the relevant Reset Date (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
9.6 
Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest 
If any Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
then the Rate of Interest shall in no event be greater than the maximum or be less than the minimum so 
specified. 
9.7 
Calculation of Interest Amount 
The Calculation Agent will, as soon as practicable after the time at which the Rate of Interest is to be 
determined in relation to each Interest Period, calculate the Interest Amount payable in respect of each 
Note for such Interest Period. The Interest Amount will be calculated by applying the Rate of Interest for 
such Interest Period to the Calculation Amount during such Interest Period and multiplying the product 
by the relevant Day Count Fraction and rounding the resulting figure to the nearest sub-unit of the

--- Page 206 ---
Terms and Conditions for the Dematerialised Notes 
10261197493-v5 
- 195 - 
47-41058517 
 
Specified currency (half a sub-unit being rounded upwards). For this purpose a "sub-unit" means, in the 
case of any currency other than Euro, the lowest amount of such currency that is available as legal tender 
in the country of such currency and, in the case of Euro, means one cent. Where the Specified 
Denomination of a Floating Rate Note or CMS Linked Interest Note comprises more than one Calculation 
Amount, the Interest Amount payable in respect of such Note shall be the aggregate of the amounts 
(determined in the manner provided above) for each Calculation Amount comprising the Specified 
Denomination without any further rounding. 
9.8 
Publication 
The Calculation Agent will cause each Rate of Interest and Interest Amount determined by it, together 
with the relevant Interest Payment Date, and any other amount(s) required to be determined by it together 
with any relevant payment date(s) to be notified to the Issuer, the Paying Agent, Monte Titoli and each 
competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system (if any) by which the Notes have then been 
admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation as soon as practicable after such determination but (in the 
case of each Rate of Interest, Interest Amount and Interest Payment Date) in any event not later than the 
first day of the relevant Interest Period. Notice thereof shall also promptly be given to the Noteholders. 
The Calculation Agent will be entitled to recalculate any Interest Amount (on the basis of the foregoing 
provisions) in the event of an extension or shortening of the relevant Interest Period. If the Calculation 
Amount is less than the minimum Specified Denomination the Calculation Agent shall not be obliged to 
publish each Interest Amount but instead may publish only the Calculation Amount and the Interest 
Amount in respect of a Note having the minimum Specified Denomination. 
9.9 
Notifications 
All notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, calculations, quotations and decisions given, 
expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of this Condition 9 (Floating Rate and CMS Linked Interest 
Note Provisions) by the Calculation Agent will (in the absence of manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, 
the Paying Agent, the Noteholders and Monte Titoli and (subject as aforesaid) no liability to any such 
Person will attach to the Calculation Agent in connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its 
powers, duties and discretions for such purposes. 
9.10 
Benchmark Replacement 
Notwithstanding the provisions in Conditions 6 (Reset Rate Note Provisions) and 9 (Floating Rate Notes 
and CMS Linked Interest Note Provisions), if the Issuer in consultation with the Paying Agent (or the 
person specified in the applicable Final Terms as the party responsible for calculating the Rate of Interest 
and the Interest Amount(s)) determines that a Benchmark Event has occurred in relation to an Original 
Reference Rate when any Rate of Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) remains to be 
determined by such Original Reference Rate, then the following provisions shall apply: 
(1) 
the Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours to appoint, as soon as reasonably practicable, an 
Independent Adviser to determine (acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner) a Successor Rate (as defined below) or, alternatively, if there is no Successor Rate, an 
Alternative Benchmark Rate no later than 5 Business Days prior to the Reset Determination 
Date or Interest Determination Date (as applicable) relating to the next succeeding Reset Period 
or Interest Period (as applicable) (the "IA Determination Cut-off Date") for purposes of 
determining the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes for all future Reset Periods or Interest 
Periods (as applicable) (subject to the subsequent operation of this Condition 9.10 (Benchmark 
Replacement)); 
(2) 
if the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser, or the Independent Adviser appointed 
by it fails to determine a Successor Rate or an Alternative Benchmark Rate prior to the IA 
Determination Cut-off Date, then the Issuer (acting in good faith and a commercially reasonable 
manner) may determine a Successor Rate or, if there is no Successor Rate, an Alternative 
Benchmark Rate no later than 2 Business Days prior to the Reset Determination Date or Interest 
Determination Date (as applicable) relating to the next succeeding Reset Period or Interest 
Period (as applicable); 
(3) 
if a Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Benchmark Rate is determined in 
accordance with the preceding provisions, such Successor Rate or, failing which, Alternative 
Benchmark Rate shall be the Reference Rate or Mid-Swap Benchmark Rate (as applicable) in 
relation to the Notes for all future Reset Periods or Interest Periods (as applicable) (subject to 
the subsequent operation of this Condition 9.10 (Benchmark Replacement)); provided, however,

--- Page 207 ---
Terms and Conditions for the Dematerialised Notes 
10261197493-v5 
- 196 - 
47-41058517 
 
that if sub-paragraph (2) applies and the Issuer is unable or unwilling to determine a Successor 
Rate or an Alternative Benchmark Rate prior to the Reset Determination Date or Interest 
Determination Date (as applicable) relating to the next succeeding Reset Period or Interest 
Period (as applicable), the Rate of Interest applicable to such next succeeding Reset Period or 
Interest Period shall be equal to the Rate of Interest last determined in relation to the Notes in 
respect of a preceding Reset Period or Interest Period as applicable (which may be the Initial 
Rate of Interest) (though substituting, where a different Margin is to be applied to the relevant 
Reset Period or Interest Period from that which applied to the last preceding Reset Period or 
Interest Period, the Margin relating to the relevant Reset Period or Interest Period, in place of 
the Margin relating to that last preceding Reset Period or Interest Period); for the avoidance of 
doubt, the proviso in this sub-paragraph (3) shall apply to the relevant Interest Period or Reset 
Period (as applicable) only and any subsequent Interest Periods or Reset Periods (as applicable) 
are subject to the subsequent operation of, and to adjustment as provided in, this Condition 9.10 
(Benchmark Replacement); 
(4) 
if the Independent Adviser or the Issuer determines a Successor Rate or, failing which, an 
Alternative Benchmark Rate in accordance with the above provisions, the Independent Adviser 
or the Issuer (as the case may be) may also, following consultation with the Paying Agent (or 
the person specified in the applicable Final Terms as the party responsible for calculating the 
Rate of Interest and the Interest Amount(s)), specify changes to the Day Count Fraction, 
Relevant Screen Page, Business Day Convention, Business Days, Reset Determination Date, 
Interest Determination Date and/or the definition of Mid Swap Benchmark Rate or Reference 
Rate applicable to the Notes, and the method for determining the fallback rate in relation to the 
Notes, in order to follow market practice in relation to the Successor Rate or the Alternative 
Benchmark Rate, which changes shall apply to the Notes for all future Reset Periods or Interest 
Periods (as applicable) (subject to the subsequent operation of this Condition 9.10 (Benchmark 
Replacement)). If the Independent Adviser (in consultation with the Issuer) or the Issuer (as 
applicable), determines that an Adjustment Spread is required to be applied to the Successor 
Rate or the Alternative Benchmark Rate (as applicable) and determines the quantum of, or a 
formula or methodology for determining, such Adjustment Spread, then such Adjustment 
Spread shall be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Benchmark Rate (as applicable). 
If the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) is unable to determine the quantum of, 
or a formula or methodology for determining, such Adjustment Spread, then such Successor 
Rate or Alternative Benchmark Rate (as applicable) will apply without an Adjustment Spread. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Paying Agent shall, at the direction and expense of the Issuer, 
effect such consequential amendments to these Conditions as may be required in order to give 
effect to this Condition 9.10 (Benchmark Replacement). No Noteholder consent shall be 
required in connection with effecting the Successor Rate or Alternative Benchmark Rate (as 
applicable) or such other changes, including for the execution of any documents or other steps 
by the Paying Agent (if required); and 
(5) 
following the determination of any Successor Rate or Alternative Benchmark Rate, the Issuer 
shall promptly give notice thereof and of any changes pursuant to subparagraph (4) above to the 
Paying Agent, Monte Titoli and the Noteholders. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 9.10 (Benchmark Replacement): (i) no Successor 
Rate or Alternative Benchmark Rate (as applicable) will be adopted, and no other amendments to the 
terms of the Notes will be made pursuant to this Condition 9.10 (Benchmark Replacement), if and to the 
extent that, in the determination of the Issuer, the same could reasonably be expected to prejudice the 
qualification of the Notes as: (A) in the case of Senior Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes, satisfying 
the MREL Requirements; (B) in the case of Subordinated Notes, Tier 2 Capital for regulatory capital 
purposes of the Issuer and/or the Group; (C) in the case of Additional Tier 1 Notes, Tier 1 Capital for 
regulatory capital purposes of the Issuer and/or the Group; and/or (ii) in the case of Senior Notes and 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes only, no Successor Rate or Alternative Benchmark Rate (as applicable) will 
be adopted, and no other amendments to the terms of the Notes will be made pursuant to this Condition 
9.10 (Benchmark Replacement), if and to the extent that, in the determination of the Issuer, the same 
could reasonably be expected to result in the Relevant Authority or, if applicable, the Relevant Resolution 
Authority treating a Reset Date or an Interest Payment Date as the effective maturity of the Notes, rather 
than the relevant Maturity Date. 
For the purposes of this Condition 9.10 (Benchmark Replacement):

--- Page 208 ---
Terms and Conditions for the Dematerialised Notes 
10261197493-v5 
- 197 - 
47-41058517 
 
"Adjustment Spread" means a spread (which may be positive or negative) or formula or methodology 
for calculating a spread, which the Independent Adviser (in consultation with the Issuer) or the Issuer (as 
applicable), determines and is the spread, formula or methodology which: 
(i) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended in relation to the replacement of the 
Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body; or 
(ii) 
in the case of a Successor Rate for which no such recommendation has been made or in the case 
of an Alternative Benchmark Rate, the Independent Adviser (in consultation with the Issuer) or 
the Issuer (as applicable) determines is recognised or acknowledged as being in customary 
market usage in international debt capital markets transactions which reference the Original 
Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced by the Successor Rate or the Alternative 
Benchmark Rate (as applicable); or (if the Independent Adviser or the Issuer, as applicable, 
determines that no such spread is in customary market usage) the Independent Adviser (in 
consultation with the Issuer) or the Issuer (as applicable) determines is recognised or 
acknowledged as being the industry standard for over-the-counter derivative transactions which 
reference the Original Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced by the Successor Rate 
or the Alternative Benchmark Rate (as the case may be). 
"Alternative Benchmark Rate" means the rate that the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) 
determines has replaced the Original Reference Rate in customary market usage in the international debt 
capital markets for the purposes of determining rates of interest in respect of Eurobonds denominated in 
the Specified Currency and of a comparable duration to the relevant Interest Period or Reset Period (as 
applicable), or, if the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) determines that there is no such 
rate, such other rate as the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) determines in its discretion 
(acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) is most comparable to the Original 
Reference Rate. 
"Benchmark Event" means: 
(i) 
the Original Reference Rate ceasing to be published for a period of at least 5 Business Days or 
ceasing to exist or being subject to a material change; 
(ii) 
a public statement by the administrator of the Original Reference Rate that it will cease 
publishing the Original Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely (in circumstances where no 
successor administrator has been appointed that will continue publication of the Original 
Reference Rate), provided that a Benchmark Event will occur on the date which is the later of 
(a) the date of the public statement referenced herein and (b) the date on which the administrator 
ceases publishing the Original Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely; or 
(iii) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference Rate, that 
the Original Reference Rate has been or will be permanently or indefinitely discontinued, 
provided that a Benchmark Event will occur on the date which is the later of (a) the date of the 
public statement referenced herein and (b) the date on which the Original Reference Rate has 
been permanently or indefinitely discontinued; or 
(iv) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference Rate that the 
Original Reference Rate is no longer representative of its relevant underlying market; or 
(v) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference Rate, an 
insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator of the Original Reference Rate, a 
resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator of the Original Reference Rate or a 
court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator of the 
Original Reference Rate, which states that the administrator of the Original Reference Rate has 
ceased or will, within a specified period of time, cease to provide the Original Reference Rate 
permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of cessation, there is no successor 
administrator that will continue to provide the Original Reference Rate and further provided 
that a Benchmark Event will occur on the date which is the later of (a) the date of the public 
statement referenced herein and (b) the date on which the administrator ceases to provide the 
Original Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely; 
(vi) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference Rate as a 
consequence of which the Original Reference Rate will be prohibited from being used or that 
its use will be subject to restrictions or adverse consequences either generally, or in respect of

--- Page 209 ---
Terms and Conditions for the Dematerialised Notes 
10261197493-v5 
- 198 - 
47-41058517 
 
the Notes provided that a Benchmark Event will occur on the date which is the later of (a) the 
date of the public statement referenced herein and (b) the date on which the Original Reference 
Rate is prohibited from being used or its use is subject to restrictions or adverse consequences 
either generally, or in respect of the Notes; or 
(vii) 
it has become unlawful (including, without limitation, under the EU Benchmark Regulation 
(Regulation (EU) 2016/1011), as amended from time to time, if applicable) for any Paying 
Agent, Calculation Agent or the Issuer to calculate any payments due to be made to any 
Noteholder using the Original Reference Rate. 
"Independent Adviser" means an independent financial institution of international repute or other 
independent financial adviser experienced in the international capital markets, in each case appointed by 
the Issuer at its own expense. 
"Original Reference Rate" means:  
(i) 
the originally-specified benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) used to determine the Rate of 
Interest (or any component part thereof) on the Notes as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
or 
(ii) 
any Successor Rate or Alternative Benchmark Rate which has been determined in relation to 
such benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) pursuant to the operation of this Condition 9.10 
(Benchmark Replacement). 
"Relevant Nominating Body" means, in respect of a reference rate or mid-swap floating leg benchmark 
rate: 
(i) 
the central bank for the currency to which the reference rate or mid swap floating leg benchmark 
rate relates, or any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for 
supervising the administrator of the reference rate or mid swap floating leg benchmark rate; or 
(ii) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted at the 
request of (a) the central bank for the currency to which the reference rate or mid swap floating 
leg benchmark rate relates, (b) any central bank or other supervisory authority which is 
responsible for supervising the administrator of the reference rate or mid-swap floating leg 
benchmark rate, (c) a group of the aforementioned central banks or other supervisory authorities, 
or (d) the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof; and 
"Successor Rate" means the rate that the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) determines 
is a successor to or replacement of the Reference Rate or Mid-Swap Benchmark Rate (as applicable) 
which is formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body. 
10. 
CHANGE OF INTEREST BASIS 
If Change of Interest Basis is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the interest payable 
in respect of the Notes will be calculated in accordance with Condition 7 (Fixed Rate Note Provisions) 
or Condition 9 (Floating Rate and CMS Linked Interest Note Provisions), each applicable only for the 
relevant periods specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
If Change of Interest Basis is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, and Issuer's Switch 
Option is also specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may, on one or more 
occasions, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, at its option (any such option, a "Switch Option"), 
having given notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 19 (Notices) on or prior to the 
relevant Switch Option Expiry Date, change the Interest Basis of the Notes from Fixed Rate to Floating 
Rate or Floating Rate to Fixed Rate or as otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms with effect 
from (and including) the Switch Option Effective Date specified in the applicable Final Terms (including 
different Fixed Rates or Floating Rates in respect of Fixed Rate Notes or Floating Rate Notes respectively) 
to (but excluding) the Maturity Date (or, where more than one Switch Option Effective Date is specified 
in the applicable Final Terms, up to and excluding the next following Switch Option Effective Date), 
provided that (A) the Switch Option may be exercised only in respect of all the outstanding Notes, (B) 
upon exercise of a Switch Option, the Interest Basis change will be effective from (and including) the 
relevant Switch Option Effective Date until the Maturity Date (or, where more than one Switch Option 
Effective Date is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, up to and excluding the next 
following Switch Option Effective Date to the extent the related Switch Option is exercised), and (C)

--- Page 210 ---
Terms and Conditions for the Dematerialised Notes 
10261197493-v5 
- 199 - 
47-41058517 
 
where a Switch Option has not been exercised prior to the relevant Switch Option Expiry Date, the Issuer 
shall no longer be entitled to exercise such Switch Option and the Interest Basis shall not change. 
"Switch Option Expiry Date" and "Switch Option Effective Date" shall mean any date specified as 
such in the applicable Final Terms provided that any date specified in the applicable Final Terms as a 
Switch Option Effective Date shall be deemed as such subject to the exercise of the relevant Switch 
Option having been notified by the Issuer pursuant to this Condition and in accordance with Condition 
19 (Notices) prior to the relevant Switch Option Expiry Date. 
11. 
ZERO COUPON NOTES PROVISIONS 
11.1 
Application 
This Condition 11 (Zero Coupon Note Provisions) is applicable to the Notes only if the Zero Coupon 
Note Provisions are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable. 
11.2 
Late Payment on Zero Coupon Notes 
If the Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Zero-Coupon Note is improperly withheld or 
refused, the Redemption Amount shall thereafter be an amount equal to the sum of: 
(i) 
the Reference Price; and 
(ii) 
the product of the Accrual Yield (compounded annually) being applied to the Reference Price 
on the basis of the relevant Day Count Fraction from (and including) the Issue Date to (but 
excluding) whichever is the earlier of (a) the day on which all amounts due in respect of such 
Note up to that day are received by or on behalf of the relevant Noteholder and (b) the day 
falling seven calendar days after the Paying Agent has notified the Noteholders of receipt of all 
sums due in respect of all Notes up to that seventh calendar day (except to the extent that there 
is any subsequent default in payment in accordance with these Conditions) in accordance with 
Condition 19 (Notices). 
12. 
INTEREST 
AND 
INTEREST 
CANCELLATION 
PROVISIONS 
IN 
RESPECT 
OF 
ADDITIONAL TIER 1 NOTES 
12.1 
Application 
This Condition 12 (Interest and Interest Cancellation Provisions in respect of Additional Tier 1 Notes) 
is applicable to the Additional Tier 1 Notes only. The application of Condition 6 (Interest) to Additional 
Tier 1 Notes is subject to this Condition 12. 
12.2 
Calculation of Interest Amount 
Subject to Condition 12.5 (Cancellation of Interest Amounts) and Condition 14 (Payments), the amount 
of interest payable in respect of an Additional Tier 1 Note for any period shall be calculated by the 
Calculation Agent by: 
(a) 
applying the applicable Rate of Interest to the Prevailing Principal Amount of such Additional 
Tier 1 Note; 
(b) 
multiplying the product thereof by the Day Count Fraction; and 
(c) 
rounding the resulting figure to the nearest cent (half a cent being rounded upwards). 
12.3 
Calculation of Interest Amount in case of Write-Down 
Subject to Condition 12.5 (Cancellation of Interest Amounts), in the event that a Write-Down occurs 
during an Interest Period, any accrued and unpaid interest shall be cancelled pursuant to Condition 13.2(c) 
(Loss absorption) and the Interest Amount payable on the Interest Payment Date immediately following 
such Interest Period shall be calculated in accordance with Condition 12.2 (Calculation of Interest 
Amount), provided that the Day Count Fraction shall be determined as if such Interest Period started on, 
and included, the Write-Down Effective Date.

--- Page 211 ---
Terms and Conditions for the Dematerialised Notes 
10261197493-v5 
- 200 - 
47-41058517 
 
12.4 
Calculation of Interest Amount in case of Write-Up 
Subject to Condition 12.5 (Cancellation of Interest Amounts), in the event that a Write-Up occurs during 
an Interest Period, the Interest Amount payable on the Interest Payment Date immediately following such 
Interest Period shall be calculated as the sum (rounding the resulting figure to the nearest cent, with half 
a cent being rounded upwards) of the following: 
(a) 
the product of the applicable Rate of Interest, the Prevailing Principal Amount before such 
Write-Up, and the Day Count Fraction (determined as if the Interest Period ended on, but 
excluded, the date of such Write-Up); and 
(b) 
the product of the applicable Rate of Interest, the Prevailing Principal Amount after such Write-
Up, and the Day Count Fraction (determined as if the Interest Period started on, and included, 
the date of such Write-Up). 
12.5 
Cancellation of Interest Amounts 
The Issuer may at any time elect at its full discretion to cancel (in whole or in part) for an unlimited 
period and on a non-cumulative basis the Interest Amounts otherwise scheduled to be paid on an Interest 
Payment Date. 
Without prejudice to (i) such full discretion of the Issuer to cancel the Interest Amounts and (ii) the 
prohibition on making payments on the Additional Tier 1 Notes pursuant to any provisions of Italian law 
implementing Article 141(2) of the CRD IV, as amended or replaced and, if relevant, in any other similar 
payment restriction provision(s) under the Applicable Banking Regulations, before the Maximum 
Distributable Amount is calculated, payment of Interest Amounts on any Interest Payment Date must be 
cancelled (in whole or, as the case may be, in part) if and to the extent that such Interest Amounts: 
(a) 
when aggregated together with distributions on all other Own Funds instruments of the Issuer 
(excluding Tier 2 Capital instruments) paid or scheduled for payment in the then current 
financial year and any potential write-ups exceed the amount of Distributable Items, excluding 
any payments already accounted for in determining the Distributable Items; and/or 
(b) 
when aggregated together with other distributions of the Issuer or the Group, as applicable, of 
the kind referred to in Article 141(2) of the CRD IV and, if relevant, in any other similar 
payment restriction provision(s) under the Applicable Banking Regulations (or, if different, any 
provisions of Italian law implementing Article 141(2) of the CRD IV, as amended or replaced) 
and, if relevant, such other provision(s) and the amount of any write-up (if applicable), would, 
if paid, cause the Maximum Distributable Amount (if any) then applicable to the Issuer and/or 
the Group to be exceeded; and/or 
(c) 
are required to be cancelled (in whole or in part) by an order to the Issuer from the Relevant 
Authority. 
As set out in Condition 13.2 (Loss absorption), if a Contingency Event occurs, accrued and unpaid 
interest to (but excluding) the Write-Down Effective Date shall be cancelled. 
Notice of any cancellation of payment of a scheduled Interest Amount must be given to the Noteholders 
(in accordance with Condition 19 (Notices)) and the Paying Agent as soon as possible, but not more than 
60 calendar days, prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date. Such notice shall specify the amount of the 
relevant cancellation. Any failure by the Issuer to give such notice shall not affect the validity of the 
cancellation and shall not constitute a default for any purpose. In the absence of any notice of cancellation 
being given, the fact of non-payment (in whole or in part) of the relevant Interest Amount on the relevant 
Interest Payment Date shall be evidence of the Issuer having elected or being required to cancel such 
distributions payment in whole or in part, as applicable. 
For the avoidance of doubt (i) the cancellation of any Interest Amounts in accordance with this Condition 
12.5 (Cancellation of Interest Amounts) or Condition 13.2 (Loss absorption) shall not constitute a default 
for any purpose on the part of the Issuer and (ii) interest on the Additional Tier 1 Notes is not cumulative 
and any Interest Amounts that the Issuer elects not to pay or is prohibited from paying will not accumulate 
or compound and all rights and claims in respect of such amounts shall be fully and irrevocably forfeited 
and no payments shall be made nor shall any Noteholder be entitled to any payment or indemnity in 
respect thereof.

--- Page 212 ---
Terms and Conditions for the Dematerialised Notes 
10261197493-v5 
- 201 - 
47-41058517 
 
For the purposes of this Condition, "Distributable Items" means, subject as otherwise defined in the 
Applicable Banking Regulations from time to time, in relation to interest otherwise scheduled to be paid 
on an Interest Payment Date: 
(a) 
an amount equal to the Issuer's profits at the end of the financial year immediately preceding 
the financial year in which the relevant Interest Payment Date falls plus any profits brought 
forward and reserves available for that purpose before distributions to holders of Own Funds 
instruments (which, for the avoidance of doubt, excludes any such distributions paid or made 
on Tier 2 Capital instruments or any such distributions which have already been provided for, 
by way of deduction, in calculating the amount of Distributable Items); less 
(b) 
an amount equal to any losses brought forward, any profits which are non-distributable pursuant 
to applicable European Union or Italian law or the by-laws of the Issuer from time to time and 
any sums placed to non-distributable reserves in accordance with applicable Italian law or the 
by-laws of the Issuer from time to time, in each case with respect to the specific category of 
Own Funds instruments to which European Union or Italian law or the by-laws of the Issuer or 
statutes relate, 
those profits, losses and reserves being determined on the basis of the Issuer's non-consolidated accounts. 
Notwithstanding the above, the determination of Distributable Items shall be based on the Applicable 
Banking Regulations at the time of the determination and, accordingly, only those amounts shall be added 
or deducted that may be added or have to be deducted (as the case may be) for the purposes of determining 
the amounts distributable on Additional Tier 1 Capital under the Applicable Banking Regulations. 
12.6 
No restriction following cancellation of Interest Amounts 
In the event that the Issuer exercises its discretion not to pay interest or is prohibited from paying interest 
on any Interest Payment Date, it will not give rise to any contractual restriction on the Issuer making 
distributions or any other payments to the holders of any securities ranking pari passu with, or junior to, 
the Additional Tier 1 Notes (or, for the avoidance of doubt, Tier 2 Capital instruments).  
13. 
LOSS ABSORPTION AND REINSTATEMENT OF PRINCIPAL AMOUNT 
13.1 
Application 
This Condition 13 (Loss Absorption and Reinstatement of Principal Amount) is applicable to the 
Additional Tier 1 Notes only. The application of Condition 6 (Interest) to Additional Tier 1 Notes is 
subject to this Condition 13. 
13.2 
Loss absorption 
If, at any time, the Common Equity Tier 1 Capital Ratio of the Issuer or the Group falls below 5.125% 
("Contingency Event"), the Issuer shall: 
(a) 
immediately notify the Relevant Authority of the occurrence of the relevant Contingency Event; 
(b) 
as soon as reasonably practicable deliver a Loss Absorption Event Notice to Noteholders (in 
accordance with Condition 19 (Notices)), the Paying Agent (provided that failure or delay in 
delivering a Loss Absorption Event Notice shall not constitute a default for any purpose or in 
any way impact on the effectiveness of, or otherwise invalidate, any Write-Down); 
(c) 
cancel any accrued and unpaid interest up to (but excluding) the Write-Down Effective Date; 
and 
(d) 
without delay, and in any event within one month (or such shorter period as the Relevant 
Authority may require) from the determination that the relevant Contingency Event has 
occurred, reduce the then Prevailing Principal Amount of each Additional Tier 1 Note by the 
Write-Down Amount (such reduction being referred to as a Write-Down and Written Down 
being construed accordingly). 
Whether a Contingency Event has occurred at any time shall be determined by the Issuer, the Relevant 
Authority or any agent appointed for such purpose by the Relevant Authority.

--- Page 213 ---
Terms and Conditions for the Dematerialised Notes 
10261197493-v5 
- 202 - 
47-41058517 
 
For the avoidance of doubt, even if the cancellation of interest pursuant to Condition 13.2(c) (Loss 
absorption) would cure the relevant Contingency Event, the relevant Write-Down shall occur in any 
event and any increase in the Common Equity Tier 1 Capital Ratio as a result of such cancellation of 
interest shall be disregarded for the purpose of calculating the relevant Write-Down Amount in respect 
of such Contingency Event. 
Any Write-Down of an Additional Tier 1 Note will be effected, save as may otherwise be required by 
the Relevant Authority and subject as otherwise provided in these Conditions, pro rata with the Write-
Down of other Additional Tier 1 Notes and with the concurrent (or substantially concurrent) write-down 
(or write-off) or conversion into Ordinary Shares, as the case may be, of any Equal Loss Absorbing 
Instruments (based on the prevailing amount of the relevant Equal Loss Absorbing Instrument). To the 
extent possible, the write-down (or write-off) or conversion into Ordinary Shares of any Prior Loss 
Absorbing Instruments will be taken into account in the calculation of the Write Down Amount, and of 
the amount of write-down (or write-off) or conversion into Ordinary Shares of any Equal Loss Absorbing 
Instruments, required to cure the relevant Contingency Event. 
A Write-Down may occur on more than one occasion and the Additional Tier 1 Notes may be Written 
Down on more than one occasion. 
Any Loss Absorption Event Notice delivered to the Paying Agent must be accompanied by a certificate 
signed by the Authorised Signatories stating that the Contingency Event has occurred and setting out the 
method of calculation of the relevant Write-Down Amount. 
The Paying Agent is not responsible, nor shall it incur any liability, for monitoring or ascertaining as to 
whether any certifications required by this provision are provided, nor shall it be required to review, 
check or analyse any certifications produced nor shall it be responsible for the contents of any such 
certifications or incur any liability in the event the content of such certifications are inaccurate or 
incorrect. 
In respect of any Write-Down, to the extent the write-down (or write-off) or conversion into Ordinary 
Shares of any Loss Absorbing Instrument is not, or within one month (or such shorter period as the 
Relevant Authority may require) from the determination that the relevant Contingency Event has 
occurred will not be, effective for any reason (i) the ineffectiveness of any such write-down (or write-
off) or conversion into Ordinary Shares of any Loss Absorbing Instrument shall not prejudice the 
requirement to effect the Write-Down of the Additional Tier 1 Notes pursuant to this Condition 13.2 
(Loss absorption); and (ii) such write-down (or write-off) or conversion into Ordinary Shares shall not 
be taken into account in calculating the Write-Down Amount in respect of such Write-Down. For the 
avoidance of doubt, the write-down (or write-off) or conversion into Ordinary Shares of any Loss 
Absorbing Instrument will only be taken into account in the calculation of the Write-Down Amount to 
the extent (and in the amount, if any) that such Loss Absorbing Instrument can actually be written-down 
(or written-off) or converted into Ordinary Shares in the relevant circumstances within one month (or 
such shorter period as the Relevant Authority may require) from the determination that the relevant 
Contingency Event has occurred. 
If, in connection with a Write-Down or the calculation of a Write-Down Amount, there are outstanding 
any Loss Absorbing Instruments the terms of which provide that they shall be written-down (or written-
off) or converted into Ordinary Shares in full and not in part only ("Full Loss Absorbing Instruments") 
then: 
(A) 
the requirement that a Write-Down of the Additional Tier 1 Notes shall be effected pro rata 
with the write-down (or write-off) or conversion into Ordinary Shares, as the case may be, of 
any such Loss Absorbing Instruments shall not be construed as requiring the Additional Tier 1 
Notes to be Written-Down in full (or in full save for the sub-unit floor) simply by virtue of the 
fact that such Full Loss Absorbing Instruments will be written-down (or written-off) or 
converted in full; and 
(B) 
for the purposes of calculating the Write-Down Amount, the Full Loss Absorbing Instruments 
will be treated (for the purposes only of determining the write-down (or write-off) of principal 
or conversion into Ordinary Shares, as the case may be, among the Additional Tier 1 Notes and 
such other Loss Absorbing Instruments on a pro rata basis) as if their terms permitted partial 
write-down (or write-off) or conversion into Ordinary Shares, such that the write-down (or 
write-off) or conversion into Ordinary Shares of such Full Loss Absorbing Instruments shall be 
deemed to occur in two concurrent stages: (a) first, the principal amount of such Full Loss 
Absorbing Instruments shall be written-down (or written-off) or converted into Ordinary Shares

--- Page 214 ---
Terms and Conditions for the Dematerialised Notes 
10261197493-v5 
- 203 - 
47-41058517 
 
pro rata with the Additional Tier 1 Notes and all other Loss Absorbing Instruments (in each 
case subject to and as provided in the preceding paragraph) to the extent necessary to cure the 
relevant Contingency Event; and (b) secondly, the balance (if any) of the principal amount of 
such Full Loss Absorbing Instruments remaining following (a) above shall be written-down (or 
written-off) or converted into Ordinary Shares, as the case may be, with the effect of increasing 
the Issuer's and/or the Group's, as the case may be, Common Equity Tier 1 Capital Ratio above 
the minimum required level under (A) above. 
13.3 
Consequences of loss absorption 
Following the giving of a Loss Absorption Event Notice which specifies a Write-Down of the Additional 
Tier 1 Notes, the Issuer shall procure that: 
(a) 
a similar notice is, or has been, given in respect of each Loss Absorbing Instrument (in 
accordance with, and to the extent required by, its terms); and 
(b) 
the prevailing principal amount of each Loss Absorbing Instrument outstanding (other than the 
Additional Tier 1 Notes) (if any) is written down (or written-off) or converted, as appropriate, 
in accordance with its terms prior to or, as appropriate, as soon as reasonably practicable 
following the giving of such Loss Absorption Event Notice, 
provided, however, that any failure by the Issuer either to give such a notice or to procure such a write 
down and/or conversion will not affect the effectiveness of, or otherwise invalidate, any Write Down of 
the Notes pursuant to Condition 13.2 (Loss absorption) or give Noteholders any rights as a result of either 
such failure (and, for the avoidance of doubt, the Write Down Amount may increase as a result thereof). 
13.4 
Reinstatement of principal amount 
If both a positive Net Banking Income and a positive Consolidated Net Banking Income are recorded at 
any time while the Prevailing Principal Amount of the Additional Tier 1 Notes is less than their Initial 
Principal Amount, the Issuer may, at its full discretion and subject to the Maximum Distributable Amount 
(if any) (when the amount of the Write-Up is aggregated together with other distributions of the Issuer 
or the Group, as applicable, of the kind referred to in Article 141(2) of the CRD IV and, if relevant, in 
any other similar payment restriction provision(s) under the Applicable Banking Regulations (or, if 
different, any provision of Italian law implementing Article 141(2) of the CRD IV, as amended or 
replaced, or if relevant, such other provision(s))) not being exceeded thereby, increase the Prevailing 
Principal Amount of each Note (a "Write-Up") up to a maximum of the Initial Principal Amount, on a 
pro rata basis with the other Additional Tier 1 Notes and with any Written-Down Additional Tier 1 
Instruments that have terms permitting a principal write-up to occur on a basis similar to that set out in 
this Condition 13.4 in the circumstances existing on the date of the relevant Write-Up (based on their 
prevailing principal amounts), provided that the sum of: 
(i) 
the aggregate amount of the relevant Write-Up on all the Additional Tier 1 Notes (aggregated 
with the aggregate amounts of any other Write-Ups out of the same Relevant Net Banking 
Income); 
(ii) 
the aggregate amount of any interest payments on the Additional Tier 1 Notes that were paid on 
the basis of a Prevailing Principal Amount lower than the Initial Principal Amount at any time 
after the end of the previous financial year, 
(iii) 
the aggregate amount of the increase in principal amount of each such Written-Down Additional 
Tier 1 Instrument at the time of the relevant Write-Up; and 
(iv) 
the aggregate amount of any interest payments on each such Written-Down Additional Tier 1 
Instrument that were calculated or paid on the basis of a prevailing principal amount that is 
lower than the principal amount it was issued with at any time after the end of the previous 
financial year, 
does not exceed the Maximum Write-Up Amount. 
The Issuer will not reinstate the principal amount of any Written-Down Additional Tier 1 Instruments of 
the Issuer that have terms permitting a principal write-up to occur on a similar basis to that set out in this 
Condition 13.4 unless it does so on a pro rata basis with a Write-Up on the Additional Tier 1 Notes.

--- Page 215 ---
Terms and Conditions for the Dematerialised Notes 
10261197493-v5 
- 204 - 
47-41058517 
 
A Write-Up may be made on one or more occasions in accordance with this Condition 13.4 until the 
Prevailing Principal Amount of the Additional Tier 1 Notes has been reinstated to the Initial Principal 
Amount. No Write-Up shall be operated (i) whilst a Contingency Event has occurred and is continuing, 
or (ii) where any such Write-Up (together with the write-up of all other Written-Down Additional Tier 1 
Instruments) would cause a Contingency Event to occur. 
Any decision by the Issuer to effect or not to effect any Write-Up pursuant to this Condition 13.4 on any 
occasion shall not preclude it from effecting or not effecting any Write-Up on any other occasion 
pursuant to this Condition 13.4. 
If the Issuer decides to Write-Up the Additional Tier 1 Notes pursuant to this Condition 13.4, it shall 
deliver a notice (a "Write-Up Notice") specifying the amount of any Write-Up (as a percentage of the 
Initial Principal Amount of an Additional Tier 1 Note resulting in a pro rata increase in the Prevailing 
Principal Amount of each Additional Tier 1 Note) and the date on which such Write-Up shall take effect 
shall be given to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 19 (Notices) and to the Paying Agent. Such 
Write-Up Notice shall be given at least 10 Business Days prior to the date on which the relevant Write-
Up becomes effective. 
14. 
PAYMENTS  
14.1 
Payments in respect of Notes 
Payment of principal and interest in respect of the Notes will be credited, according to the instructions 
of Monte Titoli, by the Paying Agent to the accounts of the Monte Titoli Account Holders whose 
accounts with Monte Titoli are credited with those Notes and thereafter credited by such Monte Titoli 
Account Holders to the accounts of the beneficial owners of those Notes or through Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg to the accounts with Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg of the beneficial 
owners of those Notes, in accordance with the rules and procedures of Monte Titoli, Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be. 
14.2 
Payments subject to applicable laws 
All payments in respect of the Notes made in accordance with these Conditions shall be subject to: 
(i) 
any fiscal or other laws, regulations and directives applicable thereto; and  
(ii) 
any withholding or deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) 
of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the "Code") or otherwise imposed pursuant to 
Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or agreements thereunder, any official 
interpretations thereof, any intergovernmental agreement in place between the United States 
and another jurisdiction facilitating the implementation thereof, or (without prejudice to the 
provisions of Condition 16 (Taxation)) any law implementing an intergovernmental approach 
thereto,  
but, in each case, without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 16 (Taxation). 
No commissions or expenses shall be charged to the Noteholders in respect of such payments. 
14.3 
Payments on a Business Day 
If the due date for payment in respect of any Note is not a Payment Business Day, the holder will not be 
entitled to payment of the amount due until the next succeeding Payment Business Day and such holder 
shall not be entitled to further interest or other payment in respect of such delay. 
14.4 
Paying Agents 
The initial Paying Agent is the Issuer. The initial Calculation Agent (if any) is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. The Issuer reserves the right at any time to appoint another person to act as Paying Agent 
or vary or terminate the appointment of any paying agent appointed under the terms of an agency 
agreement in a customary form and/or appoint additional or other paying agents and appoint a successor 
issuing and principal paying agent or Calculation Agent, provided it will at all times maintain: 
(i) 
A Paying Agent; and

--- Page 216 ---
Terms and Conditions for the Dematerialised Notes 
10261197493-v5 
- 205 - 
47-41058517 
 
(ii) 
if a Calculation Agent is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer shall at all times 
maintain a Calculation Agent. 
Notice of any change in the Paying Agent or it Specified Offices will promptly be given to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 19 (Notices). 
15. 
REDEMPTION AND PURCHASE 
15.1 
Final Redemption 
This Condition 15.1 applies only to any Notes other than the Notes specified in the applicable Final 
Terms as being Additional Tier 1 Notes. 
Unless previously redeemed, or purchased and cancelled as provided below, the Notes will be redeemed 
at their Final Redemption Amount on the Maturity Date, subject as provided in Condition 15.8 
(Redemption of Subordinated Notes and Additional Tier 1 Notes) and Condition 14 (Payments).  
15.2 
No fixed redemption for the Additional Tier 1 Notes 
This Condition 15.2 applies only to Notes specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Additional 
Tier 1 Notes. 
The Additional Tier 1 Notes have no fixed redemption date and may not be redeemed otherwise than in 
accordance with this Condition 15.2. 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as provided below, the Additional Tier 1 Notes 
will become repayable on the date on which voluntary or involuntary winding up, dissolution, liquidation 
or bankruptcy (including, inter alia, Liquidazione Coatta Amministrativa) proceedings are instituted in 
respect of the Issuer, in accordance with (a) a resolution of the shareholders' meeting of the Issuer, (b) 
any provision of the by-laws of the Issuer (currently, the maturity of the Issuer is set in its by-laws at 31 
December 2050 and may be extended by resolution), or (c) any applicable legal provision, or any decision 
of any judicial or administrative authority. Thereupon, the Additional Tier 1 Notes will become due and 
payable at an amount equal to their Prevailing Principal Amount, together with any accrued but unpaid 
interest (to the extent not cancelled in accordance with Condition 12.5 (Cancellation of Interest Amounts)) 
up to, but excluding the date fixed for redemption, and any additional amounts due pursuant to Condition 
16 (Taxation). 
15.3 
Redemption for Taxation Reasons 
If: 
(a) 
in the case of Additional Tier 1 Notes only, the part of the interest payable by the Issuer under 
the Additional Tier 1 Notes that on the Issue Date is tax-deductible by the Issuer for Italian tax 
purposes is reduced, or the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay additional amounts as 
provided or referred to in Condition 16 (Taxation) as a result of any change in, or amendment 
to the laws, regulations or rulings of, or applicable in, the Republic of Italy, or any political 
subdivision or any authority or agency thereof or therein having power to tax, or any change in 
the application or official interpretation or administration of such laws, regulations or rulings: 
(A) 
which change or amendment: 
(i) 
becomes effective after the Issue Date; 
(ii) 
in the event of any redemption upon the occurrence of a Tax Event prior to 
the fifth anniversary of the Issue Date, if and to the extent then required under 
the Applicable Banking Regulations, the Issuer demonstrates to the 
satisfaction of the Relevant Authority is material and was not reasonably 
foreseeable by the Issuer as at the Issue Date; 
(iii) 
is evidenced by a certificate made available, upon request, to the relevant 
Noteholder, signed by two Authorised Signatories of the Issuer stating that 
part of the interest payable by the Issuer in respect of the Additional Tier 1 
Notes that is on the Issue Date tax-deductible is no longer, or will no longer 
be, deductible for Italian income tax purposes or such deductibility is 
materially reduced, or that the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay such

--- Page 217 ---
Terms and Conditions for the Dematerialised Notes 
10261197493-v5 
- 206 - 
47-41058517 
 
additional amounts, as the case may be, and describing the facts leading 
thereto and an opinion of independent legal advisers of recognised standing 
to the effect that such circumstances prevail; and 
(B) 
which obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures available 
to it; or 
(b) 
in the case of any Note other than Additional Tier 1 Notes, 
(A) 
as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of a Relevant 
Jurisdiction, or any change in the application or official interpretation of the laws or 
regulations of a Relevant Jurisdiction, which change or amendment becomes effective 
after the date of issue of the first Tranche of the Notes, (a) the Issuer would be required 
to pay additional amounts as provided or referred to in Condition 16 (Taxation) or (b) 
for Subordinated Notes only, deductibility of interest payable by the Issuer in respect 
of the Subordinated Notes is materially reduced for Italian income tax purposes;  
(B) 
such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures available 
to it; and 
(C) 
in the case of Subordinated Notes only, if the circumstances under items (A) and (B) 
above have occurred before five years from the issue of the relevant Subordinated 
Notes, the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Relevant Authority that 
such change is material and was not reasonably foreseeable at the Issue Date, 
(any such event, a "Tax Event") 
the Issuer may at its option (but subject to Condition 15.8 (Redemption of Subordinated Notes and 
Additional Tier 1 Notes) and to Condition 15.9 (Redemption of Senior Notes and Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes), as applicable), having given not less than 15 nor more than 30 days' notice to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 19 (Notices) (which notice shall be irrevocable), redeem all the Notes, but 
not some only, at their Early Redemption Amount (Tax) or, in the case of Additional Tier 1 Notes, at 
their Prevailing Principal Amount, together with interest accrued to but excluding the relevant date of 
redemption: 
(A) 
at any time (if neither the Floating Rate Note Provisions nor CMS Linked Interest Note 
Provisions are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable); or 
(B) 
on any Interest Payment Date (if the Floating Rate Note Provisions or CMS Linked Interest 
Note Provisions are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable), 
provided, however, that no such notice of redemption shall be given (i) earlier than (a) where the Notes 
may be redeemed at any time, 90 days prior to the earliest date on which the Issuer would be obliged to 
pay such additional amounts, were a payment in respect of the Notes then due; or (b) where the Notes 
may be redeemed only on an Interest Payment Date, 60 days prior to the Interest Payment Date occurring 
immediately before the earliest date on which the Issuer would be obliged to pay such additional amounts, 
were a payment in respect of the Notes then due and (ii) unless, at the time such notice is given, such 
change or amendment remains in effect (or due to take effect). 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition 15.3 (Redemption for 
Taxation Reasons) in the case of any Note other than Additional Tier 1 Notes, the Issuer shall make 
available, upon request, to relevant Noteholders (i) a certificate signed by two Authorised Signatories of 
the Issuer stating the Issuer is entitled to effect such redemption and setting forth a statement of facts 
showing that the conditions precedent to the right of the Issuer so to redeem have occurred and (ii) an 
opinion of independent legal advisers of recognised standing to the effect that the Issuer has or will 
become obliged to pay such additional amounts as a result of the change or amendment. 
Upon the expiry of any notice as is referred in this Condition 15.3 (Redemption for Taxation Reasons), 
the Issuer shall be bound to redeem the Notes in accordance with the terms of this Condition 15.3 
(Redemption for Taxation Reasons) (subject to Condition 15.8 (Redemption of Subordinated Notes and 
Additional Tier 1 Notes) and to Condition 15.9 (Redemption of Senior Notes and Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes)).

--- Page 218 ---
Terms and Conditions for the Dematerialised Notes 
10261197493-v5 
- 207 - 
47-41058517 
 
15.4 
Redemption for Regulatory Reasons  
This Condition 15.4 applies only to Notes specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Subordinated 
Notes and Additional Tier 1 Notes. 
If, at any time the Issuer determines that a Regulatory Event has occurred in respect of the Subordinated 
Notes or a Capital Event has occurred in respect of the Additional Tier 1 Notes, the Notes may be 
redeemed at the option of the Issuer (subject to Condition 15.8 (Redemption of Subordinated Notes and 
Additional Tier 1 Notes)), in whole, but not in part, at any time (if this Note is neither a Floating Rate 
Note nor a CMS Linked Interest Note) or on any Interest Payment Date (if the Note is either a Floating 
Rate Note or a CMS Linked Interest Note), on giving not less than 15 nor more than 30 days' notice to 
the Paying Agent, Monte Titoli and, in accordance with Condition 19 (Notices) to the Noteholders (which 
notice shall be irrevocable). 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition 15.4 (Redemption for 
Regulatory Reasons), the Issuer shall make available, upon request, to the relevant Noteholder, a 
certificate signed by two Authorised Signatories of the Issuer stating that the said circumstances prevail 
and describe the facts leading thereto, in which event it shall be conclusive and binding on the 
Noteholders.  
Upon the expiry of any such notice as is referred to in this Condition 15.4 (Redemption for Regulatory 
Reasons), the Issuer shall – subject to Condition 15.8 (Redemption of Subordinated Notes and Additional 
Tier 1 Notes) - be bound to redeem the Notes in accordance with this Condition 15.4 (Redemption for 
Regulatory Reasons), at the Early Redemption Amount (Regulatory Event) described in the applicable 
Final Terms, or in the case of the Additional Tier 1, at their Prevailing Principal Amount, together (if 
appropriate) with interest accrued to (but excluding) the date of redemption. 
15.5 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer 
This Condition 15.5 applies to Notes which are subject to redemption prior to maturity at the option of 
the Issuer (other than for taxation reasons or for regulatory reasons). If the Call Option is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms as being applicable, the Notes may (subject to Condition 15.8 (Redemption of 
Subordinated Notes and Additional Tier 1 Notes) and to Condition 15.9 (Redemption of Senior Notes 
and Senior Non-Preferred Notes)) be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole or, if so specified in 
the applicable Final Terms, in part on any Optional Redemption Date(s) (Call) at the relevant Optional 
Redemption Amount (Call) or, in the case of Additional Tier 1 Notes, at their Prevailing Principal 
Amount, together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the relevant Optional 
Redemption Date(s) (Call), on the Issuer's giving not less than 15 nor more than 30 days' notice to the 
Paying Agent, Monte Titoli and the Noteholders which notices shall – subject to Condition 15.8 
(Redemption of Subordinated Notes and Additional Tier 1 Notes) and to Condition 15.9 (Redemption of 
Senior Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes), as applicable - be irrevocable and shall oblige the Issuer 
to redeem the Notes or, as the case may be, the Notes specified in such notice on the relevant Optional 
Redemption Date(s) (Call) at the Optional Redemption Amount (Call) or, in the case of Additional Tier 
1 Notes, at their Prevailing Principal Amount, together if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but 
excluding) the relevant Optional Redemption Date(s) (Call). 
15.6 
Partial Redemption 
If the Notes are to be redeemed in part only on any date in accordance with Condition 15.5 (Redemption 
at the Option of the Issuer), the Notes to be redeemed shall be selected in accordance with the rules of 
Monte Titoli (to be reflected in the records of Monte Titoli as a pro rata reduction in principal amount), 
subject to compliance with applicable laws and the rules of each listing authority, stock exchange and/or 
quotation system (if any) by which the Notes have then been admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation. 
If any Maximum Redemption Amount or Minimum Redemption Amount is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, then the Optional Redemption Amount (Call) shall in no event be greater than the maximum 
or less than the minimum so specified. 
15.7 
Italian Civil Code 
The Notes are not subject to Article 1186 of the Italian Civil Code nor, to the extent applicable, to Article 
1819 of the Italian Civil Code.

--- Page 219 ---
Terms and Conditions for the Dematerialised Notes 
10261197493-v5 
- 208 - 
47-41058517 
 
15.8 
Redemption of Subordinated Notes and Additional Tier 1 Notes 
Any redemption of, respectively, the Subordinated Notes in accordance with Condition 15.1 (Final 
Redemption), Condition 15.3 (Redemption for Taxation Reasons), Condition 15.4 (Redemption for 
Regulatory Reasons) and/or Condition 15.5 (Redemption at the Option of the Issuer) or the Additional 
Tier 1 Notes in accordance with Condition 15.2 (No fixed redemption for the Additional Tier 1 Notes), 
Condition 15.3 (Redemption for Taxation Reasons), Condition 15.4 (Redemption for Regulatory 
Reasons), Condition 15.5 (Redemption at the Option of the Issuer), Condition 15.12 (Clean-up 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer) and/or Condition 20 (Meeting of Noteholders, Noteholders' 
Representative) (including for the avoidance of doubt, any modification in accordance with Condition 
21), and any purchase in accordance with Condition 15.15 (Purchases) shall be subject to compliance 
with the then Applicable Banking Regulations, including, as relevant, for the avoidance of doubt to: 
(a) 
the Issuer giving notice to the Relevant Authority and the Relevant Authority granting prior 
permission to redeem or purchase the relevant Subordinated Notes or Additional Tier 1 Notes 
(in each case to the extent, and in the manner, required by the then Applicable Banking 
Regulations, including Articles 77 and 78 of the CRR, as amended or replaced from time to 
time), where either: 
(i) 
on or before such redemption or purchase (as applicable), the Issuer replaces the 
relevant Notes with Own Funds instruments of equal or higher quality at terms that are 
sustainable for the income capacity of the Issuer; or 
(ii) 
the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Relevant Authority that its Own 
Funds and eligible liabilities would, following such repayment or purchase, exceed the 
minimum requirements (including any capital buffer requirements) required under the 
Applicable Banking Regulations by a margin that the Relevant Authority considers 
necessary at such time; and 
(b) 
in respect of a call, redemption repayment or repurchase prior to the fifth anniversary of the 
Issue Date of the relevant Subordinated Notes or Additional Tier 1 Notes, if and to the extent 
required under Article 78(4) of the CRR or the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No. 
241/2014 of 7 January 2014: 
(i) 
in the case of redemption pursuant to Condition 15.3 (Redemption for Taxation 
Reasons), the Issuer having demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Relevant Authority 
that the change in the applicable tax treatment of the Subordinated Notes or Additional 
Tier 1 Notes is material and was not reasonably foreseeable as at the Issue Date; or 
(ii) 
in case of redemption pursuant to Condition 15.4 (Redemption for Regulatory Reasons), 
a Regulatory Event having occurred in respect of Subordinated Notes or a Capital 
Event having occurred in respect of Additional Tier 1 Notes; or 
(iii) 
on or before such redemption or repurchase (as applicable), the Issuer replacing the 
relevant Notes with Own Funds instruments of equal or higher quality at terms that are 
sustainable for the income capacity of the Issuer and the Relevant Authority having 
permitted that action on the basis of the determination that it would be beneficial from 
a prudential point of view and justified by exceptional circumstances; or 
(iv) 
the relevant Notes being repurchased for market making purposes, 
subject in any event to any alternative or additional conditions or requirements as may be 
applicable from time to time under the Applicable Banking Regulations. 
The Relevant Authority may grant a general prior permission, for a specified period which shall 
not exceed one year, to redeem or purchase (including for market making purposes) the 
Subordinated Notes or Additional Tier 1 Notes, in the limit of a predetermined amount, which 
shall not exceed the lower of (i) 10 per cent. (or any other threshold as may be requested or 
required by the Relevant Authority from time to time) of the aggregate nominal amount of the 
relevant Series of the Subordinated Notes or the Additional Tier 1 Notes and (ii) 3 per cent. (or 
any other threshold as may be requested or required by the Relevant Authority from time to 
time) of the outstanding aggregate nominal amount of the Tier 2 Capital instruments or the 
Additional Tier 1 instruments of the Issuer at the relevant time, subject to criteria that ensure

--- Page 220 ---
Terms and Conditions for the Dematerialised Notes 
10261197493-v5 
- 209 - 
47-41058517 
 
that any such redemption or purchase will be in accordance with the conditions set out at letters 
(i) or (ii) of subparagraph (a) of the preceding paragraph. 
If the Issuer has elected to redeem any Additional Tier 1 Notes pursuant to Condition 15.3 (Redemption 
for Taxation Reasons), Condition 15.4 (Redemption for Regulatory Reasons) and/or Condition 15.5 
(Redemption at the Option of the Issuer), and prior to the relevant redemption date a Contingency Event 
occurs, the relevant redemption notice shall be automatically rescinded and shall be of no force and effect, 
the Prevailing Principal Amount of the Notes will not be due and payable and a Write-Down shall occur 
as described under Condition 13 (Loss Absorption and Reinstatement of Principal Amount). 
The Issuer shall not give a redemption notice pursuant to Condition 15.3 (Redemption for Taxation 
Reasons) and Condition 15.4 (Redemption for Regulatory Reasons), Condition 15.5 (Redemption at the 
Option of the Issuer), in the period following the giving of a Loss Absorption Event Notice and prior to 
the relevant Write Down Effective Date. 
15.9 
Redemption of Senior Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes  
Any redemption of the Senior Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes in accordance with Condition 15.3 
(Redemption for Taxation Reasons), Condition 15.5 (Redemption at the Option of the Issuer), Condition 
15.10 (Issuer Call Due to a MREL Disqualification Event), Condition 15.12 (Clean-up Redemption at 
the option of the Issuer), Condition 20 (Meeting of Noteholders, Noteholders' Representative) (including 
for the avoidance of doubt, any modification in accordance with Condition 21), and any purchase in 
accordance with Condition 15.15 (Purchases) of the Senior Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
qualifying as eligible liabilities instruments according to the MREL Requirements is subject to 
compliance with the then Applicable Banking Regulations, including the condition that the Issuer has 
obtained the prior permission of the Relevant Authority in accordance with Article 78a of the CRR, 
where one of the following conditions is met: 
(A) 
on or before such call, redemption, repayment or repurchase (as applicable), the Issuer replaces 
the Senior Notes or the Senior Non-Preferred Notes with Own Funds instruments or eligible 
liabilities instruments of equal or higher quality at terms that are sustainable for its income 
capacity; or  
(B) 
the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Relevant Authority that its Own Funds and 
eligible liabilities would, following such call, redemption, repayment or repurchase, exceed the 
requirements for Own Funds and eligible liabilities laid down in the Applicable Banking 
Regulations by a margin that the Relevant Authority considers necessary; or  
(C) 
the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Relevant Authority that the partial or full 
replacement of the eligible liabilities with Own Funds instruments is necessary to ensure 
compliance with the Own Funds requirements laid down in the Applicable Banking Regulations 
for continuing authorization, 
subject in any event to any different conditions or requirements as may be provided from time to time 
under the Applicable Banking Regulations. 
The Relevant Authority may grant a general prior permission, for a specified period which shall not 
exceed one year, to redeem or purchase (including for market making purposes) Senior Notes or Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes, in the limit of a predetermined amount, instruments, subject to criteria that ensure 
that any such redemption or purchase will be in accordance with the conditions set out in sub-paragraphs 
(A) and (B) of the preceding paragraph. For the avoidance of doubt, any refusal of the Relevant Authority 
to grant its permission in accordance with Article 78a of the CRR shall not constitute a default of the 
Issuer for any purposes. 
15.10 
Issuer Call Due to a MREL Disqualification Event 
This Condition 15.10 (Issuer Call Due to a MREL Disqualification Event) applies only to Notes specified 
in the applicable Final Terms as Senior Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes. 
If Issuer Call due to a MREL Disqualification Event is specified as being applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, the Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer (subject to the provisions of Condition 
15.9 (Redemption of Senior Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes)), having given not less than 15 nor 
more than 30 days' notice the Paying Agent, Monte Titoli and, in accordance with Condition 19 (Notices), 
to the Noteholders (which notice shall specify the date fixed for redemption), in whole, but not in part,

--- Page 221 ---
Terms and Conditions for the Dematerialised Notes 
10261197493-v5 
- 210 - 
47-41058517 
 
at any time (if the Note is neither a Floating Rate Note nor a CMS Linked Interest Note) or on any Interest 
Payment Date (if this Note is either a Floating Rate Note or a CMS Linked Interest Note), if the Issuer 
determines that a MREL Disqualification Event has occurred and is continuing. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition 15.10 (Issuer Call Due to 
a MREL Disqualification Event), the Issuer shall make available, upon request, to the relevant Noteholder 
a certificate signed by two Authorised Signatories of the Issuer stating that the said circumstances prevail 
and describe the facts leading thereto, in which event it shall be conclusive and binding on the 
Noteholders.  
Upon the expiry of any such notice as is referred to in this Condition 15.10 (Issuer Call Due to a MREL 
Disqualification Event), the Issuer shall – subject to Condition 15.9 (Redemption of Senior Notes and 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes) – be bound to redeem the Notes in accordance with this Condition 15.10 
(Issuer Call Due to a MREL Disqualification Event) at the Early Redemption Amount described in the 
applicable Final Terms, together (if appropriate) with interest accrued to (but excluding) the date of 
redemption. 
15.11 
Redemption at the Option of Noteholders 
This Condition 15.11 (Redemption at the Option of Noteholders) is applicable only to Senior Notes and 
if the Put Option is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable. 
The Issuer shall, at the option of the holder of any Note redeem such Note on the Optional Redemption 
Date(s) (Put) specified in the relevant Put Option Notice at the relevant Optional Redemption Amount 
(Put) together with interest (if any) accrued to such date. In order to exercise the option contained in this 
Condition 15.11 (Redemption at the Option of Noteholders), the holder of a Note must deliver to any 
Paying Agent a duly completed Put Option Notice in the form obtainable from any Paying Agent. The 
Paying Agent to which a Put Option Notice is so delivered shall deliver a duly completed Put Option 
Receipt to the relevant Noteholder. Upon delivery of a Put Option Notice and up to and including the 
Optional Redemption Date(s) (Put), no transfer of title to the Note(s) for which the Put Option Notice 
has been delivered will be allowed. At least 5 Business Days prior to the Optional Redemption Date(s) 
(Put), the Issuer and the Paying Agent shall notify Monte Titoli of the amount of Notes to be redeemed 
on the Optional Redemption Date(s) (Put) and the aggregate Optional Redemption Amount (Put). 
15.12 
Clean-up Redemption at the option of the Issuer 
If a clean-up redemption option (the "Clean-Up Redemption Option") is specified as applicable in the 
Final Terms, and if 75% or any higher percentage specified in the relevant Final Terms (the "Clean-Up 
Percentage") of the initial aggregate nominal amount of the Notes of the same Series (which for the 
avoidance of doubt includes, any additional Notes issued subsequently and forming a single series with 
the first Tranche of a particular Series of Notes) have been redeemed or purchased by, or on behalf of, 
the Issuer and cancelled, the Issuer may at any time, at its option, and having given to the Paying Agent, 
Monte Titoli and, in accordance with Condition 19 (Notices), the Noteholders not less than 5 nor more 
than 30 calendar days' notice (the "Clean-Up Redemption Notice") (which notices shall be irrevocable 
and shall specify the date fixed for redemption), redeem such outstanding Notes, in whole but not in part, 
at their clean-up redemption amount ("Clean-Up Redemption Amount") together, if appropriate, with 
accrued interest to (but excluding) the date of redemption, on the date fixed for redemption identified in 
the Clean-Up Redemption Notice. 
In the case of Senior Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes, the redemption referred to in this Condition 
15.12 shall be subject to Condition 15.9 (Redemption of Senior Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes). 
In the case of Subordinated Notes, the redemption referred to in this Condition 15.12 shall be subject to 
Condition 15.8 (Redemption of Subordinated Notes and Additional Tier 1 Notes). 
15.13 
No other redemption 
The Issuer shall not be entitled to redeem the Notes otherwise than as provided in Conditions 15.1 (Final 
Redemption) to 15.11 (Redemption at the Option of Noteholders).

--- Page 222 ---
Terms and Conditions for the Dematerialised Notes 
10261197493-v5 
- 211 - 
47-41058517 
 
15.14 
Early Redemption of Zero Coupon Notes 
Unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Redemption Amount payable on 
redemption of a Zero Coupon Note at any time before the Maturity Date shall be an amount equal to the 
sum of: 
(i) 
the Reference Price; and 
(ii) 
the product of the Accrual Yield (compounded annually) being applied to the Reference Price 
from (and including) the Issue Date to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the 
case may be) the date upon which the Note becomes due and payable. 
Where such calculation is to be made for a period which is not a whole number of years, the calculation 
in respect of the period of less than a full year shall be made on the basis of such Day Count Fraction as 
may be specified in the applicable Final Terms for the purposes of Condition 15.11 (Redemption at the 
Option of Noteholders) or, if none is so specified, a Day Count Fraction of 30E/360.  
15.15 
Purchases 
The Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries may purchase Notes in any manner and at any price, provided that:  
(i) 
in the case of Subordinated Notes or Additional Tier 1 Notes, the purchase of the relevant 
Subordinated Notes or Additional Tier 1 Notes by the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries shall take 
place subject as provided in Condition 15.8 (Redemption of Subordinated Notes and Additional 
Tier 1 Notes); and 
(ii) 
in the case of Senior Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes, the purchase of the relevant Senior 
Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes by the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries shall take place 
subject as provided in Condition 15.9 (Redemption of Senior Notes and Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes). 
15.16 
Cancellations 
All Notes which are redeemed shall be cancelled and may not be reissued or resold. Subject to the 
requirements (if any) of any stock exchange or securities market on which the Notes may be admitted to 
listing and/or trading at the relevant time and subject to compliance with all applicable laws and 
regulations, Notes purchased by the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries may be held or re-sold by the Issuer 
or submitted for cancellation by the Issuer or its Subsidiaries, in each case, at the Issuer's discretion. 
16. 
TAXATION 
16.1 
Payment without Withholding  
All payments of principal (if applicable) and interest in respect of the Notes by or on behalf of the Issuer 
shall be made free and clear of, and without withholding or deduction for or on account of, any present 
or future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature ("Taxes") imposed or 
levied by or on behalf of any Relevant Jurisdiction, unless the withholding or deduction of the Taxes is 
required by law. In that event, the Issuer will pay such additional amounts as may be necessary in order 
that the net amounts received by the Noteholders after such withholding or deduction shall be equal to 
the amounts of principal, in the case of Senior Notes that are not eligible at the relevant Issue Date to 
meet the Issuer's MREL Requirements only, and interest, in the case of any Notes, which would have 
been received in respect of the Notes in the absence of such withholding or deduction; except that no 
additional amounts shall be payable in respect of any Note: 
(i) 
presented for payment by, or by a third party on behalf of, the holder who is liable to such Taxes 
in respect of such Note by reason of it having some connection with the Relevant Jurisdiction 
other than a mere holding of the Note; or 
(ii) 
presented for payment in the Relevant Jurisdiction; or 
(iii) 
presented for payment by or on behalf of a holder of Notes who would have been able to avoid 
such withholding or deduction by making a declaration of non-residence or other similar claim 
for an exemption; or

--- Page 223 ---
Terms and Conditions for the Dematerialised Notes 
10261197493-v5 
- 212 - 
47-41058517 
 
(iv) 
requested more than 30 days after the Relevant Date except to the extent that a holder of such 
Note would have been entitled to such additional amounts on presenting such payment Note for 
payment on the last day of the period of 30 days; or 
(v) 
in relation to any payment or deduction on principal, interest or other proceeds of any Note on 
account of imposta sostitutiva pursuant to Italian Legislative Decree No. 239 of 1 April 1996, 
as amended or supplemented from time to time, or related implementing regulations (the 
"Decree No. 239"); or 
(vi) 
in circumstances in which the formalities, procedures and requirements to obtain an exemption 
from imposta sostitutiva under Decree No. 239 have not been complied with, except where such 
formalities, procedures and requirements have not been complied with due to the actions or 
omissions of the Issuer or its agents; or 
(vii) 
in relation to any payment or deduction on principal, interest or other proceeds of any Note on 
account of any withholding or deduction pursuant to Italian Law Decree No. 512 of 30 
September 1983, as amended or supplemented from time to time. 
The Issuer will have no obligation to pay additional amounts or otherwise indemnify an investor for any 
amounts required to be withheld or deducted pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any 
regulation or agreements thereunder, any official interpretations thereof, any intergovernmental 
agreement in place between the United States and another jurisdiction facilitating the implementation 
thereof or any law implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto to be deducted or withheld by 
the Issuer, the paying agent or any other party. 
16.2 
Additional Amounts 
Any reference in these Conditions to any amounts of principal and interest in respect of the Notes shall 
be deemed also to refer to any additional amounts which may be payable under Condition 16 (Taxation). 
17. 
PRESCRIPTION 
Claims in respect of principal and interest will become void unless presentation for payment is made as 
required by Condition 14 (Payments) within a period of ten years in the case of principal and five years 
in the case of interest from the appropriate Relevant Date, subject to provisions of Condition 14 
(Payments). 
18. 
EVENTS OF DEFAULT 
With respect to any Note, if any of the following events occurs: 
(i) 
Winding-up etc: if an order is made by any competent court or an effective resolution is passed 
for the winding up, liquidation or dissolution of the Issuer (otherwise than for the purposes of 
and pursuant to an amalgamation, reorganisation or restructuring whilst solvent); or 
(ii) 
Analogous event: any event occurs which under the laws of the Relevant Jurisdiction has an 
analogous effect to any of the events referred to in paragraph (i) (Winding up, etc.) above, 
then any Note may, by written notice addressed by the holder thereof to the Issuer and delivered to the 
Issuer or to the Specified Office of the Paying Agent, be declared immediately due and payable, 
whereupon it shall become immediately due and payable at its Early Termination Amount or, in the case 
of Additional Tier 1 Notes, at their Prevailing Principal Amount together with accrued interest (in the 
case of Additional Tier 1 Notes, to the extent that such interest is not cancelled in accordance with these 
Conditions) (if any) without further action or formality. No Event of Default shall occur other than in the 
circumstances under paragraphs (i) and (ii) above (and, for the avoidance of doubt, resolution 
proceeding(s) or moratoria imposed by a resolution authority in respect of the Issuer shall not constitute 
an Event of Default for any purpose). 
19. 
NOTICES 
For so long as the Notes are held through Monte Titoli, all notices regarding the Notes will be deemed 
to be validly given if published through the systems of Monte Titoli and (so long as the Notes are listed 
on a securities market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and it is a requirement of applicable laws and 
regulations or the rules of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange) a leading newspaper having general 
circulation in Luxembourg or on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's website (www.luxse.com) or, if such

--- Page 224 ---
Terms and Conditions for the Dematerialised Notes 
10261197493-v5 
- 213 - 
47-41058517 
 
publication shall not be practicable, in an leading English language daily newspaper of general circulation 
in Europe (which is expected to be the Financial Times). Any such notice shall be deemed to have been 
given on the date of such publication or, if published more than once or on different dates, the first date 
on which publication is made. 
20. 
MEETING OF NOTEHOLDERS, NOTEHOLDERS' REPRESENTATIVE 
20.1 
Meetings of Noteholders  
The Provisions for Meetings of Noteholders contain provisions for convening meetings of Noteholders 
to consider matters relating to the Notes, including the modification of any provision of these Conditions. 
Any such modification may be made if sanctioned by an Extraordinary Resolution. Such a meeting may 
be convened by the Issuer and shall be convened by it upon the request in writing of Noteholders holding 
not less than one-tenth of the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes. The quorum at any 
meeting convened to vote on an Extraordinary Resolution will be one or more Persons holding or 
representing a clear majority of the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes or, at any 
adjourned meeting, one or more Persons being or representing Noteholders whatever the principal 
amount of the Notes held or represented; provided, however, that Reserved Matters may only be 
sanctioned by an Extraordinary Resolution passed at a meeting of Noteholders at which one or more 
Persons holding or representing not less than three-fourths or, at any adjourned meeting, one third of the 
aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes form a quorum. Any Extraordinary Resolution duly 
passed at any such meeting shall be binding on all the Noteholders, whether present or not. 
In addition, a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of all Noteholders who for the time being are 
entitled to receive notice of a meeting of Noteholders will take effect as if it were an Extraordinary 
Resolution. Such a resolution in writing may be contained in one document or several documents in the 
same form, each signed by or on behalf of one or more Noteholders. 
20.2 
Modification 
The Notes and these Conditions may be amended without the consent of the Noteholders to correct a 
manifest error. In addition, the Issuer may not effect, without the consent of the Noteholders, any 
modification unless it is of a formal, minor or technical nature, it is made to correct a manifest error or it 
is not materially prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders.  
For the avoidance of doubt, no Noteholder consent shall be required in connection with effecting the 
Successor Rate or Alternative Benchmark Rate (as applicable) or such other changes, including for the 
execution of any documents or other steps by the Paying Agent (if required) pursuant to Condition 9.10 
(Benchmark Replacement). 
21. 
ROUNDING 
For the purposes of any calculations referred to in these Conditions (unless otherwise specified in these 
Conditions or the applicable Final Terms), (a) all percentages resulting from such calculations will be 
rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point (with 0.000005 per 
cent. being rounded up to 0.00001 per cent.), (b) all United States dollar amounts used in or resulting 
from such calculations will be rounded to the nearest cent (with one half cent being rounded up), (c) all 
Japanese Yen amounts used in or resulting from such calculations will be rounded downwards to the next 
lower whole Japanese Yen amount, and (d) all amounts denominated in any other currency used in or 
resulting from such calculations will be rounded to the nearest two decimal places in such currency, with 
0.005 being rounded upwards. 
22. 
FURTHER ISSUES 
The Issuer may from time to time without the requirement to give notice to, or seek the consent of, the 
Noteholders create and issue further notes having the same terms and conditions as those of the Notes in 
all respects (or in all respects except for the first payment of interest on them) and so that such further 
issue shall be consolidated and form a single series with the outstanding Notes, or upon such terms as 
the Issuer may determine at the time of their issue.  
23. 
CURRENCY INDEMNITY 
If any sum due from the Issuer in respect of the Notes or any order or judgment given or made in relation 
thereto has to be converted from the currency (the "first currency") in which the same is payable under 
these Conditions or such order or judgment into another currency (the "second currency") for the

--- Page 225 ---
Terms and Conditions for the Dematerialised Notes 
10261197493-v5 
- 214 - 
47-41058517 
 
purpose of (a) making or filing a claim or proof against the Issuer, (b) obtaining an order or judgment in 
any court or other tribunal or (c) enforcing any order or judgment given or made in relation to the Notes, 
the Issuer shall indemnify each Noteholder, on the written demand of such Noteholder addressed to the 
Issuer and delivered to the Issuer or to the Specified Office of the Paying Agent, against any loss suffered 
as a result of any discrepancy between (i) the rate of exchange used for such purpose to convert the sum 
in question from the first currency into the second currency and (ii) the rate or rates of exchange at which 
such Noteholder may in the ordinary course of business purchase the first currency with the second 
currency upon receipt of a sum paid to it in satisfaction, in whole or in part, of any such order, judgment, 
claim or proof. 
24. 
GOVERNING LAW AND SUBMISSION TO JURISDICTION 
24.1 
Governing Law  
The Notes and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the Notes are 
governed by, and construed in accordance with, Italian law. 
24.2 
Submission to Jurisdiction  
The courts of Milan are to have jurisdiction to settle any disputes which may arise out of or in connection 
with the Notes and accordingly any legal action or proceedings arising out of or in connection with the 
Notes may be brought in such courts.  
25. 
CONTRACTUAL RECOGNITION OF BAIL-IN POWERS 
By the acquisition of the Notes, each Noteholder acknowledges and agrees to be bound by the exercise 
of any Bail-in Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority that may result in the write-down or 
cancellation of all or a portion of the principal amount of, or distributions on, the Notes and/or the 
conversion of all or a portion of the principal amount of, or distributions on, the Notes into ordinary 
shares or other obligations of the Issuer or another person, including by means of a variation to the terms 
of the Notes to give effect to the exercise by the Relevant Resolution Authority of such Bail-in Power. 
Each Noteholder further agrees that the rights of the Noteholders are subject to, and will be varied if 
necessary so as to give effect to, the exercise of any Bail-in Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the potential write-down or cancellation of all or a portion of the principal 
amount of, or distributions on, the Additional Tier 1 Notes or the conversion of the Additional Tier 1 
Notes into Ordinary Shares or other obligations in connection with the exercise of any Bail-in Power by 
the Relevant Authority is separate and distinct from a Write-Down following a Contingency Event 
although these events may occur consecutively. 
Upon the Issuer being informed or notified by the Relevant Resolution Authority of the actual exercise 
of the date from which the Bail-in Power is effective with respect to the Notes, the Issuer shall notify the 
Noteholders without delay. Any delay or failure by the Issuer to give notice shall not affect the validity 
and enforceability of the Bail-in Power nor the effects on the Notes described in this Condition. 
The exercise of the Bail-in Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority with respect to the Notes shall 
not constitute an Event of Default and the terms and conditions for the Notes shall continue to apply in 
relation to the residual principal amount of, or outstanding amount payable with respect to, the Notes 
subject to any modification of the amount of distributions payable to reflect the reduction of the principal 
amount, and any further modification of the terms that the Relevant Resolution Authority may decide in 
accordance with applicable laws and regulations relating to the resolution of credit institutions, 
investment firms and/or Group Entities incorporated in the relevant Member State. 
Each Noteholder also acknowledges and agrees that this provision is exhaustive on the matters described 
herein to the exclusion of any other agreements, arrangements or understandings relating to the 
application of any Bail-in Power to the Notes. 
As used in this Condition: 
"Bail-in Power" means any statutory write-down and/or conversion power existing from time to time 
under any laws, regulations, rules or requirements relating to the resolution of credit institutions, 
investment firms and/or Group Entities incorporated in the relevant Member State in effect and 
applicable in the relevant Member State to the Issuer or other Group Entities, including (but not limited 
to) any such laws, regulations, rules or requirements that are implemented, adopted or enacted within the 
context of any European Union directive or regulation of the European Parliament and of the Council

--- Page 226 ---
Terms and Conditions for the Dematerialised Notes 
10261197493-v5 
- 215 - 
47-41058517 
 
establishing a framework for the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and investment firms 
and/or within the context of a relevant Member State resolution regime or otherwise, pursuant to which 
liabilities of a credit institution, investment firm and/or any Group Entities can be reduced, cancelled 
and/or converted into shares or obligations of the obligor or any other person. 
"Group Entity" means the Issuer or any legal person that is part of the Group. 
"Resolution Power" means any statutory write-down, transfer and/or conversion power existing from 
time to time under any laws regulations, rules or requirements relating to the resolution of the Issuer or 
any other entities of the Group, including but not limited to any laws, regulations, rules or requirements 
implementing the BRRD and/or the SRM Regulation. 
"SRM Regulation" means Regulation (EU) No. 806/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council 
of 15 July 2014 establishing uniform rules and a uniform procedure for the resolution of credit institutions 
and certain investment firms in the framework of a Single Resolution Mechanism and a Single Resolution 
Fund and amending Regulation (EU) No 1093/2010, as amended or replaced from time to time (including 
by SRM II Regulation); and 
"SRM II Regulation" means Regulation (EU) No. 2019/877 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 20 May 2019 amending Regulation (EU) No. 806/2014 as regards the loss absorbing and 
recapitalisation capacity of credit institutions and investment firms.

--- Page 227 ---
10261197493-v5 
- 216 - 
47-41058517 
 
ANNEX 1 TO THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR THE DEMATERIALISED NOTES 
PROVISIONS FOR MEETINGS OF NOTEHOLDERS 
The following provisions (the "Provisions for Meetings of Noteholders") will apply to the meetings of the 
holders of the Dematerialised Notes and will remain in full force and effect until full repayment or cancellation 
of the Dematerialised Notes to which the Provisions apply. 
The contents of these Provisions for Meetings of Noteholders are subject to any mandatory provisions of Italian 
law (including, without limitation, those set out in the Financial Services Act) and the Issuer's By-Laws in force 
from time to time. 
Unless otherwise provided in these Provisions for Meetings of Noteholders, any capitalised term shall have the 
meaning attributed to it in the Terms and Conditions for the Dematerialised Notes. 
In these Provisions for Meetings of Noteholders, the terms below shall have the following meaning: 
"Block Voting Instruction" means, in relation to any Meeting, a document requested by any Noteholder 
and issued by the relevant Monte Titoli Account Holder in accordance with applicable laws and 
regulations, delivered to the Paying Agent: 
(a) 
certifying that certain specified Notes (the "Blocked Note") are blocked in an account with the 
relevant Monte Titoli Account Holder and will not be released and will not be released until the 
earlier of: 
(i) 
the conclusion of the Meeting; and 
(ii) 
the surrender to such Paying Agent, not less than 48 hours before the time fixed for the 
Meeting (or, if the Meeting has been adjourned, the time fixed for its resumption) of 
the receipt for the blocked Notes by the Paying Agent to the Issuer; 
(b) 
certifying that the holder of each Blocked Note has instructed that the votes attributable to such 
Blocked Note are to be cast in a particular way on each resolution to be put to the Meeting and 
that, during the period of 48 hours before the time fixed for the Meeting, such instructions may 
not be amended or revoked; 
(c) 
listing the total number of the Blocked Notes, distinguishing for each resolution between those 
in respect of which instructions have been given to vote for, or against, the resolution; and 
(d) 
authorising a named individual or individuals to vote in respect of the Blocked Notes in 
accordance with such instructions; 
"Chairman" means, in relation to any Meeting, the individual who takes the chair in accordance with 
paragraph 6 (Chairman); 
"Extraordinary Resolution" means a resolution passed at a Meeting duly convened and held in 
accordance with these Provisions for Meetings of Noteholders by a majority of not less than two thirds 
of the votes cast; 
"Meeting" means a meeting of Noteholders (whether originally convened or resumed following an 
adjournment); 
"Proxy" means, in relation to any Meeting, a person appointed to vote under a Block Voting Instruction 
other than: 
(a) 
any such person whose appointment has been revoked and in relation to whom the Paying Agent 
has been notified in writing of such revocation by the time which is 48 hours before the time 
fixed for such Meeting; and 
(b) 
any such person appointed to vote at a Meeting which has been adjourned for want of a quorum 
and who has not been re-appointed to vote at the Meeting when it is resumed;

--- Page 228 ---
10261197493-v5 
- 217 - 
47-41058517 
 
"Relevant Fraction" means: 
(a) 
for all business other than voting on an Extraordinary Resolution, one tenth of the aggregate 
principal amount of the Notes then outstanding; 
(b) 
for voting on any Extraordinary Resolution other than one relating to a Reserved Matter, a clear 
majority of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes then outstanding; and 
(c) 
for voting on any Extraordinary Resolution relating to a Reserved Matter, three-fourths of the 
aggregate principal amount of the Notes then outstanding; 
provided, however, that, in the case of a Meeting which has resumed after adjournment for want of a 
quorum, it means: 
(i) 
for all business other than voting on an Extraordinary Resolution relating to a Reserved Matter, 
the fraction of the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes represented or held by the 
Voters actually present at the Meeting; and 
(ii) 
for voting on any Extraordinary Resolution relating to a Reserved Matter, one third of the 
aggregate principal amount of the Notes then outstanding; 
"Reserved Matter" means any proposal: 
(a) 
to change any date fixed for payment of principal or interest in respect of the Notes, to reduce 
or cancel the amount of principal or interest payable on any date in respect of the Notes, to 
reduce the rate or rates of interest in respect of the Notes or to alter the method of calculating 
the amount of any payment in respect of the Notes on redemption or maturity or the date for 
any such payment; 
(b) 
to effect the exchange or substitution of the Notes for, or the conversion of the Notes into, shares, 
bonds or other obligations or securities of the Issuer or any other person or body corporate 
formed or to be formed; 
(c) 
to change the currency in which amounts due in respect of the Notes are payable; 
(d) 
to change the quorum required at any Meeting or the majority required to pass an Extraordinary 
Resolution; 
(e) 
to make any alteration or modification to Conditions 2 (Status of Senior Notes), 2.A (Status of 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes) and 3 (Status of Subordinated Notes)), 12 (Taxation) or 15 (Events 
of Default) other than those of a formal, minor or technical nature; or 
(f) 
to amend this definition; 
"Voter" means, in relation to any Meeting, the bearer of a Voting Certificate or a Proxy; 
"Voting Certificate" means, in relation to any Meeting, a certificate issued by the relevant Monte Titoli 
Account Holder in accordance with applicable laws and regulations, in which it is stated: 
(a) 
that the Blocked Notes have been blocked in an account with the relevant Monte Titoli Account 
Holder and will not be released until the earlier of: 
(i) 
the conclusion of the Meeting; and 
(ii) 
the surrender of such certificate to the relevant Monte Titoli Account Holder and the 
notification of release thereof to the Issuer; and 
(b) 
that the bearer of such certificate is entitled to attend and vote at the Meeting in respect of the 
Blocked Notes; 
"Written Resolution" means a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of:

--- Page 229 ---
10261197493-v5 
- 218 - 
47-41058517 
 
(a) 
all holders of Notes who for the time being are entitled to receive notice of a Meeting; or 
(b) 
if all such holders have been given at least 21 days' notice of such resolution, persons holding 
two thirds of the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes, 
in each case, in accordance with the provisions of these Provisions for Meetings of Noteholders, whether 
contained in one document or several documents in the same form, each signed by or on behalf of one 
or more such holders of the Notes; 
"24 hours" means a period of 24 hours including all or part of a day upon which banks are open for 
business in both the places where the relevant Meeting is to be held and in each of the places where the 
Paying Agent has its Specified Offices (disregarding for this purpose the day upon which such Meeting 
is to be held) and such period shall be extended by one period or, to the extent necessary, more periods 
of 24 hours until there is included as aforesaid all or part of a day upon which banks are open for business 
as aforesaid; and 
"48 hours" means 2 consecutive periods of 24 hours. 
1. 
Issue of Voting Certificates and Block Voting Instructions 
The holder of a Note may obtain a Voting Certificate from the relevant Monte Titoli Account Holder or 
require the relevant Monte Titoli Account Holder to issue a Block Voting Instruction in respect of such 
Note, in each case not later than 48 hours before the time fixed for the relevant Meeting. A Voting 
Certificate or Block Voting Instruction shall be valid until the release of the Blocked Notes to which it 
relates. So long as a Voting Certificate or Block Voting Instruction is valid, the bearer thereof (in the 
case of a Voting Certificate) or any Proxy named therein (in the case of a Block Voting Instruction) shall 
be deemed to be the holder of the Notes to which it relates for all purposes in connection with the Meeting. 
A Voting Certificate and a Block Voting Instruction cannot be outstanding simultaneously in respect of 
the same Note. 
2. 
References to deposit/release of notes 
References to the blocking or release of Notes shall be construed in accordance with the usual practices 
(including blocking the relevant account) of the relevant clearing system. 
3. 
Validity of Block Voting Instructions 
A Block Voting Instruction shall be valid only if it is deposited at the Specified Office of the Paying 
Agent, or at some other place as may be advised by the Paying Agent, at least 24 hours before the time 
fixed for the relevant Meeting or the Chairman decides otherwise before the Meeting proceeds to business. 
If the Issuer requires, a notarised copy of each Block Voting Instruction and satisfactory proof of the 
identity of each Proxy named therein shall be produced at the Meeting, but the Paying Agent shall not 
be obliged to investigate the validity of any Block Voting Instruction or the authority of any Proxy. 
4. 
Convening of Meeting 
The Issuer may convene a Meeting at any time and shall be obliged to do so upon the request in writing 
of Noteholders holding not less than one tenth of the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes. 
5. 
Notice 
At least 21 days' notice (exclusive of the day on which the notice is given and of the day on which the 
relevant Meeting is to be held) specifying the date, time and place of the Meeting shall be given by the 
Issuer to the Noteholders and the Paying Agent. The notice shall set out the full text of any resolutions 
to be proposed and shall state that the Notes may be blocked with the relevant Monte Titoli Account 
Holder for the purpose of obtaining Voting Certificates or appointing Proxies not later than 48 hours 
before the time fixed for the Meeting. 
6. 
Chairman 
An individual (who may, but need not, be a Noteholder) nominated in writing by the Issuer may take the 
chair at any Meeting but, if no such nomination is made or if the individual nominated is not present

--- Page 230 ---
10261197493-v5 
- 219 - 
47-41058517 
 
within 15 minutes after the time fixed for the Meeting, those present shall elect one of themselves to take 
the chair failing which, the Issuer may appoint a Chairman. The Chairman of an adjourned Meeting need 
not be the same person as was the Chairman of the original Meeting. 
7. 
Quorum 
The quorum at any Meeting shall be one or more Voters representing or holding not less than the Relevant 
Fraction of the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes. 
8. 
Adjournment for want of quorum 
If within 15 minutes after the time fixed for any Meeting a quorum is not present, then: 
(a) 
in the case of a Meeting requested by Noteholders, it shall be dissolved; and 
(b) 
in the case of any other Meeting, it shall be adjourned for such period (which shall be not less 
than 14 days and not more than 42 days) and to such place as the Chairman determines, 
provided, however, that: 
(i) 
the Meeting shall be dissolved if the Issuer so decides; and 
(ii) 
no Meeting may be adjourned more than once for want of a quorum. 
9. 
Adjourned Meeting 
The Chairman may, with the consent of (and shall if directed by) any Meeting, adjourn such Meeting 
from time to time and from place to place, but no business shall be transacted at any adjourned Meeting 
except business which might lawfully have been transacted at the Meeting from which the adjournment 
took place. 
10. 
Notice following adjournment 
Paragraph 5 (Notice) shall apply to any Meeting which is to be resumed after adjournment for want of a 
quorum save that: 
(a) 
10 days' notice (exclusive of the day on which the notice is given and of the day on which the 
Meeting is to be resumed) shall be sufficient; and 
(b) 
the notice shall specifically set out the quorum requirements which will apply when the Meeting 
resumes. 
It shall not be necessary to give notice of the resumption of a Meeting which has been adjourned for any 
other reason. 
11. 
Participation 
The following may attend and speak at a Meeting: 
(a) 
Voters; 
(b) 
representatives of the Issuer and the Paying Agent; 
(c) 
the financial advisers of the Issuer; 
(d) 
the legal counsel to the Issuer and the Paying Agent; and 
(e) 
any other person approved by the Meeting.

--- Page 231 ---
10261197493-v5 
- 220 - 
47-41058517 
 
12. 
Show of hands 
Every question submitted to a Meeting shall be decided in the first instance by a show of hands. Unless 
a poll is validly demanded before or at the time that the result is declared, the Chairman's declaration that 
on a show of hands a resolution has been passed, passed by a particular majority, rejected or rejected by 
a particular majority shall be conclusive, without proof of the number of votes cast for, or against, the 
resolution. Where there is only one Voter, this paragraph shall not apply and the resolution will 
immediately be decided by means of a poll. 
13. 
Poll 
A demand for a poll shall be valid if it is made by the Chairman, the Issuer or one or more Voters 
representing or holding not less than one fiftieth of the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding 
Notes. The poll may be taken immediately or after such adjournment as the Chairman directs, but any 
poll demanded on the election of the Chairman or on any question of adjournment shall be taken at the 
Meeting without adjournment. A valid demand for a poll shall not prevent the continuation of the relevant 
Meeting for any other business as the Chairman directs. 
14. 
Votes 
Every Voter shall have: 
(a) 
on a show of hands, one vote; and 
(b) 
on a poll, the number of votes obtained by dividing the aggregate principal amount of the 
outstanding Note(s) represented or held by him by the unit of currency in which the Notes are 
denominated. 
In the case of a voting tie the Chairman shall have a casting vote. 
Unless the terms of any Block Voting Instruction state otherwise, a Voter shall not be obliged to exercise 
all the votes to which he is entitled or to cast all the votes which he exercises in the same way. 
15. 
Validity of votes by Proxies 
Any vote by a Proxy in accordance with the relevant Block Voting Instruction shall be valid even if such 
Block Voting Instruction or any instruction pursuant to which it was given has been amended or revoked, 
provided that the Agent has not been notified in writing of such amendment or revocation by the time 
which is 48 hours before the time fixed for the relevant Meeting. Unless revoked, any appointment of a 
Proxy under a Block Voting Instruction in relation to a Meeting shall remain in force in relation to any 
resumption of such Meeting following an adjournment, provided, however, that, unless the Block 
Voting Instructions specify otherwise, no such appointment of a Proxy in relation to a Meeting originally 
convened which has been adjourned for want of a quorum shall remain in force in relation to such 
Meeting when it is resumed and any person appointed to vote at such a Meeting must be re-appointed 
under a further Block Voting Instruction to vote at the Meeting when it is resumed. 
16. 
Powers 
A Meeting shall have power (exercisable by Extraordinary Resolution), without prejudice to any other 
powers conferred on it or any other person: 
(a) 
to approve any Reserved Matter; 
(b) 
to approve any proposal by the Issuer for any modification, alteration, abrogation, variation or 
compromise of any of the Conditions or any arrangement in respect of the obligations of the 
Issuer under or in respect of the Notes; 
(c) 
to approve the substitution of any person for the Issuer (or any previous substitute) as principal 
obligor under the Notes;

--- Page 232 ---
10261197493-v5 
- 221 - 
47-41058517 
 
(d) 
to waive any breach or authorise any proposed breach by the Issuer of its obligations under or 
in respect of the Notes or any act or omission which might otherwise constitute an event of 
default under the Notes; 
(e) 
to authorise the Paying Agent or any other person to execute all documents and do all things 
necessary to give effect to any Extraordinary Resolution; 
(f) 
to give any other authorisation or approval which is required to be given by Extraordinary 
Resolution; and 
(g) 
to appoint any persons (whether Noteholders or not) as a committee to represent the interests of 
the Noteholders and to confer upon such committee any powers which the Noteholders could 
themselves exercise by Extraordinary Resolution. 
17. 
Extraordinary Resolution binds all holders 
An Extraordinary Resolution shall be binding upon all Noteholders whether or not present at such 
Meeting and each of the Noteholders shall be bound to give effect to it accordingly. Notice of the result 
of every vote on an Extraordinary Resolution shall be given to the Noteholders and the Paying Agent 
(with a copy to the Issuer) within 14 days of the conclusion of the Meeting. 
18. 
Minutes 
Minutes shall be made of all resolutions and proceedings at each Meeting. The Chairman shall sign the 
minutes, which shall be prima facie evidence of the proceedings recorded therein. Unless and until the 
contrary is proved, every such Meeting in respect of the proceedings of which minutes have been 
summarised and signed shall be deemed to have been duly convened and held and all resolutions passed 
or proceedings transacted at it to have been duly passed and transacted. 
19. 
Written Resolution 
A Written Resolution shall take effect as if it were an Extraordinary Resolution. 
20. 
General 
If and whenever the Issuer shall have issued and have outstanding Notes of more than one Series these 
Provisions for Meetings of Noteholders shall have effect subject to the following modifications: 
(1) 
a resolution which affects the Notes of only one Series shall be deemed to have been duly passed 
if passed at a separate meeting of the holders of the Notes of that Series; 
(2) 
a resolution which affects the Notes of more than one Series but does not give rise to a conflict 
of interest between the holders of Notes of any of the Series so affected shall be deemed to have 
been duly passed if passed at a single meeting of the holders of the Notes of all the Series so 
affected; 
(3) 
a resolution which affects the Notes of more than one Series and gives or may give rise to a 
conflict of interest between the holders of the Notes of one Series or group of Series so affected 
and the holders of the Notes of another Series or group of Series so affected shall be deemed to 
have been duly passed only if passed at separate meetings of the holders of the Notes of each 
Series or group of Series so affected; and 
(4) 
to all such meetings all the preceding provisions of this Annex shall mutatis mutandis apply as 
though references therein to Notes and Noteholders were references to the Notes of the Series 
or group of Series in question or to the holders of such Notes, as the case may be. 
If the Issuer shall have issued and have outstanding Notes which are not denominated in Euro or in the 
case of any meeting of holders of Notes of more than one currency the principal amount of such Notes 
shall (i) for the purposes of Paragraph 4 above be the equivalent in pounds sterling at the spot rate of a 
bank nominated by the Agent for the conversion of the relevant currency or currencies into Euro on the 
seventh dealing day prior to the day on which the requisition in writing is received by the Issuer and (ii) 
for the purposes of Paragraphs 6, 7 and 14 above (whether in respect of the meeting or any adjourned

--- Page 233 ---
10261197493-v5 
- 222 - 
47-41058517 
 
such meeting or any poll resulting therefrom) be the equivalent at such spot rate on the seventh dealing 
day prior to the day of such meeting. In such circumstances, on any poll each person present shall have 
one vote for each Euro 1 in principal amount of the Notes (converted as above) which he holds or 
represents.

--- Page 234 ---
10261197493-v5 
- 223 - 
47-41058517 
 
OVERVIEW OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE NOTES IN PHYSICAL FORM WHEN IN 
GLOBAL FORM 
Each Global Note will be in bearer form. Consequently, in relation to any Tranche of Notes represented by a 
Global Note, references in the Terms and Conditions for the Notes to "Noteholder" are references to the bearer of 
the relevant Global Note which, for so long as the Global Note is held by a depositary or a common depositary 
(in the case of a CGN) or a common safekeeper (in the case of an NGN) for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system, will be that depositary or common depositary or, as the 
case may be, common safekeeper. 
Each of the persons shown in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant 
clearing system as the holder of a particular principal amount of Notes (each an "Accountholder") (in which 
regard any certificate or other document issued by a relevant Clearing System as to the principal amount of such 
Notes standing to the account of any person shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes) must look solely to 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or such other relevant clearing system (as the case may be) for 
such Accountholder's share of each payment made by the Issuer to the bearer of such Global Note and in relation 
to all other rights arising under the Global Note. The extent to which, and the manner in which, Accountholders 
may exercise any rights arising under the Global Note will be determined by the respective rules and procedures 
of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and any other relevant clearing system from time to time. For so long 
as the relevant Notes are represented by the Global Note, Accountholders shall have no claim directly against the 
Issuer in respect of payments due under the Notes and such obligations of the Issuer will be discharged by payment 
to the bearer of the Global Note. 
Exchange of Temporary Global Notes 
Whenever any interest in a Temporary Global Note is to be exchanged for an interest in a Permanent Global Note, 
the Issuer shall procure: 
(i) 
in the case of first exchange, the prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Permanent Global 
Note, duly authenticated and (in the case of an NGN) effectuated, to the bearer of the Temporary Global 
Note; or 
(ii) 
in the case of any subsequent exchange, an increase in the principal amount of such Permanent Global 
Note in accordance with its terms, 
in each case in an aggregate principal amount equal to the aggregate of the principal amounts specified in the 
certificates issued by Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system and 
received by the Agent against presentation and (in the case of final exchange) surrender of the Temporary Global 
Note to or to the order of the Agent within 7 days of the bearer requesting such exchange. 
Whenever a Temporary Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the Issuer shall procure the prompt 
delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly authenticated and with Coupons and Talons 
attached (if so specified in the applicable Final Terms), in an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal 
amount of the Temporary Global Note to the bearer of the Temporary Global Note against the surrender of the 
Temporary Global Note to or to the order of the Agent within 30 days of the bearer requesting such exchange. 
If: 
(a) 
a Permanent Global Note has not been delivered or the principal amount thereof increased by 5.00 p.m. 
(Luxembourg time) on the seventh day after the bearer of a Temporary Global Note has requested 
exchange of an interest in the Temporary Global Note for an interest in a Permanent Global Note; or 
(b) 
Definitive Notes have not been delivered by 5.00 p.m. (Luxembourg time) on the thirtieth day after the 
bearer of a Temporary Global Note has requested exchange of the Temporary Global Note for Definitive 
Notes; or 
(c) 
a Temporary Global Note (or any part thereof) has become due and payable in accordance with the Terms 
and Conditions for the English Law Notes in Physical Form or the Terms and Conditions for the Italian 
Law Notes in Physical Form, as applicable, or the date for final redemption of a Temporary Global Note 
has occurred and, in either case, payment in full of the amount of principal falling due with all accrued 
interest thereon has not been made to the bearer of the Temporary Global Note in accordance with the 
terms of the Temporary Global Note on the due date for payment,

--- Page 235 ---
10261197493-v5 
- 224 - 
47-41058517 
 
then (i) in case of English Law Notes in Physical Form, the Temporary Global Note (including the obligation to 
deliver a Permanent Global Note or increase the principal amount thereof or deliver Definitive Notes, as the case 
may be) will become void at 5.00 p.m. (Luxembourg time) on such seventh day (in the case of (a) above) or at 
5.00 p.m. (Luxembourg time) on such thirtieth day (in the case of (b) above) or at 5.00 p.m. (Luxembourg time) 
on such due date (in the case of (c) above) and the bearer of the Temporary Global Note will have no further rights 
thereunder (but without prejudice to the rights which the bearer of the Temporary Global Note or others may have 
under a deed of covenant dated 19 July 2023 (the "Deed of Covenant") executed by the Issuer). Under the Deed 
of Covenant, persons shown in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other 
relevant clearing system as being entitled to an interest in a Temporary Global Note will acquire directly against 
the Issuer all those rights to which they would have been entitled if, immediately before the Temporary Global 
Note became void, they had been the holders of Definitive Notes in an aggregate principal amount equal to the 
principal amount of Notes they were shown as holding in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system; and (ii) in case of Italian Law Notes in Physical Form, 
from 5.00 p.m. (Luxembourg time) on such seventh day (in the case of (a) above) or at 5.00 p.m. (Luxembourg 
time) on such thirtieth day (in the case of (b) above) or at 5.00 p.m. (Luxembourg time) on such due date (in the 
case of (c) above), the bearer of the Temporary Global Note will have no further rights thereunder and each 
Accountholder will be entitled to proceed directly against the Issuer in respect of the Notes represented by that 
Temporary Global Note. 
Definitive Notes will not be printed in respect of an amount of Notes which are less than the Minimum 
Denomination. 
Exchange of Permanent Global Notes 
Whenever a Permanent Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the Issuer shall procure the prompt 
delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly authenticated and, where applicable, with 
Coupons and Talons attached (if so specified in the applicable Final Terms), in an aggregate principal amount 
equal to the principal amount of the Permanent Global Note to the bearer of the Permanent Global Note against 
the surrender of the Permanent Global Note at the Specified Office of the Agent within 30 days of the bearer 
requesting such exchange. 
If: 
(i) 
Definitive Notes have not been delivered by 5.00 p.m. (Luxembourg time) on the thirtieth day after the 
bearer of a Permanent Global Note has duly requested exchange of the Permanent Global Note for 
Definitive Notes; or 
(ii) 
a Permanent Global Note (or any part of it) has become due and payable in accordance with the Terms 
and Conditions for the Notes or the date for final redemption of the Notes has occurred and, in either 
case, payment in full of the amount of principal falling due with all accrued interest thereon has not been 
made to the bearer of the Permanent Global Note in accordance with the terms of the Permanent Global 
Note on the due date for payment, 
then (i) in case of English Law Notes in Physical Form, the Permanent Global Note (including the obligation to 
deliver Definitive Notes) will become void at 5.00 p.m. (Luxembourg time) on such thirtieth day (in the case of 
(a) above) or at 5.00 p.m. (Luxembourg time) on such due date (in the case of (b) above) and the bearer of the 
Permanent Global Note will have no further rights thereunder (but without prejudice to the rights which the bearer 
of the Permanent Global Note or others may have under the Deed of Covenant). Under the Deed of Covenant, 
persons shown in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing 
system as being entitled to an interest in a Permanent Global Note will acquire directly against the Issuer all those 
rights to which they would have been entitled if, immediately before the Permanent Global Note became void, 
they had been the holders of Definitive Notes in an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal amount of 
Notes they were shown as holding in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other 
relevant clearing system; and (ii) in case of Italian Law Notes in Physical Form, from 5.00 p.m. (Luxembourg 
time) on such thirtieth day (in the case of (a) above) or at 5.00 p.m. (Luxembourg time) on such due date (in the 
case of (b) above), the bearer of the Permanent Global Note will have no further rights thereunder and each 
Accountholder will be entitled to proceed directly against the Issuer in respect of the Notes represented by that 
Permanent Global Note. 
Definitive Notes will not be printed in respect of an amount of Notes which are less than the Minimum 
Denomination.

--- Page 236 ---
10261197493-v5 
- 225 - 
47-41058517 
 
Conditions applicable to Global Notes 
Each Global Note will contain provisions which modify the Terms and Conditions for the English Law Notes in 
Physical Form and the Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes in Physical Form as they apply to the 
Global Note. The following is a summary of certain of those provisions: 
Payments 
All payments in respect of the Global Note will be made through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg against 
presentation and (in the case of payment of principal in full with all interest accrued thereon) surrender of the 
Global Note to or to the order of any Paying Agent and will be effective to satisfy and discharge the corresponding 
liabilities of the Issuer in respect of the Notes. On each occasion on which a payment of principal or interest is 
made in respect of the Global Note, the Issuer shall procure that, in respect of a CGN, the payment is noted on a 
schedule thereto and, in respect of an NGN, the payment is entered pro rata in the records of Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Payments on Business Days 
Notwithstanding the definition of "Payment Business Day" in Condition 4 (Definitions) of the Terms and 
Conditions for the English Law Notes in Physical Form and Condition 5 (Definitions) of the Terms and Conditions 
for the Italian Law Notes in Physical Form, while all the Notes are represented by a Permanent Global Note (or 
by a Permanent Global Note and/or a Temporary Global Note) and the Permanent Global Note is (or the 
Permanent Global Note and/or the Temporary Global Note are) deposited with a depositary or a common 
depositary for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system, "Payment 
Business Day" means: 
(a) 
if the currency of payment is Euro, any day which is a TARGET Settlement Day and a day on which 
dealings in foreign currencies may be carried on in each (if any) Additional Financial Centre; or 
(b) 
if the currency of payment is not Euro, any day which is a day on which dealings in foreign currencies 
may be carried on in the Principal Financial Centre of the currency of payment and in each (if any) 
Additional Financial Centre. 
Notices 
Notwithstanding Condition 16 (Notices) of the Terms and Conditions for the English Law Notes in Physical Form 
and Condition 20 (Notices) of the Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes in Physical Form, while all the 
Notes are represented by a Permanent Global Note (or by a Permanent Global Note and/or a Temporary Global 
Note) and the Permanent Global Note is (or the Permanent Global Note and/or the Temporary Global Note are) 
deposited with a depositary or a common depositary for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any 
other relevant clearing system or a common safekeeper, notices to Noteholders may be given by delivery of the 
relevant notice to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system for 
communication to the relevant Accountholders (as defined below) rather than by publication as required by 
Condition 16 (Notices) of the Terms and Conditions for the English Law Notes in Physical Form and Condition 
20 (Notices) of the Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes in Physical Form, provided, however, that so 
long as the Notes are admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and the rules of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange so require, such notices will also be published in a leading newspaper having general circulation 
in Luxembourg or be published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com). Any notice 
delivered to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system shall be deemed 
to have been given to Noteholders on the date on which such notice is delivered to the relevant Clearing System. 
Exercise of Put Option 
In order to exercise the option contained in Condition 11.9 (Redemption at the Option of Noteholders) of the 
Terms and Conditions for the English Law Notes in Physical Form and Condition 15.11 (Redemption at the Option 
of Noteholders) of the Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes in Physical Form, the bearer of the 
Permanent Global Note must, within the period specified in the Conditions for the deposit of the relevant Note 
and Put Option Notice, give written notice (which, for the avoidance of doubt, may be sent in electronic form) of 
such exercise to the Agent specifying the principal amount of Notes in respect of which such option is being 
exercised. Any such notice will be irrevocable and may not be withdrawn. The exercise of the put option shall be 
effected via Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg.

--- Page 237 ---
10261197493-v5 
- 226 - 
47-41058517 
 
Partial exercise of Call Option 
In connection with an exercise of the option contained in Condition 11.4 (Redemption at the Option of the Issuer) 
of the Terms and Conditions for the English Law Notes in Physical Form and Condition 15.5 (Redemption at the 
Option of the Issuer) of the Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes in Physical Form in relation to some 
only of the Notes, the Permanent Global Note may be redeemed in part in the principal amount specified by the 
Issuer in accordance with the Conditions and the Notes to be redeemed will not be selected as provided in the 
Conditions but in accordance with the rules and procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (to be 
reflected in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, at their discretion, as either a pool factor or a 
reduction in principal amount). 
Purchase and Cancellation 
Cancellation of any Note to be cancelled following its purchase by the Issuer will be effected by a reduction in 
the principal amount of the relevant Global Note. 
Prescription 
Claims against the Issuer in respect of principal, premium and interest on the Notes while the Notes are represented 
by the Permanent Global Note will become void unless it is presented for payment within a period of 10 years (in 
the case of principal) and 5 years (in the case of interest) from the appropriate Relevant Date (as defined in 
Condition 4 (Definitions) of the Terms and Conditions for the English Law Notes in Physical Form and Condition 
5 (Definitions) of the Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes in Physical Form).

--- Page 238 ---
10261197493-v5 
- 227 - 
47-41058517 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds of the issue of each Tranche of Notes will be used for the general corporate purposes of the 
Group. If, in respect of any particular issue, a particular use of proceeds is identified, this will be specified in the 
applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 239 ---
10261197493-v5 
- 228 - 
47-41058517 
 
SELECTED FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
The following tables contain consolidated statement of financial position and income statement information of 
the Issuer as of and for the years ended 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2021, derived from the Issuer's 
audited consolidated annual financial statements as of and for the year ended 31 December 2022. 
This information should be read in conjunction with, and is qualified in its entirety by, reference to the Issuer's 
audited consolidated annual financial statements as of and for the years ended 31 December 2022 and 31 
December 2021 in each case together with the accompanying notes and the independent auditors' reports (as 
appropriate), all of which are incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus, as well as the information included 
in "Presentation of Financial Information". See "Information Incorporated by Reference".  
Copies of the above-mentioned consolidated financial statements of the Issuer are available as described in 
"Information Incorporated by Reference".

--- Page 240 ---
10261197493-v5 
- 229 - 
47-41058517 
 
BANCA IFIS S.p.A. 
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION 
Assets 
 
 
(in thousands of Euro) 
31 December 
2022 
31 December 
2021 
Cash and cash equivalents 
603,134 
355,381 
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss 
222,088 
153,138 
a) financial assets held for trading 
26,868 
8,478 
c) other financial assets mandatorily measured at fair 
value 
 
195,220 
144,660 
Financial assets measured at fair value through other 
comprehensive income 
 
697,611 
614,013 
Financial assets measured at amortised cost 
10,752,694 
10,856,795 
a) receivables due from banks 
565,762 
524,991 
b) receivables due from customers 
10,186,932 
10,331,804 
Property, plant and equipment 
126,341 
120,256 
Intangible assets 
64,264 
61,607 
of which: 
 
 
- goodwill 
38,020 
38,794 
Tax assets: 
325,181 
329,674 
a) current 
60,924 
45,548 
b) deferred 
264,257 
284,126 
Other assets 
471,064 
487,027 
Total assets 
13,262,377 
12,977,891  
 
 
Liabilities and equity 
 
 
(in thousands of Euro) 
31 December 
2022 
31 December 
2021 
Financial liabilities measured at amortised cost 
11,130,698 
10,786,588  
a) payables due to banks 
3,422,160 
2,597,965 
b) payables due to customers 
5,103,343 
5,683,745 
c) debt securities issued 
2,605,195 
2,504,878 
Financial liabilities held for trading 
25,982 
5,992 
Tax liabilities: 
52,298 
49,154 
a) current 
21,961 
16,699 
b) deferred 
30,337 
32,455 
Other liabilities 
391,697 
436,107 
Post-employment benefits 
7,696 
9,337 
Provisions for risks and charges 
56,225 
66,825 
a) commitments and guarantees granted 
9,364 
11,938 
c) other provisions for risks and charges 
46,861 
54,887 
Valuation reserves 
(59,722) 
(25,435) 
Reserves 
1,440,944 
1,367,019 
Share premiums 
83,767 
102,972 
Share capital 
53,811 
53,811 
Interim dividends(-) 
(52,433) 
- 
Treasury shares (-) 
(22,104) 
(2,847) 
Equity attributable to non-controlling interests (+ / -) 
12,432 
27,786 
Profit (loss) for the year (+/-) 
141,086 
100,582 
Total liabilities and equity 
13,262,377 
12,977,891

--- Page 241 ---
10261197493-v5 
- 230 - 
47-41058517 
 
BANCA IFIS S.p.A. 
CONSOLIDATED INCOME STATEMENT 
(in thousands of Euro) 
Year ended 
31 December 
2022 
Year ended 
31 December 
2021 
Interest receivable and similar income 
529,098 
479,620 
of which: interest income calculated using the effective 
interest method 
524,193 
463,546 
Interest due and similar expenses 
(114,233) 
(114,146) 
Net interest income 
414,865 
365,474 
Commission income 
106,494 
98,555 
Commission expense 
(12,981) 
(15,273) 
Net commission income 
93,513 
83,282 
Dividends and similar income 
9,851 
7,498 
Net profit (loss) from trading 
627 
(1,221) 
Profit (loss) on sale or buyback of: 
15,188 
13,942 
a) financial assets measured at amortised cost 
15,245 
9,096 
b) financial assets at fair value through other 
comprehensive income 
(88) 
4,938 
c) financial liabilities 
31 
(92) 
Net result of other financial assets and liabilities at fair value 
through profit or loss 
12,705 
11,047 
b) other financial assets mandatorily measured at fair 
value 
12,705 
11,047 
Net banking income  
546,749 
480,022 
Net credit risk losses/reversals on: 
54,300 
45,338 
a) financial assets measured at amortised cost 
55,132 
45,370 
b) financial assets at fair value through other 
comprehensive income 
(832) 
(32) 
Net profit (loss) from financial activities 
601,049 
525,360 
Administrative expenses: 
(393,255) 
(373,606) 
a) personnel expenses 
(150,834) 
(141,781) 
b) other administrative expenses 
(242,421) 
(231,825) 
Net allocations to provisions for risks and charges 
1,583 
(10,669) 
a) commitments and guarantees granted 
940 
(2,633) 
b) other net allocations 
643 
(8,036) 
Net impairment losses/reversals on property, plant and 
equipment  
(9,495) 
(10,288) 
Net impairment losses/reversals on intangible assets  
(7,420) 
(8,445) 
Other operating income/expenses 
19,792 
27,522 
Operating costs 
(388,795) 
(375,486) 
Value adjustments of goodwill 
(762) 
-  
Gains (Losses) on disposal of investments 
304 
-  
Pre-tax profit (loss) from continuing operations  
211,796 
149,874 
Income taxes for the year relating to current operations 
(69,909) 
(47,571) 
Profit (Loss) for the year 
141,887 
102,303 
Profit (Loss) for the year attributable to non-controlling 
interests 
(801) 
(1,721) 
Profit (loss) for the year attributable to the Parent 
company 
141,086 
100,582

--- Page 242 ---
10261197493-v5 
- 231 - 
47-41058517 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER 
Overview 
Banca Ifis S.p.A. ("Banca Ifis", the "Issuer", the "Company" or the "Bank") is an independent bank incorporated 
on 5 August 1983 as a company limited by shares (società per azioni) in Italy in accordance with the provisions 
of the Italian Civil Code, with a duration until 31 December 2050 and is listed on the STAR segment of the 
Mercato Telematico Azionario organised and managed by Borsa Italiana S.p.A. (ticker symbol IF:IM), with a 
market capitalisation of approximately €788.87 million as of 30 June 2023. 
The group comprising Banca Ifis and its consolidated subsidiaries (the "Group") operates mainly in Italy, but 
also in Poland and Romania, in various specialty banking sectors: private corporate and public administration 
receivable factoring, purchase and collection of tax receivables, medium-long term financing and structured 
finance for companies, operating and financial leases, salary- and pension-backed loans and non-performing loan 
("NPL") management.  
Banca Ifis' operating segments used to fully implement the Group's business model and to analyse the Group's 
results are as follows: 
• 
the so-called "Commercial & Corporate Banking Segment" representing the commercial offer of the Group 
dedicated to companies and also dedicated to providing salary-backed loans through the assignment of 
one-fifth of salaries or pensions, consisting of the "Business Factoring", "Leasing" and "Corporate Banking 
& Lending" areas (the "Commercial & Corporate Banking Segment"); 
• 
the so-called "NPL Segment" dedicated to non-recourse acquisition and managing distressed loans, 
servicing and managing non-performing, secured loans (the "NPL Segment"); and 
• 
the so-called "Governance & Services and Non-Core Segment" providing the other Bank's segments 
operating in the Group's core businesses with the financial resources and services necessary to perform 
their respective activities and including treasury and proprietary securities desk activities, as well as some 
corporate loans portfolio assigned for run-off insofar as held to be non-strategic to the Group's growth (the 
"Governance & Services and Non-Core Segment"). 
The Group has adopted simple and highly centralised organisational models, allowing it to run individual 
businesses through local networks and channels (e.g., agents, call centres and external collection servicers), rather 
than conventional branches. The Group bases its strategy and related implementing actions on three main pillars 
which have historically driven its activity: risk-adjusted profitability, liquidity management and capital 
preservation. 
For an overview of the business segments as well as the Group's consolidated net banking income and net profit 
(loss) from financial activities for the Group's core business segments, refer to "Description of the Issuer—
Business Segments: financial data and overview". 
The Issuer has its registered office at Via Terraglio, 63, Mestre – Venice, Italy (telephone number +39 041 
5027511) and is registered with the Companies' Register of Venice under registration number and fiscal code 
02505630109. The Issuer is registered with the National Register of Banks under registration number 5508 and is 
the parent company of the Group. The Group is registered with the Register of Banking Groups held by the Bank 
of Italy pursuant to Article 64 of the Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993 as amended (the "Italian 
Banking Act") under number 5508. The Bank's website is www.bancaifis.it. 
On 28 April 2023, Fitch Rating Inc. confirmed its Long-term Issuer Default Rating (IDR) of BB+, outlook stable. 
On 9 February 2022, Moody's assigned a Long-term Issuer and Senior unsecured Debt Rating of Baa3, outlook 
stable. 
The fully subscribed and paid-up capital of the Issuer as of 31 December 2022 amounts to €53,811,095. Since 31 
December 2022 there has been no change to the Issuer's share capital. 
History and Development  
Banca Ifis was established in Genoa on 5 August 1983 by Sebastien Egon Fürstenberg, the current Chairman of 
the Issuer's Board of Directors. Since 1999 it has grown in Italy and in 2006 it entered the Polish market, opening 
several new branches. In 2002, the Issuer was transformed into a bank after obtaining from the Bank of Italy a 
licence to carry on banking activities and it became a member of Factors Chain International, a global organisation 
of independent factoring companies.

--- Page 243 ---
10261197493-v5 
- 232 - 
47-41058517 
 
In 2004, Banca Ifis was admitted to the STAR segment of the Mercato Telematico Azionario organised and 
managed by Borsa Italiana S.p.A. (the Italian Stock Exchange). In July 2006, the Group entered into the Polish 
market through the acquisition of Fidis Faktoring Polska, a Polish operator providing factoring services to Fiat 
Group's production factories in Poland.  
In 2008, Banca Ifis started its drive to diversify its funding sources, including through "Rendimax", its online 
deposit account, which was followed in 2013 by the introduction of the free on-line retail bank account 
"Contomax". Since 2009, Banca Ifis has been evolving from being a bank specialised in factoring to a relationship-
based bank, focusing on offering financial support and responding to the service needs of small and medium-sized 
enterprises ("SMEs") through direct relationships and turnkey offerings to entrepreneurs. 
In July 2010, a fully subscribed capital increase of €50 million was carried out in order to support the Group's 
increased lending volumes and the development of its activities as well as to strengthen its Core Tier 1 ratio in 
response to stricter capital adequacy rules established by the Bank of Italy, as supervising authority. 
With the aim of implementing its strategy to expand the breadth of its product offerings, in May 2011, Banca Ifis 
acquired control of Toscana Finanza, a company operating in the acquisition and management of non-performing 
loans and trade and tax receivables, through a voluntary tender offer and at the end of 2011 Toscana Finanza was 
merged into the Issuer. As a result of the acquisition of Toscana Finanza, the Group entered the management and 
collection of non-performing loans, a business sector considered particularly important given both the significant 
amount of trade receivables potentially purchasable and current economic trends. 
On 30 November 2016, Banca Ifis acquired the control of Interbanca S.p.A. and its subsidiaries (together, the 
"Interbanca Group"), allowing the Group to expand into certain business areas of lending, specialty finance and 
leasing (the "Acquisition"). 
After the successful integration of the Interbanca Group, which was made again profitable six months after the 
Acquisition, completed with the merger by incorporation of, respectively, Interbanca S.p.A. (October 2017) and 
Ifis Leasing S.p.A. (May 2018), in 2018 the Banca Ifis Group finalised both the acquisition of, respectively, 
Cap.Ital.Fin. S.p.A, specialised company in salary- or pension-backed loans, on 2 February 2018, and 70% 
interest of Credifarma S.p.A, a company specialised in finance to Italian pharmacies, on 2 July 2018. 
In July 2018, Banca Ifis also completed the spin-off of its NPL Area into Ifis Npl S.p.A., a company wholly 
owned by Banca Ifis and therefore included in the Group's scope that gathers all activities regarding the purchase, 
the management and the disposal of positions, within the limits of Banca Ifis' business model, of non-performing 
loans. 
On 7 January 2019, the Group completed the acquisition of control of the FBS Group (including FBS S.p.A. and 
FBS Real Estate S.p.A.), giving rise to the first integrated platform for investment and asset management services 
in the Italian NPL market and on 30 October 2019 completed the acquisition of the remaining 10% interest held 
by minority shareholders and became the sole shareholder of FBS S.p.A. (now Ifis Npl Servicing S.p.A.). 
On 1 June 2020, Banca Ifis announced that it acquired 70.77% of the share capital of Farbanca S.p.A., previously 
owned by Banca Popolare di Vicenza in compulsory administrative liquidation. The remaining 29.23% of the 
share capital is held by 450 small shareholders, mainly pharmacists. With the integration of the complementary 
assets and the positioning of Credifarma S.p.A. and Farbanca S.p.A., Banca Ifis became a leading operator in the 
sector of financing for pharmacies at the European level. 
In July 2020, Banca Ifis entered the German savings market with the launch of a partnership with the German 
fintech Raisin Bank AG, allowing customers on Raisin Bank AG's German platform WeltSparen to choose Banca 
Iifis' deposit products. As a consequence of such partnership, Banca Ifis will expand the customer base of savers, 
further strengthening its liquidity ratios using leading infrastructure in European banking, as well as expanding its 
funding to include foreign markets with the new channels created by Raisin Bank AG. 
On 23 May 2021, Banca Ifis purchased, for a symbolic purchase price equal to 1 Euro, an operative business unit 
from Aigis Banca S.p.A. ("Aigis Banca"), in the context of an intervention aimed at guaranteeing the depositors 
of Aigis Banca, placed in receivership by the Ministry for the Economy and Finance as a consequence of its 
exposure towards Greensill Bank AG, insolvent since March 2021. The scope of the acquisition mainly comprised 
medium/long-term loans to SMEs, factoring agreements, government securities, deposits (including those of retail 
customers) and Aigis Banca's staff. On the other hand, have been excluded from the scope of the acquisition the 
securities related to Greensill Bank AG, the subordinate bond loan issued by Aigis Banca and some other 
agreements considered not functional to the transaction. The purchased assets amount to approximately 5% of the 
Group's total asset as of 31 December 2020.

--- Page 244 ---
10261197493-v5 
- 233 - 
47-41058517 
 
On 18 June 2021, La Scogliera S.p.A., the majority shareholding in the Issuer, representing 50.5 per cent. of its 
share capital, notified the Issuer that its shareholders' meeting approved the transfer of the holding company's 
office to the canton of Vaud (Lausanne). On 27 December 2021 the transfer of the registered office of the parent 
company La Scogliera S.p.A. to Switzerland was acknowledged, thus leading to the deconsolidation for regulatory 
purposes of the parent company. 
On 11 April 2022, the merger by incorporation of Credifarma S.p.A. into Farbanca S.p.A., approved by the Bank 
of Italy on 21 February 2022, has been completed and resulted into Banca Credifarma S.p.A., the first leading, 
specialised entity providing financial services to pharmacies.  
Banca Ifis promotes a culture of business sustainability amongst SMEs, with dedicated periodic research and 
analyses. In fact, with Kaleidos Impact Watch, a half-year observatory with a focus on the corporate sector, Banca 
Ifis has created an ad hoc index to measure the intensity of SMEs' investment in sustainability. On September 
2022 Banca Ifis announced its 2030 emission reduction targets for the Net – Zero Banking Alliance (NZBA), the 
initiative promoted by the United Nations to accelerate the sustainable transition of the international banking 
sector. 
Key Competitive Strengths  
The Issuer believes that its competitive strengths lie in the following key factors. 
Independent leader in the Italian market for trade receivables 
The Group is the leading independent player in the Italian trade receivables market6 and a leading independent 
provider of finance to Italian SMEs, with core activities in receivable financing, leasing and corporate lending. 
As for support to businesses, the Group responds to customer needs with a diversified and structured Commercial 
and Corporate Banking offering, which encompasses factoring, financial leasing, operating leasing, advisory 
services for corporate acquisitions, M&A, equity investments and secured or unsecured medium and long-term 
loans, intended for industrial investments; we also specialise in the management and purchase of tax receivables, 
through the business unit Fastfinance. 
With trade receivables financing, the Group finances mainly small or micro companies encountering difficulties 
in obtaining funding from the traditional banking system. In Italy, large banking groups usually offer factoring 
services to their large customers to help them manage their smaller customers. This translates into a much more 
concentrated number of counterparties for the factoring units of such banking groups, whereas credit management 
service is very important vis-à-vis the credit and financial component. Consequently, the Issuer believes that the 
marginality of large banking groups in the trade receivable factoring business tends to be lower than Banca Ifis' 
marginality, which is accustomed to dealing with a much higher number of corporate clients, providing them with 
liquidity and offering them services with a higher credit/financial component. 
The Group is also among the main players in financing receivables due from public administration entities 
(especially in the pharma business through Banca Credifarma S.p.A.) and tax receivables (arising mainly from 
insolvency proceedings). 
The Group is one of the leaders in the NPL market 
The Issuer operates in the NPL market since 2011 and is a leading Italian investor in the unsecured consumer and 
retail non-performing loans market with €25.4 billion7 managed assets and is the sixth player in Italy in terms of 
assets under management, of which €23.1 billion of proprietary portfolio as of 31 December 2022. 
The Issuer operates as a primary investor and owns one of the best active servicers nationwide, with proprietary 
and third-party debt collection management platforms. The Issuer's main competitive advantage arises from the 
combination of purchasing capacity and NPL portfolio management, with a proprietary database of over 1.5 
million of debtors. Since 2018, Banca Ifis has purchased over €16 billion of non-performing loans by nominal 
amount8. Leveraging on its integrated collection platform (call centres, exclusive agents, external collection 
servicers, a legal centre), the Group can assess and determine the collection times of purchased receivables, be a 
 
6 Source: Assifact data at March 2023. Banca Ifis is 5th in turnover ranking, 4th in outstanding ranking. 
7 Source: Banca Ifis management accounting data. 
8 Source: Banca Ifis management accounting data.

--- Page 245 ---
10261197493-v5 
- 234 - 
47-41058517 
 
competitive bidder and, as a result, achieve significant collection rates, while keeping a fair approach in the debt 
recovery. 
Consistent and solid growth 
The Group's activity has grown consistently over recent years: net loans to customers have grown from €7,314.0 
million at the end of 2018 to, respectively, €7,651.2 million at the end of 2019, €9,135.4 million at the end of 
2020, €10,331.8 million at the end of 2021 and €10,186.9 million at the end of 2022.  
Net banking income increased from €576.5 million in 2018 to €558.3 million at the end of 2019 and then 
decreasing to €467.8 million due to Covid-19 impact to as of 31 December 2020 and then increased to €599.9 
million as at 31 December 2021. As of 31 December 2022, net banking income9 increased and was equal to €680.5 
million, up 13.4 per cent. compared to 2021. 
Excellent asset quality underpinned by conservative provisioning 
In the private corporate business (business-to-business) the Group is typically involved in acquiring receivables 
with recourse to the assignor. 
Customers of the Group's SME clients tend to be large companies with good credit standing. The Issuer believes 
that the low levels of delinquencies experienced by the Group are connected mainly to the quality of lessees, but 
also to the thorough credit process requiring analyses of the credit of the customer as assignor and of the legal 
nature and terms and conditions of the receivables. 
The coverage ratio on gross bad loans was equal to 73.2 per cent. as of 31 December 2021 and 72.0 per cent. as 
of 31 December 2022 in the Commercial & Corporate Banking Segment and in particular 77.9 per cent., 32.8 per 
cent. and 94.6 per cent., respectively, for the business areas of "Business Factoring", "Corporate Banking & 
Lending" and "Leasing" as of 31 December 2022 (respectively 75.2 per cent., 34.6 per cent. and 96.5 per cent., as 
of 31 December 2021). 
High profitability 
The Group's return on equity was 8.8 per cent. in 2022 (6.5 per cent. as of December 2021) and the Cost/Income 
ratio of the Group was approximately 57.4 per cent. as of 31 December 2022 (60.8 per cent. as of 31 December 
2021). 
Strong capital position 
The Group's capital ratios are significantly higher than the minimum levels required under European Union and 
Italian laws and regulations: as of December 2022 Tier 1 capital ratio and Total Own Funds Capital ratio 
respectively of 15.01 per cent. and 18.82 per cent (15.44 per cent. and 19.63 per cent. as of 31 December 2021). 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Group's capital ratios allow it to comply also with the new requirements 
imposed by the Bank of Italy (SREP), notified as of 23 May 2022 received at the conclusion of the prudential 
review and evaluation process performed on the Group. The capital requirements identified as of December 2022, 
including the Target of Pillar 2 Guidance of 0.75 per cent are as follows:  
• 
Common Equity Tier 1 ratio of 8.65 per cent.; 
• 
Tier 1 capital ratio of 10.50 per cent.; and  
• 
Total Capital ratio of 12.90 per cent..  
Business Strategy 
The main goal of Banca Ifis is to increase the Issuer's sustainable profit in order to further improve financial 
solidity, fund growth in business and provide shareholders with attractive returns by distributing dividends. 
 
9 
Net value adjustments on receivables of the NPL segment were reclassified to Interest receivable and similar income to 
present more fairly this particular business, for which net value adjustments represent an integral part of the return on the 
investment.

--- Page 246 ---
10261197493-v5 
- 235 - 
47-41058517 
 
Banca Ifis has defined a strategy for the next three years based on four pillars: digitisation, openness to business 
partnerships, efficiency and sustainability.  
An increasingly Digital bank. The Issuer has invested in developing a proprietary IT architecture that can support 
transformation at low cost, providing modularity and flexibility and rapid time-to-market. Over the next three 
years, the Issuer plans to invest in a dedicated team for the bank's digital transformation. In the Corporate and 
Commercial Banking segment, these investments will lead, by 2024, to a significant increase of customer 
acquisition through digital channels (over 40% compared to 25% currently), to having over 90% of disbursements 
completed in less than 3 days, and to a reduction in average response time: within 24 hours compared to around 
12 days currently, offering a full digital relationship with the customer. In the Npl Sector, a multi-channel contact 
strategy, the use of robotics and modern analytics tools will be implemented to speed up collection processes with 
the aim of reducing by 30% the onboarding time of newly acquired NPL portfolios and manage more than 20 per 
cent of volumes digitally and centrally.  
Openness to strategic business partnerships to seize new opportunities. The Issuer aims to open up to new strategic 
partnerships with specialist partners to reduce complexity and keep fixed costs down. In 2022, the Issuer entered 
into agreements with Banca Generali to distribute the Issuer's portfolio banking products such as SME loans. Over 
the next three-year period, the aim is to expand existing agreements towards new solutions and other customer 
segments (e.g., digital leasing and private hire) while launching new partnerships with industrial and banking 
partners. On the NPL front, the strategy aims to lead to the evaluation of forward flow agreements to improve the 
stability of NPL purchases, the sharing of the investment with co-investors to mitigate the impact of calendar 
provisioning, but also partnerships with servicers specialised in "non-core segments" (e.g., big ticket) to optimise 
collection and keep fixed costs down. The impact of calendar provisioning will be managed through co-investment 
with players who have common objectives with those of Banca Ifis and the implementation of efficient collection 
strategies.  
Cost Effective without compromising investment. Rigorous cost management will aim to offset a substantial 
proportion of investments that serve digital transformation. The main investments will be in digitisation, the Bank-
as-a-platform efficiency and process automation in both the Commercial & Corporate Banking and NPL segments. 
Administrative expenses will be optimised through a new centralised procurement function, the renegotiation of 
contracts, the synergies between newly acquired companies (Farbanca, former Aigis Banca), greater effectiveness 
in the collection of NPLS through low-cost channels as well as more selective legal actions. Digitising, automating 
and redesigning processes aim to enable investment in training and upskilling employees to take on higher value-
added activities. A hiring plan for 200 resources of which 150 young people is planned over the three-year period.  
Sustainability. The Social Impact Lab has been established generating a positive tangible impact on all 
stakeholders is one of the objectives of the sustainability plan, consistent with the 17 United Nations Sustainable 
Development Goals and fully integrated with the business plan. Numerous initiatives have already been launched 
in the ESG area.  
• 
Environment: by joining the Net-Zero Banking Alliance, the United Nations initiative aimed at 
accelerating the sustainable transition of the banking sector, Banca Ifis has committed to achieving zero 
net emissions from its loan portfolio by 2050, and to set interim targets on priority, emissions-intensive 
sectors by 2030. In order to support the energy transition of small and medium-sized enterprises, the 
Issuer has launched the "Change PMI" project, which provides for the offer of dedicated products and 
services, such as subsidised loans and scoring services on the ESG performance of customers. 
• 
Social: Banca Ifis has established a Social Impact Lab focused on three areas - culture, community and 
health - to develop and promote projects that have a social impact both within and outside the company. 
In the NPL segment, the Issuer will further strengthen its ethical and sustainable collection model to 
facilitate the financial re-inclusion of individuals and families. 
• 
Governance: a Sustainability Committee has been created, chaired by Bank's Vice Chairman Ernesto 
Fürstenberg Fassio, to support strategic direction and define the most relevant projects, ensuring the 
monitoring of achievement of results. Banca Ifis has also obtained an "A" rating from the company MSCI 
and is now pursuing the objective of improving its positioning. 
• 
People: Banca Ifis boasts a dynamic, young and qualified team of people: the average age is under 40 
and 54 per cent. of employees are women. The Issuer is characterised by a leadership team composition, 
in terms of gender parity, that is a record in the banking sector. 
Shareholders and Share Capital 
Share capital

--- Page 247 ---
10261197493-v5 
- 236 - 
47-41058517 
 
As of 31 December 2022, the Issuer had a share capital of €53,811,095, fully paid up, represented by 53,811,095 
shares with a par value of €1.00 each. Since 31 December 2022, there has been no change to the Issuer's share 
capital. Ernesto Furstenberg Fassio holds through La Scogliera S.p.A. a majority shareholding in the Issuer, 
representing 50.5 per cent. of its share capital. 
Shareholders 
As of 31 December 2022, based on communications pursuant to Article 120 of Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 
February 1998, as amended, persons shown in the table below possess, directly or indirectly, shares with voting 
rights representing more than 3 per cent.10 of share capital: 
Declarant 
Direct Shareholder 
Percentage of 
voting rights 
 
 
 
Fürstenberg Fassio Ernesto ............................................................... 
La Scogliera S.p.A. 
50.50 
Preve Riccardo(*) ............................................................................... 
 
3.1 
Market  .............................................................................................. 
 
43.9 
(*) of which 2.8% through Preve Costruzioni S.p.A. 
 
 
As of 31 December 2022, the Issuer holds treasury shares equal to 2.6 per cent. of its share capital and voting 
rights. 
La Scogliera S.p.A., which directly controls the Issuer, does not perform any management and coordination 
activity on the Issuer. Italian corporate governance rules are designed to prevent the risk of abusive exercise of 
control of controlling shareholders. 
Group Structure and Subsidiaries  
As of 31 December 2022 the Group is composed of the parent company, Banca Ifis, the wholly-owned subsidiaries 
Ifis Finance Sp. z o.o., Ifis Rental Services S.r.l., Ifis Npl Investing S.p.A. (formerly Ifis Npl S.p.A.), Cap.Ital.Fin. 
S.p.A. and Ifis Npl Servicing S.p.A. (formerly Gemini S.p.A.) whose shares are wholly-owned by Ifis Npl 
Investing S.p.A., the 99.99 per cent., subsidiary Ifis Finance IFN S.A., the 87.74 per cent. subsidiary Banca 
Credifarma S.p.A. (as resulted by the merger by incorporation of Credifarma S.p.A. into Farbanca S.p.A.), and 
the 51 per cent. vehicle Ifis Npl 2021-1 SPV S.r.l.  
Name of the company 
Registered office 
Head office 
Type(1) 
Investment 
 
Held by 
Share 
Voting 
rights(2) 
Ifis Finance Sp. z o. o. 
Warsaw 
Warsaw 
1 
Banca Ifis S.p.A. 
100% 
100% 
Ifis Rental Services S.r.l. 
Milan 
Milan 
1 
Banca Ifis S.p.A. 
100% 
100% 
Ifis Npl Investing S.p.A. 
(formerly Ifis Npl S.p.A.) 
Florence, Milan and 
Mestre (VE) 
Mestre (VE) 
1 
Banca Ifis S.p.A. 
100% 
100% 
Cap.Ital.Fin. S.p.A. 
Naples 
Naples 
1 
Banca Ifis S.p.A. 
100% 
100% 
Ifis Npl Servicing S.p.A. 
(formerly Gemini S.p.A.) 
Mestre (VE) 
Mestre (VE) 
1 
Ifis Npl Investing 
S.p.A. 
100% 
100% 
Ifis Finance I.F.N S.A. 
Bucharest 
Bucharest 
1 
Banca Ifis S.p.A. 
99.99% 
99.99% 
Banca Credifarma S.p.A.  
Rome 
Rome 
1 
Banca Ifis S.p.A. 
87.74% 
87.74% 
Ifis Npl 2021-1 SPV S.r.l. 
Conegliano (TV) 
Conegliano (TV) 
1 
Banca Ifis S.p.A. 
51% 
51% 
Indigo Lease S.r.l. 
Conegliano (TV) 
Conegliano (TV) 
4 
Other 
0% 
0% 
Ifis ABCP Programme S.r.l. 
Conegliano (TV) 
Conegliano (TV) 
4 
Other 
0% 
0% 
Emma SPV S.r.l. 
Conegliano (TV) 
Conegliano (TV) 
4 
Other 
0% 
0% 
__________ 
(1) Type of relationship: 
1 = majority of voting rights in the Annual Shareholders' Meeting 
2 = dominant influence in the Annual Shareholders' Meeting 
3 = agreements with other shareholders  
4 = other forms of control  
5 = exclusive control as per article 26, paragraph 1, of Legislative Decree no. 87/92 
6 = exclusive control as per article 26, paragraph 2, of Legislative Decree no. 87/92 
 
10 
Following the enactment of Legislative Decree no. 25/2016 of 15 February 2016, the threshold at which it is required to 
report to the market all significant equity interests held in companies with listed shares has been raised from 2 per cent. 
to 3 per cent.

--- Page 248 ---
10261197493-v5 
- 237 - 
47-41058517 
 
(2) Voting rights in the Annual Shareholders' Meeting, distinguishing between effective and potential voting rights. 
Business Segments: financial data and overview 
The following table shows the consolidated net banking income and net profit (loss) from financial activities of 
the Group by core business segments for the financial years ended on, respectively, 31 December 2021 and 31 
December 2022. 
Income Statement Data 
(in thousands of Euro, except for 
percentages) 
Commercial & 
Corporate 
Banking 
Segment 
NPL Segment 
(formerly 
NPL)(1) 
Governance & 
Services and 
Non-Core 
Segment  
Cons. Group 
Total 
Net banking income 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Amounts at 31.12.2022 (unaudited) 
318,444 
284,297 
77,806 
680,547  
Amounts at 31.12.2021 (unaudited) 
282,684 
257,557 
59,697 
599,938  
% Change 
12.7% 
10.4% 
30.3% 
13.4% 
Net profit (loss) from financial activities 
 
 
 
 
Amounts at 31.12.2022 (unaudited) 
269,938 
262,600 
70,494 
603,032 
Amounts at 31.12.2021 (unaudited) 
237,131 
239,562 
46,034 
522,727 
% Change 
13.8%  
9.6 % 
53.1 % 
15.4 % 
(1) 
Net impairment losses on NPL receivables were reclassified to Interest receivable and similar income to present more fairly this 
business, for which net impairment losses represent an integral part of the return on the investment. 
Commercial & Corporate Banking Segment 
The Commercial & Corporate Banking Segment includes the following business areas:  
• 
Business Factoring: area dedicated to supporting the trade credit of SMEs operating on the domestic 
market, which develop towards export, or which from export, turn to Italian customers; it also includes 
an organisational unit dedicated to supporting trade credit of suppliers of the local health authorities and 
an organisational unit specialised in the acquisition of tax receivables transferred from bankruptcy 
proceedings, which operates under the Fast Finance brand. This unit acquires tax receivables, accrued 
and accruing, already requested for reimbursement, or future, arising from proceedings or in previous 
years.  
• 
Leasing: area that provides finance and operating leases - but not real estate leases, as the Group does 
not offer them - to small economic operators and SMEs.  
• 
Corporate Banking & Lending: a business area that aggregates multiple units: Structured Finance, the 
segment that supports companies and private equity funds in arranging bilateral or syndicated loans; the 
Equity Investment area, dedicated to investing in non-financial companies and intermediaries; and the 
Lending segment, dedicated to the Group's medium/long-term operations, oriented to supporting the 
company's operating cycle and the disbursement of consumer credit in the form of salary or pension 
backed loans (CQS/CQP).  
As shown in the following table, as of 31 December 2022, the net banking income of the "Commercial & 
Corporate Banking Segment" amounted to €318.4 million, compared to €282.6 million as of 31 December 2021. 
Income Statement Data 
(in thousands of Euro except for percentages) 
31.12.2022 
31.12.2021 
Change 
Absolute 
% 
Net interest income 
215,601 
188,792 
26,809 
14.2% 
Net commission income 
90,980 
80,956 
10,024 
12.4% 
Other components of net banking income 
11,863 
12,936 
(1,073) 
(8.3)% 
Net banking income 
318,444 
282,684 
35,760 
12.7% 
Net credit risk losses/reversals 
(48,506) 
(45,553) 
(2,953) 
6.5% 
Net profit (loss) from financial activities 
269,938 
237,131 
32,807 
13.8% 
Factoring Area

--- Page 249 ---
10261197493-v5 
- 238 - 
47-41058517 
 
Banca Ifis finances mainly small or micro companies in Italy that frequently have no credit standing and 
consequently encounter difficulties in obtaining finance from the traditional banking system. Around 75 per cent. 
of Banca Ifis' customers have a turnover below €5 million per year, and do not represent an attractive segment for 
traditional banks; by contrast, the customers of these SME's are high quality companies whose trade receivables 
benefit from good credit ratings. By switching its risk exposure from the relevant lender (SME) to the relevant 
debtor (the SME's clients) through recourse factoring operations, Banca Ifis is able to finance a part of the market 
that traditional banks tend to overlook while, at the same time, preserving the credit quality of its portfolio.  
The origination process is based both on digital network and on a distribution network of sales managers, of whom 
around 110 operate locally (assisted by the Group's 26 local branches), who are responsible for managing 
relationships with customers. Sales managers visit potential customers in their premises, creating a direct 
relationship which the Issuer expects will foster the on-going business intake of the Group. More than 150 
employees are dedicated to analytical and back-office activities. Such activities include the assessment of the 
quality of the debtor (being the most important item in the credit evaluations of the Group) and, also, the legal 
nature and terms and conditions of the receivables. In addition, the Group's assessment criteria require that the 
Group's customers have a sufficient level of creditworthiness to mitigate risks of clawback actions if the relevant 
customer is subject to insolvency proceedings. Usually, the terms of engagement of Banca Ifis in the factoring 
(excluding the factoring of pharmaceutical receivables) usually provides for the exclusive transfer from the 
relevant customer of all trade receivables due from specified clients during a 24-month period. The Issuer believes 
that this fosters the Group's customer base retention rate even if the factoring business is normally short term.  
Banca Ifis has a dedicated business unit to supporting the trade receivables of SMEs operating in the domestic 
market as well as companies growing abroad or based abroad and working with Italian customers. This area 
includes the operations carried out in Poland by Ifis Finance Sp. z o. o and, starting from March 2021, in Romania 
by Ifis Finance I.F.N. S.A.  
The "Tax Receivables" business unit is specialised in purchasing tax receivables arising from insolvency 
proceedings; in the case of insolvency proceedings, the insolvent debtor may have tax credits that can be cashed 
in over a long-term horizon. In these cases the official receiver may decide to speed up the process by selling the 
tax receivables. Through its "Tax Receivables" business unit, the Group offers to buy both accrued and accruing 
tax receivables on which repayment has already been requested or which will be requested in the future, and that 
have arisen during insolvency proceedings or in prior years. As a complement to its core business, this business 
unit seldom also acquires trade receivables from insolvency proceedings. The Group purchases tax receivables 
without recourse usually at a discount to nominal value, to consider the length of the collection process. The focus 
of Banca Ifis' employees in the segment is to be in touch with the bankruptcy courts in order to identify possible 
sources of new products and assist the parties involved in proceedings with operational aspects and preparing 
documentation. 
As shown in the following table, as of 31 December 2022, the net banking income of the factoring amounted to 
€171.6 million, compared to €143 million as of 31 December 2021. 
Income Statement Data 
(in thousands of Euro except for percentages) 
31.12.2022 
31.12.2021 
Change 
Absolute 
% 
Net interest income 
110,100 
87,386 
22,714 
26.0% 
Net commission income 
62,049 
55,870 
6,179 
11.1% 
Other components of net banking income 
(495) 
(175) 
(320) 
182.9% 
Net banking income 
171,654 
143,081 
28,573 
20.0% 
Net credit risk losses/reversals 
(14,987) 
(18,142) 
3,155 
(17.4)% 
Net profit (loss) from financial activities 
156,667 
124,939 
31,728 
25.4% 
Leasing Area 
This business area offers a range of leasing and rental solutions to small businesses and SMEs. 
The following are its main operational processes: 
Origination and underwriting process: The origination channel is based on a web platform, through which agents, 
vendors, dealers, credit institutions can upload applications and receive approvals online. The access to the tool 
is regulated by an agreement between our company and the counterpart. 
All applications are delivered to the automated scoring and decision system that, based on the information 
retrieved from external databases, checks customer exposure and payment behaviour, performs anti-money

--- Page 250 ---
10261197493-v5 
- 239 - 
47-41058517 
 
laundering and know-your-customer screenings and assigns a credit score. At the end of this process the automated 
decision system recommends the approval or rejection of the relevant application or, where necessary, assigns it 
for further processing and underwriting through non-automated decision systems. 
Lending authority has been delegated by the Issuer's Board of Directors to the Investment Committee or other 
internal departments, in each case within specific limits based on a grid with a combination of client category, 
deal amount, customer exposure, and customer credit rating. 
Monitoring and collection process: Credit exposures are monitored by identifying missing payments. Depending 
on the number of missed payments, the Leasing business area may opt for any of the following procedures: 
• 
phone reminders; 
• 
door to door reminders; 
• 
appointment of external collection agencies; 
• 
appointment of external law firms  
In the event of at least 5 missed payments, under the general terms and conditions of the Leasing Business Unit's 
lease contracts, leasing transactions may be terminated and the asset repossession and remarketing process is 
started. 
The results as of 31 December 2022 and as of 31 December 2021 for the Leasing area are as follows: 
Income Statement Data 
(in thousands of Euro except for percentages) 
31.12.2022 
31.12.2021 
Change 
Absolute 
% 
Net interest income 
47,088 
44,381 
2,707 
6.1% 
Net commission income 
12,250 
11,304 
946 
8.4% 
Net banking income 
59,338 
55,685 
3,653 
6.6% 
Net credit risk losses/reversals 
(2,836) 
(7,091) 
4,255 
(60.0)% 
Net profit (loss) from financial activities 
56,502 
48,594 
7,908 
16.3% 
Corporate Banking & Lending 
This business area that aggregates multiple units: 
• 
the "Structured Finance" area, which supports companies and private equity funds with the arrangement of 
bilateral or syndicated loans; 
• 
the Equity Investment area, dedicated to investing in non-financial companies and closed-end mutual funds; 
and 
• 
the "Lending" area, dedicated to the Group's medium/long-term operations, oriented to supporting the 
company's operating cycle through services ranging from funding optimisation to working capital 
financing and the support for productive investments 
The main operational processes of this business unit can be summarised as follows: 
Origination & Underwriting process. 
This process consists of a deal's origination and structuring and evaluation of a client's creditworthiness and 
profitability through a financial analysis focused mainly on the client's financials.  
The output of the process consists of detailed documentation to be submitted for the approval of the deal by the 
relevant internal lending authorities holders/committees of the Issuer. 
Lending authority has been delegated by the Issuer's Board of Directors to qualified delegation holders investment 
committee within specific limits based on a combination of client category, deal amount, customer exposure and 
customer credit rating. 
Monitoring and Collection

--- Page 251 ---
10261197493-v5 
- 240 - 
47-41058517 
 
In the context of this process, all the credit exposures of the Corporate Banking & Lending area Business Segment 
are managed through the continuous monitoring of in bonis customers and the preservation of the going concern 
for non-performing credit exposures. 
In bonis customers are periodically reviewed through: 
• 
customer financial reporting monitoring; 
• 
customer performance as compared to the relevant business plan evaluation;  
• 
prompt identification of borrowers at risk of falling into arrears or default, triggering risk-mitigating 
actions to prevent it; and 
• 
monitoring adequacy of fair value of assets provided as collateral, assigned ratings, risk classifications 
and breaches of covenants. 
Non-performing credit exposures are monitored through: 
• 
ongoing monitoring of financial performance of clients; 
• 
negotiations with clients and their advisors to agree debt restructuring actions; and 
• 
post-restructuring, monitoring clients' compliance with restructuring plans and loan covenants, in order 
to achieve a correct risk classification. 
Frequency of monitoring depends on account classification and type of deal. An ad hoc analysis is performed 
every time a waiver/amendment request is received from the customer. 
The net banking income of the Corporate Banking & Lending area totalled €87.4 million as of 31 December 2022, 
compared to €83.9 million as of 31 December 2021. 
Income Statement Data 
(in thousands of Euro except for percentages) 
31.12.2022 
31.12.2021 
Change 
Absolute 
% 
Net interest income 
58,413 
57,025 
1,388 
2.4% 
Net commission income 
16,681 
13,782 
2,899 
21.0% 
Other components of net banking income 
12,358 
13,111  
(753) 
(5.7)% 
Net banking income 
87,452 
83,918 
3,534 
4.2% 
Net credit risk losses/reversals 
(30,683) 
(20,320) 
(10,363) 
51.0% 
Net profit (loss) from financial activities 
56,769 
63,598 
(6,829) 
(10.7)% 
NPL Segment 
The "NPL Segment" is the Group's business segment dedicated to non-recourse acquisition and managing secured 
and unsecured distressed retail loans, as well as third party portfolio management. 
The business is closely associated with converting non-performing exposures into performing assets and 
collecting them. 
The business can be divided up into three macro categories: 
• 
Cost: post-acquisition management, when all information retrieval operations take place to help decide 
the most appropriate conversion method, the receivable is classified in a so-called "staging" area and 
recognised at cost (€113.7 million as of 31 December 2022, compared to €135.8 million as of 31 
December 2021) with no contribution to profit or loss. As a rule, 6-12 months later, the positions are 
directed towards the most appropriate form of management, depending on their characteristics; 
• 
Non-judicial: non-judicial operations, which deal with practices that can be handled through collection 
by settlement. Practices awaiting information about the most appropriate collection instrument are 
classified into a basin called "mass management" and as of 31 December 2022 come to €237.7 million, 
up 17.9 per cent. compared with €201.6 million at 31 December 2021. Practices on which a realignment 
plan has been agreed and formalised an increase (4.0 per cent.) coming in at €232.3 million as of 31 
December 2022 (€223.3 million as of 31 December 2021);

--- Page 252 ---
10261197493-v5 
- 241 - 
47-41058517 
 
• 
Judicial: legal management, which covers all practices in the various stages of legal processing, ranging 
from obtaining a court order to a garnishment order. Practices awaiting the most appropriate legal action 
are included in the category of "Other positions undergoing judicial processing" and come to €207.8 
million as of 31 December 2022 (€270.8 million as of 31 December 2021); practices in phases of writ, 
attachment order and garnishment order are allocated to a specific basin, which records an increase of 
14.8 per cent, coming in at €553.2 million, compared to €481.9 million recorded in December 2021. The 
judicial management basin includes all "Secured and Corporate" positions of corporate banking origin 
or real estate, equal to €160.5 million as of 31 December 2022, compared to €164.3 million as of 
31 December 2021. 
Finally, the Group occasionally seizes market opportunities in accordance with its business model by selling 
portfolios of positions yet to be processed to third parties. 
Total purchases in 2022 amounted to €148.9 million, down from €177.3 million of the previous year.  
The results as at 31 December 2022 and as at 31 December 2021 for the NPL Segment are as follows: 
Income Statement Data 
(in thousands of Euro except for percentages) 
31.12.2022 31.12.2021 
Change 
Absolute 
% 
Interest income from amortised cost 
161,507 
150,368 
11,139 
7.4% 
Interest income notes and other minority components 
3,363 
1,409 
1,954 138.7% 
Other components of interest income from changes in cash flow 
133,413 
122,502 
10,911 
8.9% 
Interest expense 
(27,303) 
(26,674) 
(629) 
2.4% 
Net interest income 
270,980 
247,605 
23,375 
9.4% 
Net commission income 
3,675 
3,357 
318 
9.5% 
Other components of net banking income 
(1,057)  
136 
(1,193) 
n.s. 
Gain on sale of receivables 
10,699 
6,459 
4,240 
65.6% 
Net banking income 
284,297 
257,557 
26,740 
10.4% 
Net profit (loss) from financial activities 
262,600 
239,562 
23,038 
9.6% 
Net impairment losses on receivables of the NPL Segment were reclassified to interest receivable and similar 
income to present more fairly this business and because they represent an integral part of the return on the 
investment. 
Governance & Services and Non-Core Segment  
The segment comprises, among other things, the resources required for the performance of the services of the 
Strategic Planning, Finance, Operations, Human Resources, Communication, Marketing, Public Affairs & 
Sustainability Functions, as well as the structures responsible for raising, managing and allocating financial 
resources to the operating segments. It also includes the Proprietary Finance business (proprietary securities desk) 
and Securitisation & Structured Solution activities (investment in asset backed securities, instrumental to the 
realisation of securitisation transactions). The Segment also includes run-off portfolios originated from the former 
Interbanca as well as other personal loan portfolios.  
As of 31 December 2022, total net receivables in the sector amounted to €2,152.1 million, down 4.2 per cent. on 
the figure as of 31 December 2021 (€2,246.8 million). The decrease of €94.7 million is due for €15 million to the 
securities business of the Proprietary Finance and Securitisation & Structured Solutions segments and for the 
remaining €80 million to the natural run-off of the Non-Core portfolio. 
Income Statement Data 
(in thousands of Euro except for percentages) 
31.12.2022 31.12.2021 
Change 
Absolute 
% 
Net interest income 
61,669 
51,574 
10,095 
19.6% 
Net commission income 
(1,142) 
(1,031) 
(111) 
10.8% 
Other components of net banking income 
17,279 
9,154 
8,125 
88.8% 
Net banking income 
77,806 
59,697 
18,109 
30.3% 
Net credit risk losses/reversals 
(7,312) 
(13,663) 
6,351 
(46.5)% 
Net profit (loss) from financial activities 
70,494 
46,034 
24,460 
53.1% 
Funding

--- Page 253 ---
10261197493-v5 
- 242 - 
47-41058517 
 
Total funding, which amounted to €11,130.7 million as of 31 December 2022, up 3.2 per cent. compared to 31 
December 2021, mainly as a result of the Issuer's participation during 2022 in two Long Term Refinancing 
Operation ("LTRO") operations for a total of €400.5 million maturing, respectively, in February and March 2023, 
which are in addition to the Targeted Longer Term Refinancing Operations ("TLTRO") operation already in place 
for €2,023.2 million maturing in September 2024, and represented by 45.8 per cent. for payables due to customers 
(compared to 52.7 per cent. as of 31 December 2021), 30.7 per cent. for payables due to banks (compared to 24.1 
per cent. as of 31 December 2021), and 23.4 per cent. for debt securities issued (compared to 23.2 per cent as of 
31 December 2021). 
Payables due to customers as of 31 December 2022 totalled €5,103.3 million (down 10.2 per cent. compared to 
31 December 2021, also as a result of the optimisation of deposits undertaken in the retail sector). As of 31 
December 2022, Banca Ifis had €2.0 billion TLTRO out of a maximum capacity of €2.9 billion. 
The table below shows the types of financing drawn by the Issuer as of 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2021. 
Funding 
(in thousands of Euro except for percentages) 
31.12.2022 
31.12.2021 
Change 
Absolute 
% 
Due to customers: 
5,103,343  
5,683,745 
(580,402) 
(10.2)% 
Repurchase agreements 
50,003 
- 
50,003 
n.a. 
Retail 
4,159,855  
4,517,172 
(357,317) 
(7.9)% 
Other term deposits 
116,339  
239,986 
(123,647) 
(51.5)% 
Lease payables 
21,733  
16,127 
5,606  
34.8%  
Other payables 
755,413  
910,460 
(155,047)) 
(17.0)% 
Due to banks: 
3,422,160  
2.597,965 
824,195  
31.7% 
Central Banks 
2,423,647  
2,236,942 
186,705 
8.3% 
of which: TLTRO 
2,023,162 
2,033,870 
(10,708) 
(0.5)% 
of which: LTRO 
400,485 
- 
400,485 
n.a. 
of which: Other deposits 
- 
203,073 
(203,073) 
(100.0)% 
Repurchase agreements 
731,791 
2172,512 
514,279 
236.4% 
Other payables 
266,722  
143,511 
123,211  
85.9% 
Debt securities issued 
2,605,195  
2,504,878 
100,317  
4.0% 
Total Funding 
11,130,698  
10,786,588 
344,110  
3.2% 
Asset Quality  
In accordance with Bank of Italy requirements, the Group performs impairment testing on its receivables portfolio 
and classify receivables as either "performing" or "impaired". Receivables with a risk of loss are classified as 
impaired (including receivables that, although past due, show no objective indication of impairment based on 
internal, historical or statistical information), while all other receivables are classified as performing. 
Impaired exposures are divided into the following categories: (i) past due; (ii) unlikely to pay (UTP); and (iii) 
non-performing loans (NPL or Bad Loans). The definitions of these categories are provided by the Bank of Italy 
and are as follows: 
(i) 
Past due. Receivables are defined as "past due" when the unpaid credit obligation of the borrower at a 
banking group level, breaches both the following materiality thresholds for 90 consecutive days: a) an 
absolute threshold of €100 for retail exposures or €500 for non-retail exposures b) credit obligations past 
due are 1 per cent. of the total on-balance-sheet exposures of the debtor. Specific treatments are applied 
to factoring and purchased receivables and to sovereign exposures, including exposures to local 
authorities and public sector entities, to avoid excessive accounting of defaults, not reflecting actual 
financial difficulties of the debtor (in accordance with EBA GL/2016/07). 
(ii) 
Unlikely to pay. Receivables are defined as "unlikely to pay" when the payor is assessed as unlikely to 
repay his credit obligation in full. The classification within the "unlikely to pay" category is not 
necessarily related to the explicit presence of anomalies, but rather it is linked to the presence of evidence 
of a debtor's risk of default. The "unlikely to pay" category combines two categories previously provided 
for by the Bank of Italy, namely watchlist loans and restructured loans. 
(iii) 
Non-performing (or Bad Loans). Receivables are defined as "non-performing loans" when the debtor is 
effectively insolvent (although not yet legally insolvent) or in a similarly distressed situation, regardless 
of any provisions for loss set aside by the Issuer.

--- Page 254 ---
10261197493-v5 
- 243 - 
47-41058517 
 
Impaired exposures, due to their nature, are classified as either past due, unlikely to pay or bad loans according to 
the criteria established in Circular 272/2008, which sets out the rules for reporting on supervisory, statistical, and 
financial matters as well as prudential capital ratios, and Circular 139/1991, relating to the Central Credit Register. 
When loans come from a process of sale rather than a direct drawdown, those loans maintain the same 
classification as that assigned by the loans' seller, provided the latter is subject to the same law as Banca Ifis: 
otherwise, if the Issuer has not ascertained the debtor's state of insolvency, those loans are classified as unlikely 
to pay. 
Non-performing exposures included in the trade receivables sector are measured in accordance with the following 
criteria: 
Bad loans are evaluated individually, and the total amount of the impairment loss on each loan is equal to the 
difference between the carrying amount at measurement (amortised cost) and the present value of expected future 
cash flows, calculated by applying the effective interest at the moment in which the loan went bad. Expected cash 
flows are calculated considering expected recovery times based on historical elements and other significant 
characteristics, as well as the estimated realisable value of guarantees, if any.  
Each subsequent change in the amount or maturities of expected cash flows causing a negative change from the 
initial estimates results in the recognition of an impairment loss in the income statement. 
If the quality of a non-performing exposure improves and there is reasonable certainty of a timely recovery of 
both principal and interest, in keeping with the relevant initial terms and conditions, the impairment loss is 
reversed through the income statement to a value not higher than the amortised cost that would have been incurred 
if no impairment loss had been recognised. 
Unsecured gross loans which became bad loans in the 10-year period prior to the reporting date are written down 
to zero unless motivated decision taken by the Board. Outstanding gross loans below €100,000 are written down 
to zero from the moment they became bad loans.  
Unlikely to pay loans amounting to more than €100,000 are evaluated individually; the write-down to each loan 
is equal to the difference between the amount recognised in the statement of financial position at the time of 
recognition (amortised cost) and the current value of expected future cash flows, calculated using the original 
effective interest rate or, in case of indexed rates, the last contractually applied rate. If the individual evaluation 
does not indicate any impairment, they are collectively tested for impairment. 
Unlikely to pay loans amounting to less than €100,000 are collectively tested for impairment.  
Non-performing past due exposures, as defined by the Bank of Italy, are collectively tested for impairment. Such 
measurement applies to categories of loans with a homogeneous credit risk. The relevant losses are estimated as 
a percentage of the original loan amount by considering historical time series based on internal data existing at 
the time of measurement and allowing to calculate the latent losses for each category. 
Performing loans are collectively tested for impairment. Such measurement applies to categories of loans with a 
homogeneous credit risk; in particular, the performing portfolio is divided into stage 1 and stage 2 in accordance 
with the IFRS9 accounting principle. The relevant losses are estimated as a percentage of the loan amount based 
on the probability of default associated with each customer and the loss rates taken from internal historical series 
for each category. 
Non-performing exposures included in the NPL Segment are recognised and assessed through the following steps:  
1. 
at the time of purchase, receivables are recognised by allocating the portfolio's purchase price among the 
individual receivables it consists of through the following steps: 
• 
recognition of the individual receivables at a value equal to the contract price, which is used for 
the purposes of reporting to the Central Credit Register; 
• 
after verifying the documentation, if provided in the contract, the Issuer returns the loans lacking 
documentation or beyond the statute of limitations to the seller, and measures the fair value of 
receivables which actually exist and can be collected; finally, after sending a notice of 
assignment to the debtor, the Issuer can start collection actions on the receivable; 
2. 
once the collection process begins, receivables are measured at amortised cost using the effective interest 
rate method;

--- Page 255 ---
10261197493-v5 
- 244 - 
47-41058517 
 
3. 
the effective interest rate is calculated on the basis of the price paid, the transaction costs, if any, and the 
estimated cash flows and collection time calculated using either a proprietary model (see item 5 below), 
or analytical estimates made by managers; 
4. 
the effective interest rate as set out in the previous point is unchanged over time;  
5. 
the proprietary model estimates cash flows by projecting the "breakdown" of the nominal amount of the 
receivable "over time" based on the historical recovery profile for similar clusters. For the positions with 
settlement plan funding characteristics, the Issuer uses a "deterministic" model based on the measurement 
of the future instalments of the plan, net of the historical default rate. For the judicial position, cash flows 
are estimated considering the timing of Italian courts, the amount of the debtor's salary and the legal costs 
for the recovery process. In addition, for the so-called "specialist loans" (for example secured loans, top 
loans or insolvency proceedings) the Issuer uses the analytical estimates by the asset manager. 
6. 
at the end of each reporting period, interest income accrued on the basis of the original effective interest 
rate is recognised under Interest Income. The interest is calculated on a monthly basis as follows: 
Amortised Cost at the beginning of the period x IRR; 
7. 
in addition, at the end of each reporting period, the expected cash flows for each position are re-estimated, 
considering any relevant occurred event in the analytical estimates by the manager; 
8. 
should events occur (higher or lower revenues realised or expected compared to forecasts and/or a change 
in collection times) which cause a change in the amortised cost (calculated by discounting the new cash 
flows at the original effective interest rate compared to the amortised cost in the period). In case of 
impairment events, the changes in the amortised cost are recognised under item "Credit risk 
losses/reversals" on the income statement. 
Tax Receivables are classified under performing loans, since they are due from the Public Administration. 
Non-performing exposures included in Leasing sector are measured according to the following criteria: 
Non-performing exposures are categorized in homogeneous expected recovery clusters based on product type 
(transportation or equipment) and asset status (sold or to be repossessed); the cluster loss rate is determined by 
internal historical recovery series. 
Loans are individually evaluated and the total amount of the impairment loss on each loan is equal to the difference 
between the carrying amount at measurement (amortised cost) and the present value of expected recovery, 
calculated by applying the "1- loss rate" to the carrying amount at the measurement.  
Large Value Loans could be individually impaired and the expected recovery individually determined, based on 
the "on-going" recovery strategy. 
The original effective interest rate of each loan does not change over time even if a restructuring involved changing 
the contractual rate or the loan no longer bears contractual interest in practice. Any impairment loss is recognised 
in profit or loss. The impairment loss is reversed in the following years to the extent that the reason for the 
impairment no longer exists, provided this assessment can be related objectively to an event occurring after the 
impairment was recognised. The reversal is recognised in profit or loss and shall not exceed the amortised cost 
that the loan would have had if the impairment had not been recognised. 
The restructuring of non-performing exposures by converting them in full or in part into shares in the borrowing 
firms is measured based on the fair value of the shares received in exchange for the receivable, in accordance with 
IFRIC 19; such shares are measured at fair value using the methods for equity investments based on their 
classification for accounting purposes. 
For other renegotiations, the Issuer derecognises the receivable and recognises a new financial asset if the changes 
in contractual terms are material. 
Restructuring procedures concern loans to customers in financial distress for which the renegotiation resulted in 
a financial loss for the Issuer; in this case, the specific write-down is calculated based on the original interest rate. 
The loans for which there is no individual objective evidence that an impairment loss has been incurred, i.e. 
performing loans, including those to counterparties in high-risk countries, are collectively tested for impairment. 
Such measurement applies to categories of loans with a homogeneous credit risk; in particular, the performing 
portfolio is divided into stage 1 and stage 2 in accordance with the IFRS9 accounting principle. The relevant losses

--- Page 256 ---
10261197493-v5 
- 245 - 
47-41058517 
 
are estimated as a percentage of the loan amount based on the probability of default associated with each customer 
and the loss rates taken from internal historical series for each category. Collective impairment losses are 
recognised in profit or loss.  
At each reporting date, any additional impairment losses or reversals are calculated on a differential basis relative 
to the entire portfolio of performing receivables at the same date.  
The table below show the loans to customers breakdown for each of the areas comprised in the Commercial & 
Corporate Banking Segment: 
 
Factoring 
Leasing 
Corporate 
banking & 
Lending 
Aggregate coverage 
ratio for the 
Commercial & 
Corporate Banking 
Segment 
Bad loans  
 
Amounts at 31.12.2022 
14,348 
526 
10,299 
25,173 
Amounts at 31.12.2021 
23,901 
352 
7,268 
31,522 
Unlikely to pay 
 
 
 
 
Amounts at 31.12.2022 
45,068 
5,457 
35,164  
85,690 
Amounts at 31.12.2021 
41,064 
6,631 
43,943 
91,638 
Past due loans 
 
 
 
 
Amounts at 31.12.2022 
121,678 
8,129 
10,355 
140,161  
Amounts at 31.12.2021 
102,530 
9,763 
2,468 
114,761 
Total non-performing exposures 
 
 
 
 
Amounts at 31.12.2022 
181,094  
14,112  
55,818  
251,024 
Amounts at 31.12.2021 
167,496  
16,745  
53,680 
237,921 
% Change  
8.1% 
(15.7)% 
4.0 % 
5.5% 
Net performing loans to customers  
 
 
 
 
Amounts at 31.12.2022 
2,574,499 
1,458,065  
2,231,402 
6,263,965  
Amounts at 31.12.2021 
2,772,576 
1,373,478  
2,177,439 
6,323,493 
Total 
on-balance-sheet 
loans 
to 
customers 
 
 
 
 
Amounts at 31.12.2022 
2,755,592 
1,472,177 
2,287,221  
6,514,989  
Amounts at 31.12.2021 
2,940,072  
1,390,223 
2,231,118 
6,561,414 
% Change  
(6.3) % 
5.9 % 
2.5% 
(0.7) % 
The table below show the coverage ratio breakdown, as of 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2021 for each of 
the areas comprised in the Commercial and Corporate Banking Segment: 
Coverage ratio on gross bad loans 
Factoring 
Leasing 
Corporate 
banking & 
Lending 
Aggregate coverage 
ratio for the 
Commercial & 
Corporate Banking 
Segment 
Amounts at 31.12.2022 
77.9%  
94.6% 
32.8% 
72.0 % 
Amounts at 31.12.2021 
75.2% 
96.5% 
34.6% 
73.2 % 
The table below show the net bad loans / loans to customers ratio breakdown, as of 31 December 2021 and 31 
December 2022 for the Commercial and Corporate Banking Segment. 
Net bad loans / loans to customers ratio 
Factoring 
Leasing 
Corporate 
banking & 
Lending 
Aggregate coverage 
ratio for the 
Commercial & 
Corporate Banking 
Segment 
Amounts at 31.12.2022 
0.5% 
0.0% 
0.5% 
0.4% 
Amounts at 31.12.2021 
0.8% 
0.0% 
0.3% 
0.5%

--- Page 257 ---
10261197493-v5 
- 246 - 
47-41058517 
 
Capital Ratios 
The Bank of Italy has adopted risk-based capital ratios ("Capital Ratios") pursuant to European Union capital 
adequacy and solvency regulations and directives. Italy's current requirements are similar to the requirements 
imposed by the international framework for capital measurement and capital standards of banking institutions of 
the Basel Committee on Banking Regulations and Supervisory Practices. The Capital Ratios consist of core (Tier 
I) and supplemental (Tier II) capital requirements relating to the Issuer's assets and certain off-balance sheet items 
weighted according to risks ("Risk Weighted Assets"). 
The table below shows the Group's Capital Ratios as of 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2021, which exceed 
the minimum levels prescribed by the Bank of Italy. 
 
As of 
 
31 December 2022  
31 December 2021 
 
(€ thousands, except percentages) 
Common Equity Tier 1 capital 
1,520,570 
1,486,880 
Tier 1 capital ............................................................. 
1,521,490 
1,488,624 
Own Funds ................................................................ 
1,906,288 
1,891,346 
Risk-weighted assets ................................................ 
10,128,064 
9,633,003 
Common Equity Tier 1 ratio ................................... 
15.01% 
15.44% 
Tier 1 capital ratio .................................................... 
15.02% 
15.45% 
Total capital ratio ..................................................... 
18.82% 
19.63% 
CET1 and Total Capital ratios include earnings as of 31 December 2022, net of the related dividend, including 
the portion distributed on an interim basis in compliance with the provisions of Article 2433, paragraph 4 of the 
Italian civil code..  
Markets11 
The following is a brief description of the markets in which the Group operates in Italy:  
Small and Medium Enterprises: uncertainties related to geopolitical tensions and inflation together with tighter 
financial conditions are affecting investment spending and the outlook for the real estate sector. The opinions 
expressed by manufacturing companies in the average of the fourth quarter of 2022 indicate a downturn in activity, 
as measured by the PMI (Purchasing Managers' Index). Indeed, due to energy and raw material prices, company 
margins are expected to shrink. An analysis by Cerved projects 2023 turnover to grow by 3.4 per cent., an increase 
that would, however, be reduced to 0.5 per cent. if considered in real terms thus failing to reabsorb higher costs 
with an expected contraction in margins. Indeed, energy costs are still historically high (the increase in the price 
of natural gas on 1 January 2023 was 143 per cent. compared to 1 January 2021), although far from the 21 August 
2022 peak in the price of natural gas. Moreover, as already pointed out, higher energy costs have also spread to 
other goods and services. Despite the difficult environment, Italian companies did not give up on investment, 
which grew by around 10 per cent., thus continuing a 2021 that had been characterised by growth of 17 per cent. 
(source: Istat). Investments slowed in the third quarter (+0.8 per cent. on the previous period), reflecting a 
reduction in construction spending, whilespending on plant and machinery accelerated. While expecting the 
slowdown to continue in the first part of 2023, Bank of Italy surveys show that the share of companies expecting 
an expansion of investments in 2023 exceeds that of those estimating a reduction, thus continuing the innovation 
process that has led them to strengthen their international positioning in the last two years.  
Business Factoring: in 2022, the product's volume increased compared to 2021 (+10.09 per cent). In 2022, 
factoring turnover amounted to €287,26 billion (+14.61 per cent compared to 2021).  
Leasing: in 2022, leasing volumes increased compared to 2021 (+9.7 per cent). The leasing market growth was 
due to the development of vehicle long term rental segment and equipment lease segment. 
Non-Performing Loans: in 2022, the Italian Npl transaction market again expressed significant volumes: the GBV 
(Gross Book Value, nominal amount) amount of the transferred portfolios stood at around €41 billion (source: 
Banca Ifis Market Watch Npl), with a breakdown by asset type that saw €32 billion of non-performing positions 
and €9 billion of UtP. In line with previous years, the concentration of transactions in terms of originator and 
buyer remained high in 2022, with 62 per cent. and 51 per cent. of the top 5 weighing in, respectively, although 
lower than in 2021. Corporate debtors and secured portfolios account for more than half of the total transacted. 
The secondary market, an important segment of a market that has now reached maturity, accounted for 28 per 
 
11 
Figures in this section are based on Issuer's internal elaborations on publicly available data and information.

--- Page 258 ---
10261197493-v5 
- 247 - 
47-41058517 
 
cent. of Npl transactions. Average prices rise slightly due to the high incidence of GACS transactions and "fresher" 
portfolios that found investor appetite; phenomena partly offset by the incidence of the secondary market. 
Projections for 2023-2024 are subject to variability due to scenario uncertainties. Current estimates indicate that 
the market for Npl transactions will maintain high volumes, €40 billion and €33 billion for non-performing and 
Utp positions respectively, with the secondary market increasing its share by 2022. 
Employees  
The table below sets forth the average number of employees of the Issuer for the years 2022 and 2021. 
Average number of employees 
2022 
2021 
Employees: 
1,853 
1,821 
(a) senior managers 
92 
84 
(b) middle managers  
554 
541 
(c) other employees 
1,207 
1,196 
As of 31 December 2022, the Group had 1,874 employees (1,849 as at 31 December 2021). 
Legal Proceedings  
Please see section "Legal and tax disputes" on page 53 of the Consolidated Financial Statements of the Issuer as 
of and for the year ended 31 December 2022 which is incorporated by reference herein and listed in section 
"Documents Incorporated by Reference" above. 
Corporate Governance  
The organisational documents of the Issuer conform to the provisions contained in the Italian Civil Code and other 
special regulations regarding banking entities.  
The Issuer applies the traditional model of administration and control, believing it to be the most suitable way to 
ensure efficient management and effective controls. 
For Banca Ifis, the traditional model of administration and control has allowed it to achieve value creation for 
shareholders, the strengthening of capital and financial balance. The Issuer believes that the presence of minority 
shareholders within the corporate boards, thanks to the slate vote mechanism included in the Articles of 
Association, the growing capacity to provide financial support for SMEs and to bring insolvent individuals back 
into the fold of solvent debtors and potential borrowers of new credit, as well as the steady growth in the number 
of employees complement the Group's ability to meet the expectations of its stakeholders.  
Ultimately, the Issuer believes that the traditional model appears to be the most suitable to promote the 
development of the Group, as it places the skills relating to strategic supervision, management and control within 
a structure that has so far proved effective and efficient, facilitating clear definition of responsibilities, a 
streamlined decision-making process and an effective dialogue between the bodies themselves. 
In the model applied by Banca Ifis: 
• 
the Board of Directors carries out the strategic supervision; 
• 
each of the chief executive officer and the general manager is vested with the management function; and 
• 
the Board of Statutory Auditors carries out internal control activities. 
Pursuant to Legislative Decree No. 231 of 8 June 2001, as amended ("Decree 231", which provides for the direct 
liability of legal entities, companies and associations for certain crimes committed by their representatives and 
encourages companies to adopt corporate governance structures and risk prevention systems to stop managers, 
executives, employees and external collaborators from committing crimes), the Board of Directors appoints an 
independent supervisory board ("Organismo di Vigilanza") charged with the task of (i) monitoring compliance 
with Decree 231 and (ii) proposing necessary updates to the organisational model of the Issuer. In order to 
supervise the actions of top management adequately, the Organismo di Vigilanza must remain fully autonomous. 
The following Committees existed within the Board of Directors:

--- Page 259 ---
10261197493-v5 
- 248 - 
47-41058517 
 
• 
the Risk Management and Internal Control Committee, consisting of four Non-Executive and 
independent Directors; 
• 
the Appointments Committee, consisting of three Non-Executive Directors, two of whom are 
independent, with an independent President;  
• 
the Remuneration Committee, consisting of three Non-Executive Directors, two of which are 
independent, with an independent President. 
Board of Directors  
As per the Company's statutes (the "Articles of Association"), the Board of Directors is composed of a minimum 
of five up to a maximum of fifteen members, elected by the Shareholders' Meeting. They remain in office for a 
period up to three years, as determined as at the date of the relevant appointment and expiring on the date of the 
Shareholders' Meeting called to approve the annual financial statements for their last year of office. 
Pursuant to the Consolidated Banking Law, the members of the Board of Directors are required to abide by specific 
professional, ethical and independency requirements. 
The following table sets forth the names, positions and principal activities of the current members of the Board of 
Directors.  
The current Board of Directors was elected at the shareholders' meeting of 28 April 2022 for the years 2022, 2023 
and 2024 and will expire on the date in which the shareholders' meeting called to approve the Annual financial 
statements for the year 2024 takes place. 
Name 
Position  
Principal Activities Outside the Issuer 
Sebastien Egon Fürstenberg 
Director and Designated 
Honorary Chairman 
Chairman of La Scogliera S.p.A. 
Ernesto Fürstenberg Fassio 
Deputy Chairman 
Chief Executive Officer of La Scogliera S.p.A., 
Director of Ifis Npl Investing S.p.A., Director of 
Aidexa S.p.A. 
Frederik Herman Geertman 
Chief Executive Officer  
 Director of Ifis Npl Investing S.p.A. 
Simona Arduini 
Independent Director 
Professor of Business Economics at the "Università 
degli Studi Roma Tre", College of Auditors of the 
Special Superintendence of Archaeology, Fine Arts 
and Landscape of Rome, Independent director of 
Ifis Npl Servicing S.p.A. 
Independent director of Ifis Npl Investing S.p.A., 
Standing auditor of Sustainable Ventures S.p.A., 
Standing auditor of Open Fiber Holdings S.p.A., 
Standing auditor of Open Fiber S.p.A., Standing 
auditor of Fiber Network Solution S.c.a.r.l., 
Alternate auditor of Europa Gestioni Immobiliari 
S.p.A., Member of the Supervisory Committee of 
Banca Popolare delle Province Calabre s.c.p.a. in 
l.c.a. 
Member of the Supervisory Committee of 
Europeenne de Gestion Priveée S.A. – Italian branch 
in l.c.a. 
Member of the Supervisory Committee of Orconsult 
Capital Management Italia S.p.A. in l.c.a., Member 
of the Supervisory Committee of Banca Popolare 
delle Province Calabre s.c.p.a. in l.c.a. 
Member of the Supervisory Committee of Veneto 
Banca S.p.A. in l.c.a., 
Standing auditor of Rentokil Initial Italia S.p.A., 
Certified public accountant of Soprintendenza 
Speciale Archeologica Belle Arti e Paesaggio di 
Roma

--- Page 260 ---
10261197493-v5 
- 249 - 
47-41058517 
 
Name 
Position  
Principal Activities Outside the Issuer 
Antonella Malinconico 
Independent Director 
Director of ADISURC (Company for the Right to 
University Education of the Campania Region) 
Beatrice Colleoni 
Independent Director 
- 
Monica Billio 
Independent Director 
Director of Ifis Npl Investing S.p.A. 
Monica Regazzi 
Independent Director 
Director of Homepal a better place S.r.l., Director of 
Net Insurance S.p.A., Director of Net Insurance Life 
S.p.A. 
Paola Paoloni 
Independent Director 
- 
Giovanni Meruzzi 
Independent Director 
Full Professor of Commercial Law and lawyer, 
Supervisory board member of SMACT Società 
Consortile per Azioni. 
Luca Lo Giudice 
Independent Director 
President of the Board of Directors of Ifis Npl 
Investing S.p.A., Director of Ifis Npl Servicing 
S.p.A., President of the Board of Directors of CISFI 
S.p.A. 
Director of Interporto Campano S.p.A., Chief 
Executive Officer of Vulcano S.p.A.  
Roberta Gobbi 
Independent Director 
- 
Roberto Diacetti 
Independent Director 
Director of Pirelli & C. S.p.A., Director of the 
ENPAIA Foundation, Director of SAIPEM S.p.A. 
The business address of each of the members of the Board of Directors is Via Terraglio 63, Mestre, 30174 Venice, 
Italy. 
Board of Statutory Auditors  
Each member of the Board of Statutory Auditors is appointed by the shareholders and the board is composed of 
three regular auditors, one of whom is appointed as chairman, and two alternate auditors. Members of the Board 
of Statutory Auditors are elected by the shareholders for a term of three years until the date of the shareholders' 
meeting called for the approval of the financial statements relating to the third year of such appointment. 
The Board of Statutory Auditors is part of the internal control system and its activities are carried out in 
compliance with the relevant regulatory requirements, including those set out by the Bank of Italy. 
The Board of Statutory Auditors supervises: 
• 
compliance with the law and the Articles of Association; 
• 
observance of the principles of proper administration; 
• 
the appropriateness of the organisational, administrative and accounting structure adopted by the 
Company and its concrete functioning; 
• 
adequacy and functionality of the Issuer's internal audit system; 
• 
exercise of management and coordination by the Issuer; 
• 
other records and actions specified by the law. 
The Board of Statutory Auditors ascertains the adequate coordination of all the functions and structures involved 
in the Internal Audit System, including the Independent Auditors in charge of the audit, promoting, if necessary, 
the appropriate corrective measures. 
The Board of Statutory Auditors informs the Board of Directors of any failings and irregularities it has found, 
asks for the adoption of appropriate corrective measures and verifies their effectiveness over time.

--- Page 261 ---
10261197493-v5 
- 250 - 
47-41058517 
 
The following table sets forth the names, positions and principal activities of the current members of the Board of 
Statutory Auditors, all of whose appointments expire at the annual shareholders' meeting which is called for the 
approval of the Issuer's annual financial statements as of and for the year ending 31 December 2024: 
Name 
Position 
Principal Activities Outside the Issuer 
Andrea Balelli 
Chairman 
Board of Directors 
Alumni Board Member of the Association of 
Economics Graduates of Sapienza University of 
Rome 
Sole administrator of Fedaia Spv S.r.l. 
Sole administrator of Gardenia Spv S.r.l. 
Sole administrator of Italian Credit Recycle S.r.l. 
Director of Leviticus ReoCo S.r.l. 
Director of Malfante 2009 S.r.l. 
Sole administrator of Restart Spv S.r.l. 
Sole administrator of Rienza Spv S.r.l. 
Sole administrator of Re Vesta S.r.l. 
Boards of Statutory Auditors 
Standing auditor of Hotel Cristallo S.p.A. 
Standing auditor of Pillarstone Italy Holding S.p.A.  
Standing auditor of Pillarstone S.p.A. 
Standing auditor of PS Reti S.p.A. 
Chairman of Salvatore Ferragamo S.p.A.* 
Standing auditor of Sirti S.p.A. 
Standing auditor of Tangenziale di Napoli S.p.A. 
Chairman of Wellcomm Engineering S.p.A. 
Supervisory Body 
Chairman of Salvatore Ferragamo S.p.A. 
Annunziata Melaccio  
Standing Auditor 
Chairman of the Board of Directors of Decalia Asset 
Management SIM S.p.A. 
Independent director of Kairos Partners SGR S.p.A. 
President of the Board of Statutory Auditors of 
Anthilia SGR S.p.A. 
President of the Board of Statutory Auditors of 
Quaestio Capital Management SGR S.p.A. 
Alternate auditor of Ambienta SGR S.p.A. 
Advisor of Bocconi Endowment Management S.r.l 
Franco Olivetti  
Standing Auditor 
President of the Board of Statutory Auditors of Ifis 
rental Services S.r.l. 
Standing auditor of Banca Credifarma S.p.A. 
Standing auditor of JustLex Italia 
Standing auditor of Atesina San Marco S.r.l. 
Alternate auditor of Ifis Npl Investing S.p.A. 
Alternate auditor of Cap.Ital.Fin. S.p.A. 
Marinella Monterumisi  
Alternate Auditor 
Director of Marr S.p.A. 
President of the Board of Statutory Auditors of 
Promozione Alberghiera S.C. 
President of the Board of Statutory Auditors of Renè 
Caovilla S.p.A. 
Standing auditor of Banca Credifarma S.p.A. 
Standing auditor of Ifis Npl Investing S.p.A. 
Standing auditor of Ifis Npl Servicing S.p.A. 
Standing auditor of Società Agricola Le Cicogne 
S.r.l. 
Standing auditor of Lugo Immobiliare S.p.A. in 
liquidation 
Standing auditor of Pesaresi Giuseppe S.p.A. 
Alternate auditor of Neodecortech S.p.A. 
Alternate auditor of Nuova Madonnina S.p.A. in 
liquidation

--- Page 262 ---
10261197493-v5 
- 251 - 
47-41058517 
 
Name 
Position 
Principal Activities Outside the Issuer 
Alternate auditor of Solution Bank S.p.A. 
Alternate Auditor of Justlex Italia S.t.a.p.A. 
Liquidator of Gestioni Cinematografiche – G.E.di 
De Sarno Prignano Renato, Succi Massimo, Berti 
Ferruccio, Berti Flavio – S.n.c. 
Liquidator-attorney of Immobiliare Appia S.a.s. of 
Bernhard Daniel 
Bankruptcy trustee of Urru Aldo 
Liquidator-partner of Team Work di Miria and 
Marinella Monterumisi S.n.c. 
Sole auditor of SPES S.p.A. 
Sole auditor of Rimini Welcome – Destination 
Management Company Società Consortile a r.l. 
Emanuela Rollino  
Alternate Auditor 
Standing auditor of Roco Italy Holdo S.r.l. 
President of the Board of Statutory Auditors (with 
auditing) of Toplife S.r.l. 
Standing auditor of 3v Partecipazioni Industriali 
S.p.A. 
President of the Board of Statutory Auditors (with 
auditing) of Kirkoswald Italy S.p.A. 
Sole member of Palazzo Gaddi Florence Propco 
S.r.l. 
Standing auditor of Ingrid Hotels S.p.A. 
President of the Board of Statutory Auditors of 
Revalo S.p.A. 
Statutory auditor of Dv & Partners S.r.l. 
Statutory auditor of Consorzio Mobilità Funicolare e 
Bus Società Consortile a Responsabilità Limitata 
("Co.Mo. Fun&Bus S.C.A.R.L.") 
Sole member of Imser Securitisation 2 S.r.l. 
Standing auditor of Profilo Real Estate S.r.l. 
Standing auditor of Covivio 7 S.p.A. 
Standing auditor of Central Società di Investimento 
per azioni a Capitale Fisso ("Central Sicaf S.p.A.") 
Standing auditor of Sknl Italy S.p.A. 
Standing auditor of Leggiuno S.p.A. 
Standing auditor of Unicorn Payment S.r.l. 
Alternate auditor of Danieli & C. Officine 
Meccaniche S.p.A. ("Danieli & C. S.p.A.") 
Alternate auditor of Acqualatina S.p.A. 
Alternate auditor of Idrosicilia S.p.A. 
Alternate auditor of Adc S.r.l. 
Alternate auditor of Covivio Development Italy 
S.p.A. Siinq 
Alternate auditor of Covivio Attività Immobiliari 1 
Società di Investimento Immobiliare Non Quotata 
("Covivio Attività Immobiliari 1 S.P.A. Siinq") 
Alternate auditor of Arriva Italia S.r.l. 
Alternate auditor of Design & Licences S.p.A. 
("D&L S.p.A.") 
In accordance with Italian law, members of the Board of Statutory Auditors are registered members of the registry 
of certified public accountants (Revisori Legali) held by the Italian Ministry of Economy and Finance. 
The business address of the members of the Board of Statutory Auditors is Via Terraglio 63, Mestre, 30174 Venice, 
Italy.

--- Page 263 ---
10261197493-v5 
- 252 - 
47-41058517 
 
Conflicts of Interest  
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, there is no actual or potential conflict of interest between the duties of any 
of the members of the Board of Directors or Board of Statutory Auditors of the Issuer and their respective private 
interests or other duties. 
Independent Auditors 
On 17 April 2014, the Shareholders' Meeting of the Issuer appointed EY S.p.A. as independent auditors of the 
Issuer for the nine-year period 2014-2022. 
On 28 April 2022, the Shareholders' Meeting of the Issuer appointed PriceWaterhouseCoopers S.p.A. as 
independent auditors of the Issuer for the nine-year period 2023-2031. 
Each of EY S.p.A. and PriceWaterhouseCoopers S.p.A. are members of ASSIREVI, the Italian association of 
auditing firms. 
Each of EY S.p.A. and PriceWaterhouseCoopers S.p.A. are authorised and regulated by the Italian ministry of 
Economy and Finance ("MEF") and registered in the Single Register of Legal Auditors at the Ministry of the 
Economy and Finance (Registro Unico dei Revisori Legali presso il Ministero dell'Economia e delle Finanze). 
The registered office of, respectively, EY S.p.A. is at Via Meravigli, 12, 20123 Milan, Italy and 
PriceWaterhouseCoopers S.p.A. is at Piazza Tre Torri, 2, 20145 Milan, Italy.

--- Page 264 ---
10261197493-v5 
- 253 - 
47-41058517 
 
TAXATION 
The statements herein regarding taxation are based on the laws in force as at the date of this Base Prospectus 
and are subject to any changes in law occurring after such date, which changes could be made on a retroactive 
basis. The following summary does not purport to be a comprehensive description of all the tax considerations 
which may be relevant to a decision to subscribe for, purchase, own or dispose of the Notes and does not purport 
to deal with the tax consequences applicable to all categories of investors, some of which (such as dealers in 
securities or commodities) may be subject to special rules. Prospective purchasers of the Notes are advised to 
consult their own tax advisers concerning the overall tax consequences of their ownership of the Notes. This 
summary is based upon the laws and/or practice in force as at the date of this Base Prospectus. Italian tax laws 
and interpretations may be subject to frequent changes which could be made on a retroactive basis. 
In any case, Italian legal or tax concepts may not be identical to the concepts described by the same English term 
as they exist under terms of different jurisdictions and any legal or tax concept expressed by using the relevant 
Italian term shall prevail over the corresponding concept expressed in English terms. 
Bill AC.1038 of 23 March 2023, which is about to be approved by the Italian parliament, would delegate power 
to the Italian Government to enact, within twenty-four months from approval, one or more legislative decrees 
envisaging the reform of the Italian tax system ("Tax Reform"). According to the current version of this Bill, the 
Tax Reform should change significantly the taxation of financial incomes and capital gains and introduce various 
amendments in the Italian tax system at different levels. The precise nature, extent, and impact of these 
amendments cannot be quantified or foreseen with certainty at this stage, the information provided in this Base 
Prospectus may not reflect the future landscape accurately. 
Tax treatment of Notes issued by the Issuer 
Italian Legislative Decree No. 239 of 1 April 1996 ("Decree No. 239") sets out the applicable tax treatment of 
interest, premium and other income (including the difference between the redemption amount and the issue price) 
(hereinafter collectively referred to as "Interest") from notes falling within the category of bonds (obbligazioni) 
or debentures similar to bonds (titoli similari alle obbligazioni) issued, inter alia, by Italian banks. 
For these purposes, pursuant to Article 44, par. 2, let. c) of Presidential Decree No. 917 of 22 December 1986, as 
amended and supplemented (Decree No. 917) securities similar to bonds (titoli similari alle obbligazioni) are 
securities that incorporate an unconditional obligation of the issuer to pay at maturity an amount not lower than 
their nominal value, with or without the payment of periodic interest, and do not give any right to directly or 
indirectly participate in the management of the issuer or to the business in connection to which the securities were 
issued, nor to control the same. 
The tax regime set forth by Decree No. 239 also applies to interest, premium and other income from regulatory 
capital financial instruments complying with EU and Italian regulatory principles, issued by, inter alia, Italian 
banks, other than shares and assimilated instruments. 
Italian Resident Noteholders 
Pursuant to Decree No. 239, where the Italian resident holder of Notes, who is the beneficial owner of such Notes, 
is: 
(a) 
an individual not engaged in an entrepreneurial activity to which the Notes are connected; or 
(b) 
a partnership (other than a società in nome collettivo or società in accomandita semplice or similar 
partnership), or a de facto partnership not carrying out commercial activities or professional association; 
or 
(c) 
a private or public entity (other than companies), a trust not carrying out mainly or exclusively 
commercial activities, the Italian State and public and territorial entities; or 
(d) 
an investor exempt from Italian corporate income taxation, 
Interest payments relating to the Notes are subject to a tax, referred to as imposta sostitutiva, levied at the rate of 
26 per cent. (either when Interest is paid or when payment thereof is obtained by the holder on a sale of the Notes). 
All the above categories are qualified as "net recipients" unless the Noteholders referred to under (a), (b) and (c) 
above have entrusted the management of their financial assets, including the Notes, to an authorised intermediary

--- Page 265 ---
10261197493-v5 
- 254 - 
47-41058517 
 
and have opted for the so called "regime del risparmio gestito" (the "Asset Management Regime") according to 
Article 7 of Italian Legislative Decree No. 461 of 21 November 1997, as amended ("Decree No. 461"). 
Where the resident holders of the Notes described above under (a) and (c) are engaged in an entrepreneurial 
activity to which the Notes are connected, imposta sostitutiva applies as a provisional income tax. Interest will be 
included in the relevant beneficial owner's Italian income tax return and will be subject to Italian ordinary income 
taxation and the imposta sostitutiva may be recovered as a deduction from Italian income tax due. 
Subject to certain limitations and requirements (including a minimum holding period), Interest in respect of Notes 
issued by the Issuer that qualify as obbligazioni or titoli similari alle obbligazioni, including Notes intended to 
qualify as Tier II Capital for regulatory capital purposes, received by Italian resident individuals holding the Notes 
not in connection with an entrepreneurial activity may be exempt from taxation, including the 26 per cent. imposta 
sostitutiva, if the Notes are included in a long-term savings account (piano individuale di risparmio a lungo 
termine) pursuant (i) to Article 1, paragraphs 100 – 114, of Law No. 232 of 11 December 2016 ("Law No. 232") 
and to Article 1, paragraphs 211 – 215, of Law No. 145 of 30 December 2018 ("Law No. 145"), as implemented 
by the Ministerial Decree 30 April 2019 as further amended by Article 1, paragraph 26 of Law No. 234 of 30 
December 2021 ("Law No. 234") as from 1 January 2022, and (ii), for long-term savings account (piano 
individuale di risparmio a lungo termine) established from 1 January 2020, to Article 13-bis of Law Decree No. 
124 of 26 October 2019 ("Law Decree No. 124"), converted into Law with amendments by Law No. 157 of 19 
December 2019, as amended and supplemented by Article 136 of Law Decree No. 34 of 19 May 2020 ("Law 
Decree No. 34"), converted into Law with amendments by Law No. 77 of 17 July 2020, by Article 68 of Law 
Decree No. 104 of 14 August 2020 ("Law Decree No. 104"), converted into Law with amendments by Law No. 
126 of 13 October 2020 and by Article 1, paragraph 27 of Law No. 234.  
Pursuant to Decree No. 239, the 26 per cent. imposta sostitutiva is applied by banks, società di intermediazione 
mobiliare (so called "SIMs"), fiduciary companies, società di gestione del risparmio ("SGRs"), stock brokers and 
other qualified entities identified by a decree of the Ministry of Finance ("Intermediaries" and each an 
"Intermediary"). An Intermediary must (a) be resident in Italy or be a permanent establishment in Italy of a non-
Italian resident Intermediary or an entity or a company not resident in Italy, acting through a system of centralised 
administration of securities and directly connected with the Italian tax authorities having appointed an Italian 
representative for the purpose of Decree No.239;and (b) intervene, in any way, in the collection of Interest or, also 
as transferees, in transfers or disposals of the Notes. For the purpose of the application of the imposta sostitutiva, 
a transfer of notes includes any assignment or other act, either with or without consideration, which results in a 
change of the ownership of the relevant notes or in a change of the Intermediary with which the notes are deposited. 
Where the Notes and the relevant coupons are not deposited with an authorised Italian Intermediary (or with a 
permanent establishment in Italy of a foreign Intermediary) meeting the requirements under (a) and (b) above, the 
imposta sostitutiva is applied and withheld by any Italian Intermediary paying Interest to the holders of the Notes 
or, absent that by the Issuer. 
Payments of Interest in respect of Notes that qualify as obbligazioni or titoli similari alle obbligazioni are not 
subject to the 26 per cent. imposta sostitutiva if made to beneficial owners who are:  
(i) 
Italian resident corporations or permanent establishments in Italy of foreign corporations to which the 
Notes are effectively connected;  
(ii) 
Italian resident partnerships carrying out commercial activities ('società in nome collettivo' or 'società in 
accomandita semplice');  
(iii) 
Italian resident open-ended or closed-ended collective investment funds (together the "Funds" and each 
a "Fund"), SICAVs, SICAFs, Italian resident real estate investment funds subject to the regime provided 
for by Law Decree No. 351 of 25 September 2001 and Italian resident pension funds referred to in 
Legislative Decree No. 252 of 5 December 2005 ("Decree No. 252"); and  
(iv) 
Italian resident holders of the Notes included in the abovementioned "net recipients" categories who have 
entrusted the management of their financial assets, including the Notes, to an authorised financial 
Intermediary and have opted for the Asset Management Regime.  
Such categories are qualified as "gross recipients". To ensure payment of Interest in respect of the Notes without 
the application of 26 per cent. imposta sostitutiva, gross recipients indicated above under (i) to (iv) must: (a) be 
the beneficial owners of payments of Interest on the Notes and (b) deposit the Notes in due time, together with 
the coupons relating to such Notes, directly or indirectly with an Italian authorised Intermediary (or a permanent

--- Page 266 ---
10261197493-v5 
- 255 - 
47-41058517 
 
establishment in Italy of a foreign Intermediary). Where the Notes and the relevant coupons are not deposited with 
an Italian authorised Intermediary (or a permanent establishment in Italy of a foreign Intermediary), the imposta 
sostitutiva is applied and withheld by any Italian Intermediary paying Interest to the holders of the Notes or, absent 
that, by the Issuer.  
Gross recipients that are Italian resident corporations or partnerships or permanent establishments in Italy of 
foreign entities to which the Notes are effectively connected are entitled to deduct imposta sostitutiva suffered 
from income taxes due. 
Interest accrued on the Notes shall be included in the corporate taxable income ("IRES"), currently applying at 
the ordinary rate of 24 per cent and, in certain circumstances, depending on the "status" of the Noteholder, also in 
the net value of production for purposes of regional tax on productive activities – ("IRAP"), generally applying 
at the rate of 3.9 per cent – of beneficial owners who are Italian resident corporations or permanent establishments 
in Italy of foreign corporations to which the Notes are effectively connected, subject to tax in Italy in accordance 
with ordinary tax rules (IRAP applies at different rates for certain categories of investors, e.g. banks, financial 
institutions and insurance companies and, in any case, may be increased or decreased by regional laws). 
Italian resident investors who have opted for the Asset Management Regime are subject to a 26 per cent. annual 
substitute tax (the "Asset Management Tax") on the increase in value of the managed assets accrued at the end 
of each tax year (which increase would include Interest accrued on the Notes). The Asset Management Tax is 
applied on behalf of the taxpayer by the managing authorised Intermediary. 
If the investor is resident in Italy and is a Fund, a SICAV or a SICAF, provided that the Notes, together with the 
coupons relating thereto, are timely deposited directly or indirectly with an Italian authorised financial 
intermediary (or permanent establishment in Italy of a non-resident intermediary), Interest accrued during the 
holding period on such Notes will not be subject to imposta sostitutiva, but must be included in the financial 
results of the Fund, the SICAV or the SICAF. The Fund, SICAV or SICAF will not be subject to taxation on such 
result, but a withholding tax of 26 per cent. will apply, in certain circumstances, to income derived by unitholders 
or shareholders in the event of distributions, redemption or sale of the units or shares (the "Collective Investment 
Fund Tax").  
Where a Noteholder is an Italian resident real estate investment fund or an Italian real estate SICAF, to which the 
provisions of Law Decree No. 351 of 25 September 2001, Law Decree No. 78 of 31 May 2010, converted into 
Law No. 122 of 30 July 2010, and Legislative Decree No. 44 of 4 March 2014, all as amended, apply and the 
relevant Notes are held by an authorised intermediary, Interest accrued on the Notes will be subject neither to 
imposta sostitutiva nor to any other income tax in the hands of the real estate investment fund or real estate SICAF. 
The income of the real estate fund or of the real estate SICAF, depending on the status and percentage of 
participation by the unitholders/shareholders, is (i) directly subject to tax in their hands or (ii) subject to a 
withholding tax at the rate of 26 per cent. upon distribution or redemption or disposal of the units/shares. 
Where a Noteholder is an Italian resident pension fund subject to the regime provided for by Article 17 of Decree 
No. 252 and the Notes are deposited with an Italian resident intermediary, Interest relating to the Notes and 
accrued during the holding period will not be subject to imposta sostitutiva but must be included in the result of 
the relevant portfolio accrued at the end of the tax period, to be subject to a 20 per cent. substitute tax (the "Pension 
Fund Tax") on the increase in value of the managed assets accrued at the end of each tax year (which increase 
would include Interest accrued on the Notes). Subject to certain limitations and requirements (including a 
minimum holding period), Interest in respect to the Notes may be excluded from the taxable base of the Pension 
Fund Tax pursuant to Article 1, paragraph 92, of Law No. 232, if the Notes are included in a long-term savings 
account (piano individuale di risparmio a lungo termine) pursuant to Article 1, paragraphs 100 – 114, of Law No. 
232 and to Article 1, paragraphs 210 – 215, of the Law No. 145, as implemented by the Ministerial Decree 30 
April 2019 and as further amended by Article 1, paragraph 26 of Law No. 234 as from 1 January 2022, and, for 
long-term savings account (piano individuale di risparmio a lungo termine) established from 1 January 2020, to 
Article 13-bis of Law Decree No. 124, as amended and supplemented by Article 136 of Law Decree No. 34, by 
Article 68 of Law Decree No. 104 and by Article 1, paragraph 27 of Law No. 234. 
Non–Italian resident Noteholders 
According to Decree No. 239, payments of Interest in respect of the Notes issued by the Issuer will not be subject 
to the imposta sostitutiva at the rate of 26 per cent. if made to beneficial owners who are non–Italian resident 
beneficial owners of the Notes with no permanent establishment in Italy to which the Notes are effectively 
connected provided that:

--- Page 267 ---
10261197493-v5 
- 256 - 
47-41058517 
 
(a) 
such beneficial owners are resident for tax purposes in a state or territory which allows for an adequate 
exchange of information with the Italian tax authorities and listed in the Ministerial Decree dated 4 
September 1996 as amended and supplemented from time to time (last amendment being made by Italian 
Ministerial Decree dated 23 March, 2017) (the "White List"). According to Article 11, par. 4, let. c) of 
Decree No. 239, the White List will be updated every six months period; and 
(b) 
all the requirements and procedures set forth in Decree No. 239 and in the relevant implementation rules, 
as subsequently amended, in order to benefit from the exemption from imposta sostitutiva are met or 
complied with in due time. 
Decree No. 239 also provides for additional exemptions from the imposta sostitutiva for payments of Interest in 
respect of the Notes made to (i) international entities and organisations established in accordance with 
international agreements ratified in Italy; (ii) certain foreign institutional investors, not subject to tax, established 
in countries which allow for an adequate exchange of information with Italy; and (iii) Central Banks or entities 
which manage, inter alia, the official reserves of a foreign State. 
To ensure payment of Interest in respect of the Notes without the application of 26 per cent. imposta sostitutiva, 
non–Italian resident investors indicated above must: 
(a) 
be the beneficial owners of payments of Interest on the Notes; 
(b) 
deposit the Notes in due time together with the coupons relating to such Notes with an Italian or non-
resident bank or financial institution (there is no requirement for the bank or financial institution to be 
EU resident) (the "First Level Bank"), acting as intermediary in the deposit of the Notes held, directly 
or indirectly, by the Noteholder with a Second Level Bank (as following defined); or with an Italian-
resident bank or SIM, or a permanent establishment in Italy of a non-resident bank or SIM, acting as 
depositary or sub-depositary of the Notes appointed to maintain direct relationships, via telematic link, 
with the Department of Revenue of the Ministry of Economy and Finance (the "Second Level Bank"). 
Organizations and companies that are not resident in Italy, acting through a system of centralised 
administration of securities and directly connected with the Department of Revenue of the Italian 
Ministry of Economy and Finance (which include Euroclear and Clearstream) are treated as Second 
Level Banks, provided that they appoint an Italian representative (an Italian resident bank or SIM, or 
permanent establishment in Italy of a non-resident bank or SIM, or a central depositary of financial 
instruments pursuant to article 80 of the Financial Services Act) for the purposes of the application of 
Decree No. 239. If a non-Italian resident Noteholder deposits the Notes directly with a Second Level 
Bank, the latter shall be treated both as a First Level Bank and a Second Level Bank; and 
(c) 
file with the relevant depository a statement (autocertificazione) in due time stating, inter alia, that he or 
she is resident, for tax purposes, in one of the above mentioned White List states and that he or she is the 
beneficial owner of any interest on the Notes. Such statement (autocertificazione), which must comply 
with the requirements set forth by Ministerial Decree of 12 December 2001 (as amended and 
supplemented), is valid until withdrawn or revoked and need not be submitted where a certificate, 
declaration or other similar document meant for equivalent uses was previously submitted to the same 
depository. The statement (autocertificazione) is not required for non–Italian resident investors that are 
international entities and organisations established in accordance with international agreements ratified 
in Italy and Central Banks or entities which manage, inter alia, the official reserves of a foreign state. 
Failure of a non–resident holder of the Notes to comply in due time with the procedures set forth in Decree No. 
239 and in the relevant implementation rules will result in the application of imposta sostitutiva on Interests 
payments to a non–resident holder of the Notes. 
Non-resident holders of the Notes who are subject to substitute tax might, nevertheless, be eligible for a total or 
partial relief under an applicable tax treaty between the Republic of Italy and the country of residence of the 
relevant holder of the Notes. 
Fungible issues 
Pursuant to Article 11, paragraph 2 of Decree No. 239, where the Issuer issues a new Tranche forming part of a 
single series with a previous Tranche, for the purposes of calculating the amount of Interest subject to imposta 
sostitutiva (if any), the issue price of the new Tranche will be deemed to be the same as the issue price of the 
original Tranche. This rule applies where (a) the new Tranche is issued within 12 months from the issue date of 
the previous Tranche and (b) the difference between the issue price of the new Tranche and that of the original 
Tranche does not exceed 1 per cent. of the nominal value of the Notes multiplied by the number of years of the 
duration of the Notes.

--- Page 268 ---
10261197493-v5 
- 257 - 
47-41058517 
 
Atypical securities 
Interest payments relating to Notes that are not deemed to fall within the category of bonds (obbligazioni) or 
securities similar to bonds (titoli similari alle obbligazioni), so called "titoli atipici", may be subject to a 
withholding tax, levied at the rate of 26 per cent under Law Decree No. 512 of 30 September 1983 ("Decree No. 
512"). For this purpose, securities similar to bonds are securities that incorporate an unconditional obligation to 
pay, at maturity, an amount not lower than their nominal value with or without the payment of periodic interest, 
and do not give any right to directly or indirectly participate in the management of the issuer or to the business in 
connection to which the securities were issued, nor to control the same. 
Where the Noteholder is (i) an Italian individual engaged in an entrepreneurial activity to which the Notes are 
connected, (ii) an Italian company or a similar Italian commercial entity, (iii) a permanent establishment in Italy 
of a foreign entity to which the Notes are connected, (iv) an Italian commercial partnership or (v) an Italian 
commercial private or public institution, such withholding tax is a provisional withholding tax. In all other cases, 
the withholding tax is a final withholding tax.  
Non-resident holders of the Notes who are subject to the withholding tax under Decree No. 512 might, 
nevertheless, be eligible for a total or partial relief under an applicable tax treaty between the Republic of Italy 
and the country of residence of the relevant holder of the Notes, subject to timely filing of required documentation. 
Subject to certain limitations and requirements (including a minimum holding period), Italian resident individuals 
not acting in connection with an entrepreneurial activity may be exempt from any income taxation, including the 
withholding tax on interest, premium and other income relating to the Notes not falling within the category of 
bonds (obbligazioni) or securities similar to bonds (titoli similari alle obbligazioni) and qualify as titoli atipici 
("atypical securities") pursuant to Article 5 of Decree No. 512, including Notes intended to qualify as Tier II 
Capital for regulatory capital purposes, if such Notes are included in a long-term individual savings account (piano 
individuale di risparmio a lungo termine) pursuant to Article 1, paragraphs 100 -114 of Law No. 232 and to 
Article 1, paragraphs 211 – 215, of the Law No. 145, as implemented by the Ministerial Decree 30 April 2019 
and as further amended by Article 1, paragraph 26 of Law No. 234 as from 1 January 2022, and, for long-term 
savings account (piano individuale di risparmio a lungo termine) established from 1 January 2020, to Article 13-
bis of Law Decree No. 124, as amended and supplemented by Article 136 of Law Decree No. 34, by Article 68 
of Law Decree No. 104 and by Article 1, paragraph 27 of Law No. 234. 
Capital Gains 
Italian resident Noteholders 
Pursuant to Decree No. 461, a 26 per cent. capital gains tax (referred to as "imposta sostitutiva") is applicable to 
capital gains realised by: 
(a) 
an Italian resident individual not engaged in entrepreneurial activities to which the Notes are connected; 
(b) 
an Italian resident partnership not carrying out commercial activities (other than a società in nome 
collettivo or a società in accomandita semplice or a similar partnership) or a de facto partnership not 
carrying out commercial activities; 
(c) 
an Italian private or public institution (other than a company), a trust not carrying out mainly or 
exclusively commercial activities, 
on any sale or transfer for consideration of the Notes or redemption thereof. Under certain conditions and 
limitations, Noteholders may set off any capital losses with their capital gains. 
Under the so called "regime della dichiarazione" (the "Tax Declaration Regime"), which is the standard regime 
for taxation of capital gains for Italian-resident individuals Noteholders under a) to c) above not engaged in an 
entrepreneurial activity to which the Notes are connected, the 26 per cent. imposta sostitutiva on capital gains will 
be chargeable, on a yearly cumulative basis, on all capital gains net of any relevant incurred capital losses of the 
same kind realised by the relevant Italian-resident individual holding the Notes pursuant to all investment 
transactions carried out during any given fiscal year. The capital gains realised in a year net of any relevant 
incurred capital losses must be detailed in the relevant annual tax return to be filed with Italian tax authorities and 
imposta sostitutiva must be paid on such capital gains together with any balance income tax due for the relevant 
tax year. Capital losses in excess of capital gains may be carried forward against capital gains of the same kind 
for up to the fourth subsequent fiscal year.  
Alternatively to the Tax Declaration Regime, holders of the Notes who are:

--- Page 269 ---
10261197493-v5 
- 258 - 
47-41058517 
 
(a) 
Italian resident individuals not engaged in entrepreneurial activities to which the Notes are connected; 
(b) 
Italian resident partnerships not carrying out commercial activities; 
(c) 
Italian private or public institutions not carrying out mainly or exclusively commercial activities, 
may elect to pay imposta sostitutiva separately on capital gains realised on each sale or transfer or redemption of 
the Notes under the so called "regime del risparmio amministrato" (the "Administrative Savings Regime"). Such 
separate taxation of capital gains is allowed subject to (i) the Notes being deposited with banks, SIMs and any 
other Italian qualified intermediary (or permanent establishment in Italy of foreign intermediary) and (ii) an 
express election for the Administrative Savings Regime being made in writing in due time by the relevant holder 
of the Notes. The intermediary is responsible for accounting for imposta sostitutiva in respect of capital gains 
realised on each sale or transfer or redemption of the Notes, as well as on capital gains realised as at revocation 
of its mandate, net of any relevant incurred capital losses, and is required to pay the relevant amount to the Italian 
tax authorities on behalf of the holder of the Notes, deducting a corresponding amount from proceeds to be credited 
to the holder of the Notes. Where a sale or transfer or redemption of the Notes results in a capital loss, the 
intermediary is entitled to deduct such loss from gains of the same kind subsequently realised on assets held by 
the holder of the Notes within the same relationship of deposit in the same tax year or in the following tax years 
up to the fourth. Under the Administrative Savings Regime, the realised capital gain is not required to be included 
in the annual income tax return of the Noteholder. 
Special rules apply if the Notes are part of a portfolio managed under the Asset Management Regime by an Italian 
asset management company or an authorised intermediary. The capital gains realised by Italian-resident 
individuals Noteholders under a) to c) above holding the Notes not in connection with an entrepreneurial activity 
and who have entrusted the management of their financial assets (including the Notes) to an authorised 
intermediary and have opted for the so-called "risparmio gestito" regime provided for by Article 7 of Decree No. 
461 upon sale, transfer or redemption of the Notes will not be subject to 26 per cent. imposta sostitutiva on capital 
gains but will contribute to determine the annual accrued appreciation of the managed portfolio, subject to the 
Asset Management Tax. Any depreciation of the managed portfolio accrued at year end may be carried forward 
against appreciation accrued in each of the following years up to the fourth. Also under the Asset Management 
Regime the realised capital gain is not required to be included in the annual income tax return of the Noteholder. 
Subject to certain limitations and requirements (including a minimum holding period), capital gains in respect of 
Notes realized upon sale, transfer or redemption by Italian resident individuals holding the Notes not in connection 
with an entrepreneurial activity may be exempt from taxation, including the 26 per cent. imposta sostitutiva, if the 
Notes are included in a long-term individual savings account (piano individuale di risparmio a lungo termine) 
pursuant to Article 1, paragraphs 100 – 114, of Law No. 232 and to Article 1, paragraphs 211 – 215, of the Law 
No. 145, as implemented by the Ministerial Decree 30 April 2019 and as further amended by Article 1, paragraph 
26 of Law No. 234 as from 1 January 2022, and, for long-term savings account (piano individuale di risparmio a 
lungo termine) established from 1 January 2020, to Article 13-bis of Law Decree No. 124, as amended and 
supplemented by Article 136 of Law Decree No. 34, by Article 68 of Law Decree No. 104 and by Article 1, 
paragraph 27 of Law No. 234. According to Article 1 (219-226) of Law 30 December 2020, No. 178, as 
supplemented by Article 1 (912) of Law No. 234, under certain conditions, if the Notes are included in a long-
term savings account that meets specific requirements, capital losses realised upon sale or redemption of the Notes 
give rise to a tax credit amounting to the lower of the capital losses and (i) the 20% of the amount invested in the 
long-term saving accounts for investments made by 2021 or (ii) the 10% for investments made by 2022. 
In the case of Notes held by Funds, SICAVs and SICAFs, capital gains on Notes contribute to determinate the 
increase in value of the managed assets of the Funds, SICAVs or SICAFs accrued at the end of each tax year. The 
Funds, SICAVs or SICAFs will not be subject to taxation on such increase, but the Collective Investment Fund 
Tax will apply, in certain circumstances, to distributions made in favour of unitholders or shareholders.  
Where a Noteholder is an Italian resident real estate investment fund or an Italian real estate SICAF, to which the 
provisions of Law Decree No. 351 of 25 September 2001, Law Decree No. 78 of 31 May 2010, converted into 
Law No. 122 of 30 July 2010, and Legislative Decree No. 44 of 4 March 2014, all as amended, apply, capital 
gains realised will be subject neither to imposta sostitutiva nor to any other income tax in the hands of the real 
estate investment fund or real estate SICAF. The income of the real estate fund or of the real estate SICAF, 
depending on the status and percentage of participation by the unitholders/shareholders, is (i) directly subject to 
tax in their hands or (ii) subject to a withholding tax at the rate of 26 per cent. upon distribution or redemption or 
disposal of the units/shares.  
Any capital gains realised by a Noteholder who is an Italian pension fund (subject to the regime provided for by 
Article 17 of Decree No. 252) will be included in the result of the relevant portfolio accrued at the end of the tax 
period, to be subject to the Pension Fund Tax. Subject to certain limitations and requirements (including a

--- Page 270 ---
10261197493-v5 
- 259 - 
47-41058517 
 
minimum holding period), capital gains realised in respect to the Notes may be excluded from the taxable base of 
the Pension Fund Tax pursuant to Article 1, paragraph 92, of Law No. 232, if the Notes are included in a long-
term savings account (piano individuale di risparmio a lungo termine) pursuant to Article 1, paragraphs 100 – 
114, of Law No. 232 and to Article 1, paragraphs 210 – 215, of Law No. 145, as implemented by the Ministerial 
Decree 30 April 2019 and as further amended by Article 1, paragraph 26 of Law No. 234 as from 1 January 2022, 
and, for long-term savings account established from 1 January 2020, to Article 13-bis of Law Decree No. 124, as 
lastly amended and supplemented by article 136 of Law Decree No. 34, by article 68 of Law Decree No. 104 and 
by article 1, paragraph 27 of Law No. 234. 
Any capital gains realised by Italian resident corporations or similar commercial entities or permanent 
establishments in Italy of non-Italian resident corporations to which the Notes are connected, will be included in 
their business income (and, in certain cases, may also be included in the taxable net value of production for IRAP 
purposes), subject to tax in Italy according to the relevant ordinary tax rules. 
Non–Italian resident Noteholders 
The 26 per cent. imposta sostitutiva on capital gains may in certain circumstances be payable on any capital gains 
realised upon sale, transfer or redemption of the Notes by non–Italian resident individuals and corporations 
without a permanent establishment in Italy to which the Notes are effectively connected, if the Notes are held in 
Italy. 
However, pursuant to Article 23 of Presidential Decree No. 917 of 22 December 1986, as subsequently amended 
and supplemented, any capital gains realised by non–Italian residents without a permanent establishment in Italy 
to which the Notes are effectively connected through the sale for consideration or redemption of the Notes are 
exempt from taxation in Italy to the extent that the Notes are listed on a regulated market in Italy or abroad, and 
in certain cases subject to timely filing of required documentation (in the form of a declaration (autocertificazione) 
of non–residence in Italy) with Italian qualified intermediaries (or permanent establishments in Italy of foreign 
intermediaries) with which the Notes are deposited, even if the Notes are held in Italy and regardless of the 
provisions set forth by any applicable double tax treaty. 
Where the Notes are not listed on a regulated market in Italy or abroad: 
(a) 
pursuant to the provisions of Decree No. 461 non Italian resident beneficial owners of the Notes with no 
permanent establishment in Italy to which the Notes are effectively connected are exempt from the 
imposta sostitutiva on any capital gains realised upon sale for consideration or redemption of the Notes 
if they are resident, for tax purposes: (a) in a state or territory listed in the White List as defined above, 
and (b) all the requirements and procedures set forth in Decree No. 239 and in the relevant 
implementation rules, as subsequently amended, in order to benefit from the exemption from imposta 
sostitutiva are met or complied with in due time. Under these circumstances, if non-Italian residents 
without a permanent establishment in Italy to which the Notes are effectively connected elect for the 
Asset Management Regime or are subject to the Administrative Savings Regime, exemption from Italian 
capital gains tax will apply upon condition that they file in time with the authorised financial intermediary 
an appropriate declaration (autocertificazione) stating that they meet the requirement indicated above. 
The same exemption applies where the beneficial owners of the Notes are (i) international entities or 
organisations established in accordance with international agreements ratified by Italy; (ii) certain foreign 
institutional investors, not subject to tax, established in countries which allow for an adequate exchange 
of information with Italy; or (iii) Central Banks or entities which manage, inter alia, the official reserves 
of a foreign State; and 
(b) 
in any event, non–Italian resident individuals or entities without a permanent establishment in Italy to 
which the Notes are effectively connected that may benefit from a double taxation treaty with Italy, 
providing that capital gains realised upon sale or redemption of Notes are to be taxed only in the country 
of tax residence of the recipient, will not be subject to imposta sostitutiva in Italy on any capital gains 
realised upon sale for consideration or redemption of Notes. 
Under these circumstances, if non-Italian resident Noteholders without a permanent establishment in Italy to 
which the Notes are effectively connected elect for the Asset Management Regime or are subject to the 
Administrative Savings Regime, exemption from Italian capital gains tax will apply upon condition that they 
promptly file with the Italian authorised financial intermediary a self-declaration attesting that all the requirements 
for the application of the relevant double taxation treaty are met. 
Inheritance and gift tax

--- Page 271 ---
10261197493-v5 
- 260 - 
47-41058517 
 
Pursuant to Law Decree No. 262 of 3 October 2006, converted with amendments by Law No. 286 of 24 November 
2006 effective from 29 November 2006, and Law No. 296 of 27 December 2006, the transfers of any valuable 
assets (including the Notes) as a result of death or donation (or other transfers for no consideration) of Italian 
residents and non-Italian residents (but in such latter case limited to assets held within the Italian territory – which, 
for presumption of law, includes bonds issued by Italian resident issuers) and the creation of liens on such assets 
for a specific purpose are taxed as follows: 
(a) 
4 per cent. if the transfer is made to spouses and direct descendants or ancestors; in this case, the transfer 
is subject to tax on the value exceeding €1,000,000 (per beneficiary); 
(b) 
6 per cent. if the transfer if made to brothers and sisters; in this case, the transfer is subject to the tax on 
the value exceeding €100,000 (per beneficiary); 
(c) 
6 per cent. if the transfer is made to relatives up to the fourth degree, to persons related by direct affinity 
as well as to persons related by collateral affinity up to the third degree; and 
(d) 
8 per cent. in all other cases. 
If the transfer is made in favour of persons with severe disabilities, the tax applies on the value exceeding 
€1,500,000. 
If the donee sells the Notes for consideration within five years from the receipt thereof as a gift, the donee is 
required to pay the relevant imposta sostitutiva on capital gains as if the gift has never taken place. 
With respect to Notes listed on a regulated market, the value for inheritance and gift tax purposes is the average 
stock exchange price of the last quarter preceding the date of the succession or of the gift (including any accrued 
interest). With respect to unlisted Notes, the value for inheritance tax and gift tax purposes is generally determined 
by reference to the value of listed debt securities having similar features or based on certain elements as presented 
in the Italian tax law. 
The mortis causa transfer of financial instruments included in a long-term savings account (piano individuale di 
risparmio a lungo termine), that meets the requirements set forth in Article 1, paragraphs 100 - 114 of Law No. 
232 and Article 1, paragraphs 211 – 215 of Law No. 145, as implemented by the Ministerial Decree 30 April 2019 
and as further amended by Article 1, paragraph 26 of Law No. 234 as from 1 January 2022, and, for long-term 
savings account (piano individuale di risparmio a lungo termine) established from 1 January 2020, under Article 
13-bis of Law Decree No. 124, as amended and supplemented by Article 136 of Law Decree No. 34, by Article 
68 of Law Decree No. 104 and by Article 1, paragraph 27 of Law No. 234, are exempt from inheritance taxes. 
Transfer tax 
Contracts relating to the transfer of securities are subject to the registration tax as follows: (i) public deeds and 
notarised deeds (atti pubblici e scritture private autenticate) are subject to fixed registration tax at rate of €200; 
(ii) private deeds (scritture private non autenticate) are subject to fixed registration tax only in case of use or 
voluntary registration or occurrence of the so called "enunciazione". 
Tax Monitoring Obligations 
Italian resident individuals, non-commercial entities, non-commercial partnerships and similar institutions are 
required to report in their yearly income tax return (or, in case the income tax return is not due, in a proper form 
that must be filed within the same time as prescribed for the income tax return), according to Law Decree No. 167 
of 28 June 1990 converted into law by Law No. 227 of 4 August 1990, as amended from time to time, for tax 
monitoring purposes, the amount of Notes directly or indirectly held abroad during each tax year, regardless of 
the value of such assets. The requirement applies also where the persons above, being not the direct holder of the 
financial instruments, are the actual economic owner thereof for the purpose of anti-money laundering legislation. 
Furthermore, the above reporting requirement is not required to comply with respect to: (i) Notes deposited for 
management with qualified Italian financial intermediaries; (ii) contracts entered into through their intervention, 
upon condition that the items of income derived from the Notes have been subject to tax by the same intermediaries; 
or (iii) if the foreign investments are only composed by deposits and/or bank accounts and their aggregate value 
does not exceed a €15,000 threshold throughout the year. 
Stamp duty 
Pursuant to Article 13 par. 2 ter of the tariff Part I attached to Presidential Decree No. 642 of 26 October 1972, a 
proportional stamp duty applies on an annual basis to any periodic reporting communications which may be sent

--- Page 272 ---
10261197493-v5 
- 261 - 
47-41058517 
 
by a financial intermediary to their clients in respect of any financial product and instrument (including the Notes), 
which may be deposited with such financial intermediary in Italy. The stamp duty applies at a rate of 0.2 per cent. 
and it cannot exceed €14,000 for taxpayers which are not individuals. This stamp duty is determined on the basis 
of the market value or, if no market value figure is available, on the face value or redemption value, or in the case 
the face or redemption values cannot be determined, on the purchase value of the financial assets (including 
banking bonds, obbligazioni and capital adequacy financial instruments) held.  
The statement is deemed to be sent at least once a year, even for instruments for which is not mandatory nor the 
deposit nor the release nor the drafting of the statement. In case of reporting periods of less than 12 months, the 
stamp duty is payable based on the period accounted.  
Based on the wording of the law and the implementing decree issued by the Italian Ministry of Economy on 24 
May 2012, the stamp duty applies to any investor who is a client (as defined in the regulations issued by the Bank 
of Italy on 20 June 2012) of an entity that exercises in any form a banking, financial or insurance activity within 
the Italian territory.  
Wealth tax on financial assets deposited abroad 
According to Article 19 of Law Decree No. 201 of 6 December 2011, converted into law by Law No. 214 of 22 
December 2011, as amended by Article 1(710)(d) of Law 27 December 2019, No. 160 and Article 134 of Law 
Decree No. 34, individuals, non-commercial entities, non-commercial partnerships (so called società semplici) 
and similar entities in accordance with Article 5 of Decree No. 917 which are resident in Italy for tax purposes 
holding financial assets – including the Notes – outside of the Italian territory are required to declare in its own 
annual tax declaration and pay a wealth tax (IVAFE) at the rate of 0.2 per cent (the level of tax being determined 
in proportion to the period of ownership) for each year and it cannot exceed €14,000 for taxpayers which are not 
individuals.  
This tax is calculated on the market value at the end of the relevant year or, if no market value figure is available, 
on the nominal value or redemption value, or in the case the face or redemption values cannot be determined, on 
the purchase value of any financial asset (including the Notes) held abroad by Italian resident individuals. A tax 
credit is granted for any foreign property tax levied abroad on such financial assets (up to the amount of the Italian 
wealth tax due). The financial assets held abroad are excluded from the scope of the wealth tax if administered by 
Italian financial intermediaries pursuant to an administration agreement and the items of income derived from 
such instruments have been subject to tax by the same intermediaries. In this case, the above mentioned stamp 
duty provided for by Article 13 of the Tariff attached to Decree 642 does apply. 
FATCA 
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, commonly known as FATCA, a "foreign 
financial institution" may be required to withhold on certain payments it makes ("foreign passthru payments") to 
persons that fail to meet certain certification, reporting, or related requirements. A number of jurisdictions 
(including the jurisdiction of the Issuer) have entered into, or have agreed in substance to, intergovernmental 
agreements with the United States to implement FATCA ("IGAs"), which modify the way in which FATCA 
applies in their jurisdictions. Certain aspects of the application of the FATCA provisions and IGAs to instruments 
such as the Notes, including whether withholding would ever be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with 
respect to payments on instruments such as the Notes, are uncertain and may be subject to change. Even if 
withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as 
the Notes, such withholding would not apply prior to the date that is two years after the date on which final 
regulations defining foreign passthru payments are published in the U.S. Federal Register. However, if additional 
notes (as described under "Terms and Conditions—Further Issues") that are not distinguishable from previously 
issued Notes are issued after the expiration of the grandfathering period and are subject to withholding under 
FATCA, then withholding agents may treat all Notes, including the Notes offered prior to the expiration of the 
grandfathering period, as subject to withholding under FATCA. Holders should consult their own tax advisors 
regarding how these rules may apply to their investment in the Notes.

--- Page 273 ---
10261197493-v5 
- 262 - 
47-41058517 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
Notes may be sold from time to time by the Issuer to any one or more of the Dealers. The arrangements under 
which Notes may from time to time be agreed to be sold by the Issuer to, and purchased by, Dealers are set out in 
a dealer agreement dated on or about the date hereof (the "Dealer Agreement") and made between the Issuer and 
the Dealers. Any such agreement will, inter alia, make provision for the form and terms and conditions for the 
relevant Notes, the price at which such Notes will be purchased by a Dealer and the commissions or other agreed 
deductibles (if any) payable or allowable by the Issuer in respect of such purchase. The Dealer Agreement makes 
provision for the resignation or termination of appointment of the existing Dealers and for the appointment of 
additional or other Dealers either generally in respect of the Programme or in relation to a particular Tranche of 
Notes. 
General 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent, warrant and agree that it has complied and will comply with all applicable laws and 
regulations in each country or jurisdiction in or from which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or possesses, 
distributes or publishes this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms or any related offering material, in all cases at its 
own expense. Other persons into whose hands this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms comes are required by the 
Issuer and the Dealers to comply with all applicable laws and regulations in each country or jurisdiction in or from 
which they purchase, offer, sell or deliver Notes or possess, distribute or publish this Base Prospectus or any Final 
Terms or any related offering material, in all cases at their own expense. 
The Dealer Agreement provides that the Dealers shall not be bound by any of the restrictions relating to any 
specific jurisdiction (set out above) to the extent that such restrictions shall as a result of any change(s), or any 
change(s) in official interpretation, after the date hereof of applicable laws and regulations no longer be applicable, 
but without prejudice to the obligations of the Dealers described in the preceding paragraph headed "General" 
above. 
Selling restrictions may be supplemented or modified with the agreement of the Issuer. Any such supplement or 
modification may be set out in the applicable Final Terms (in the case of a supplement or modification relevant 
only to a particular Tranche of Notes) or in a supplement to this Base Prospectus. 
United States of America  
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act and may not be offered or sold within 
the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in certain transactions exempt from 
the registration requirements of the Securities Act. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them 
by Regulation S. 
The Notes are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United 
States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain transactions permitted by U.S. tax 
regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the United States Internal Revenue 
Code and regulations thereunder. 
Each Dealer has agreed that, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree 
that, except as permitted by the Dealer Agreement, it will not offer, sell or deliver Notes, (i) as part of their 
distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until 40 days after the completion of the distribution of the Notes 
comprising the relevant Tranche within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons, and 
such Dealer will have sent to each dealer to which it sells Notes during the distribution compliance period relating 
thereto a confirmation or other notice setting forth the restrictions on offers and sales of the Notes within the 
United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. 
In addition, until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of Notes comprising any Tranche, any offer or 
sale of Notes within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may violate the 
registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies the "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" as 
"Not Applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and 
will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by

--- Page 274 ---
10261197493-v5 
- 263 - 
47-41058517 
 
this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the European 
Economic Area. 
For the purposes of this provision the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the 
following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended, the "Insurance 
Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as 
defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. 
Republic of Italy 
The offering of the Notes has not been cleared by or registered with the Commissione Nazionale per le Società e 
la Borsa ("CONSOB") pursuant to Italian securities legislation.  
Without prejudice to the section entitled "General" above, each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed that 
it has not offered, sold or delivered, and will not offer, sell or deliver any Notes nor distribute any copies of this 
Base Prospectus or any other document relating to the Notes in the Republic of Italy, except in circumstances 
falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation or Article 3(2) of the Prospectus Regulation and Article 
34-ter of CONSOB Regulation No. 11971 of 14 May 1999, as amended from time to time. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed that any offer, sale or delivery of the Notes or distribution of copies of 
this Base Prospectus or any other document relating to the Notes in the Republic of Italy will be made in 
accordance with all Italian securities, tax and exchange control and other applicable laws and regulations.  
Any such offer, sale or delivery of the Notes or distribution of copies of the Base Prospectus or any other document 
relating to the Notes in the Republic of Italy must be made in compliance with the selling restrictions above and 
must be: 
(a) 
made by soggetti abilitati (including investment firms, banks or financial intermediaries permitted to 
conduct such activities in the Republic of Italy in accordance with the relevant provisions of the Financial 
Services Act, CONSOB Regulation No. 20307, as amended from time to time, Legislative Decree No. 
385 of 1 September 1993, as amended (the "Banking Act") and any other applicable laws or regulations; 
(b) 
in compliance with Article 129 of the Italian Banking Act, as amended, pursuant to which the Bank of 
Italy may request information on the issue or the offer of securities in the Republic of Italy and the 
relevant implementing guidelines of the Bank of Italy, issued on 25 August 2015, as amended; and 
(c) 
in compliance with any other applicable laws and regulations or requirement imposed by CONSOB or 
the Bank of Italy or any other Italian authority.  
United Kingdom 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors" as "Not 
Applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, 
sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base 
Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the United Kingdom.  
For the purposes of this provision the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the 
following: 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA); or  
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the 
"FSMA") and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where 
that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation 
(EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK MiFIR").

--- Page 275 ---
10261197493-v5 
- 264 - 
47-41058517 
 
Other UK regulatory restrictions 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent and agree, that: 
(i) 
in relation to any Notes which have a maturity of less than one year, (a) it is a person whose ordinary 
activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or agent) 
for the purposes of its business and (b) it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Notes other 
than to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of 
investments (as principal or as agent) for the purposes of their businesses or who it is reasonable to expect 
will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their 
businesses where the issue of the Notes would otherwise constitute a contravention of Section 19 of the 
FSMA by the Issuer; 
(ii) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be 
communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of 
Section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Notes in circumstances 
in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer; and 
(iii) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA and the regulations adopted 
thereunder with respect to anything done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving 
the United Kingdom. 
France 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent and agree that it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell, directly or indirectly, any Notes to 
the public in France and it has not distributed or caused to be distributed and will not distribute or cause to be 
distributed to the public in France this Base Prospectus or any other offering material relating to the Notes except 
to (a) qualified investors (investisseurs qualifiés), as defined in article 2(e) of the Prospectus Regulation, and/or 
(b) a limited circle of investors (cercle restreint) acting for their own account, in accordance with, Articles L. 411-
1, L. 411-2 and D. 411-4 of the French Code monétaire et financier.  
Japan 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of Japan 
(Act No. 25 of 1948), as amended (the "FIEA"). Accordingly, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each 
further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not, directly or 
indirectly, offered or sold and will not, directly or indirectly, offer to sell any Notes in Japan or to, or for the 
benefit of, a resident of Japan (which term as used herein means any person resident in Japan, including any 
corporation or other entity organised under the laws of Japan) or to others for re-offering or resale, directly or 
indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident in Japan, except pursuant to an exemption from the 
registration requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with, FIEA and other relevant laws and regulations of 
Japan. 
Singapore 
Each Dealer has acknowledged that this Base Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with the Monetary 
Authority of Singapore. Accordingly, each Dealer has represented and agreed that it has not offered or sold any 
Notes or caused the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase and will not offer 
or sell any Notes or cause the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, and has 
not circulated or distributed, nor will it circulate or distribute, this Base Prospectus or any other document or 
material in connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase, of the Notes, whether 
directly or indirectly, to any person in Singapore other than (i) to an institutional investor (as defined in Section 
4A of the Securities and Futures Act 2001, as modified or amended from time to time (the "SFA")) pursuant to 
Section 274 of the SFA, (ii) to a relevant person (as defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA) pursuant to Section 
275(1) of the SFA, or any person pursuant to Section 275(1A) of the SFA, and in accordance with the conditions 
specified in Section 275 of the SFA, or (iii) otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance with the conditions of, any 
other applicable provision of the SFA. 
Where the Notes are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person which is:

--- Page 276 ---
10261197493-v5 
- 265 - 
47-41058517 
 
(a) 
a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) the sole business 
of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by one or more individuals, 
each of whom is an accredited investor; or 
(b) 
a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold investments and 
each beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited investor, 
securities or securities-based derivatives contracts (each term as defined in Section 2(1) of the SFA) of that 
corporation or the beneficiaries' rights and interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall not be transferred 
within six months after that corporation or that trust has acquired the Notes pursuant to an offer made under 
Section 275 of the SFA except: 
(1) 
to an institutional investor or to a relevant person, or to any person arising from an offer referred to in 
Section 275(1A) or Section 276(4)(c)(ii) of the SFA; 
(2) 
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer; 
(3) 
where the transfer is by operation of law; 
(4) 
as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA; or 
(5) 
as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) (Securities and 
Securities-based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018. 
Notification under Section 309B(1)(c) of the SFA – Unless otherwise stated in the Final Terms in respect of any 
Notes, all Notes issued or to be issued under the Programme shall be prescribed capital markets products (as 
defined in the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018) and Excluded Investment 
Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice 
FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products). 
Switzerland 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer to the public or a solicitation to purchase or invest in any Notes. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent and agree that no Notes have been offered or will be offered to the public in Switzerland, except that 
offers of Notes may be made to the public in Switzerland at any time under the following exemptions under the 
Swiss Financial Services Act ("FinSA"): 
(a) 
to any person which is a professional client as defined under the FinSA; or 
(b) 
in any circumstances falling within Article 36 FinSA in connection with Article 44 of the Swiss Financial 
Services Ordinance, 
provided that no such offer of Notes shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to 
Article 35 FinSA. 
The Notes have not been and will not be listed or admitted to trading on a trading venue in Switzerland. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other offering or marketing material relating to the Notes constitutes a 
prospectus as such term is understood pursuant to the FinSA and neither this Base Prospectus nor any other 
offering or marketing material relating to the Notes may be publicly distributed or otherwise made publicly 
available in Switzerland.

--- Page 277 ---
10261197493-v5 
- 266 - 
47-41058517 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
The CSSF has approved this document as a base prospectus. Application has also been made to the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Notes issued under the Programme to be admitted to trading on the 
regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and to be listed on the Official List of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange. The Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated market is a regulated market 
for the purposes of MiFID II.  
The Programme provides that Notes may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on such 
other or further stock exchange(s) or markets as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer. 
The Issuer may also issue unlisted Notes and/or Notes not admitted to trading on any market. 
2. 
AUTHORISATION 
The update of the Programme was authorised by the Board of Directors of the Issuer on 1 June 2023. 
The Issuer will obtain from time to time all necessary consents, approvals and authorisations in 
connection with the issue and performance of the Notes. 
3. 
LEGAL AND ARBITRATION PROCEEDINGS 
Save as set out in "Description of the Issuer—Legal Proceedings" on page 246 of this Base Prospectus, 
neither the Issuer nor any other member of the Group is or has been involved in any governmental, legal 
or arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings which are pending or threatened of which the 
Issuer is aware) in the 12 months preceding the date of this Base Prospectus which may have or have in 
such period had a significant effect on the financial position or profitability of the Issuer or the Group. 
4. 
INDEPENDENT AUDITORS  
The consolidated annual financial statements of the Issuer as of and for the years ended 31 December 
2022 and 31 December 2021 have been prepared by the Issuer in accordance with IFRS and have been 
audited without qualification by EY S.p.A. as stated in the English translations of their audit reports 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. 
EY S.p.A., with registered office at Via Meravigli 12, 20123 Milan, Italy, is registered under No. 70945 
in the Single Register of Legal Auditors at the Ministry of the Economy and Finance (Registro Unico dei 
Revisori Legali presso il Ministero dell'Economia e delle Finanze). EY S.p.A. is also a member of 
ASSIREVI, the Italian association of auditing firms. 
On 28 April 2022, the Shareholders meeting of the Issuer appointed PricewaterhouseCoopers S.p.A. as 
independent auditors of the Issuer for the nine-year period 2023-2031. 
PricewaterhouseCoopers S.p.A., is an independent registered public accounting firm, authorized and 
regulated by the Italian Ministry of Economy and Finance and registered on the special register of 
auditing firms maintained by the MEF. The registered office of PricewaterhouseCoopers S.p.A. is at 
Piazza Tre Torri 2, Milan, Italy. 
5. 
SIGNIFICANT MATERIAL CHANGE 
Since 31 December 2022, there has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer and 
its Group and, since 31 March 2023, there has been no significant change in the financial position or 
financial performance of the Issuer and its Group. 
6. 
DOCUMENTS ON DISPLAY 
For so long as the Programme remains in effect or any of the Notes are outstanding, copies of the 
following documents may be inspected in electronic format during normal business hours at the specified 
office of each Paying Agent: 
(a) 
the by-laws of the Issuer; 
(b) 
the Agency Agreement for the English Law Notes in Physical Form; 
(c) 
the Agency Agreement for the Italian Law Notes in Physical Form;

--- Page 278 ---
10261197493-v5 
- 267 - 
47-41058517 
 
(d) 
the Deed of Covenant; 
(e) 
the Programme Manual (being a manual containing suggested operating procedures for the 
Programme); 
(f) 
any Final Terms relating to Notes which are listed on any stock exchange (save that Final Terms 
relating to Notes which are neither admitted to trading on a Regulated Market in the European 
Economic Area or offered in the European Economic Area or in the UK in circumstances where 
a base prospectus is required to be published under the Prospectus Regulation will only be 
available for inspection by the relevant Noteholders and such holder must produce evidence 
satisfactory to the Issuer and the Paying Agent as to its holding of Notes and identity); 
(g) 
this Base Prospectus and any supplement to this Base Prospectus and any other document 
incorporated by reference herein or therein; 
(h) 
the audited consolidated annual financial statements of the Issuer as of and for the years ended 
31 December 2022 and 2021; 
(i) 
the most recently published audited or unaudited consolidated (if available) financial statements 
of the Issuer; and 
(j) 
the Issuer-ICSDs Agreement (which is entered into between the Issuer and Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg with respect to the settlement in Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg of Notes Physical Form that are in New Global Note form). 
A copy of this Base Prospectus, any supplements thereto, each Final Terms relating to Notes which are 
admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated market will also be electronically 
available for viewing on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's website (www.luxse.com). A copy of the 
documents incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus as well as copies of the documents listed in 
(a) to (i) above will be electronically available for viewing on the Issuer's website (www.bancaifis.it). 
7. 
CLEARING OF THE NOTES 
The Notes in Physical Form have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg. The appropriate common code and the International Securities Identification Number in 
relation to the Notes of each Tranche will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. The applicable 
Final Terms shall specify any other clearing system as shall have accepted the relevant Notes for 
clearance together with any further appropriate information. The address of Euroclear is 1 Boulevard du 
Roi Albert II, B 1210 Brussels, Belgium and the address of Clearstream, Luxembourg is 42 Avenue J.F. 
Kennedy, L 1855 Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg. 
The Dematerialised Notes have been accepted for clearance by Monte Titoli. The Dematerialised Notes 
will be in bearer form and held in dematerialised form on behalf of the beneficial owners, until 
redemption or cancellation thereof, by Monte Titoli S.p.A. (with registered office and principal place of 
business at Piazza degli Affari 6, 20123 Milan, Italy), for the account of the relevant Monte Titoli 
Account Holders (including Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg). The relevant Final Terms (or 
Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be) shall specify any other clearing system as shall have accepted 
the relevant Dematerialised Notes for clearance together with any further appropriate information. 
8. 
CONDITIONS FOR DETERMINING PRICE 
The issue price and the amount of the relevant Notes will be determined at the time of the offering of 
each Tranche based on then prevailing market conditions. 
9. 
POTENTIAL CONFLICTS OF INTEREST 
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates (including parent companies) have engaged, and may in the 
future engage, in financing, in investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions and may 
perform services for the Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary course of business. Certain of the Dealers 
and their affiliates (including parent companies) may have positions, deal or make markets in the Notes 
issued under the Programme, related derivatives and reference obligations, including (but not limited to) 
entering into hedging strategies on behalf of the Issuer and its affiliates, investor clients, or as principal 
in order to manage their exposure, their general market risk, or other trading activities. In addition, in the 
ordinary course of their business activities, the Dealers and their affiliates (including parent companies)

--- Page 279 ---
10261197493-v5 
- 268 - 
47-41058517 
 
may make or hold a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related 
derivative securities) and financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and for the 
accounts of their customers. Such investments and securities activities may involve securities and/or 
instruments of the Issuer or Issuer's affiliates. Certain of the Dealers or their affiliates (including parent 
companies) that have a lending relationship with the Issuer routinely hedge their credit exposure to the 
Issuer consistent with their customary risk management policies. Typically, such Dealers and their 
affiliates (including parent companies) would hedge such exposure by entering into transactions which 
consist of either the purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of short positions in securities, 
including potentially the Notes issued under the Programme. Any such positions could adversely affect 
future trading prices of Notes issued under the Programme. The Dealers and their affiliates (including 
parent companies) may also make investment recommendations and/or publish or express independent 
research views in respect of such securities or financial instruments and may hold, or recommend to 
clients that they acquire, long and/or short positions in such securities and instruments. Furthermore, the 
net proceeds from an issue of Notes may also be applied to refinance existing indebtedness of the Issuer 
in respect of which certain Dealers and/or their affiliates may act as lenders. 
The applicable Final Terms will specify any other interests of natural and legal persons involved in each 
issue/offer of Notes under the Programme. 
10. 
COPIES OF ISDA DEFINITIONS 
Investors should consult the Issuer should they require copies of the ISDA Definitions. 
11. 
INFORMATION ABOUT THE ISSUER  
Banca Ifis S.p.A. is an independent bank incorporated on 5 August 1983 as a company limited by shares 
(società per azioni) in Italy in accordance with the provisions of the Italian Civil Code, with a duration 
until 31 December 2050. The Issuer has its registered office at Via Terraglio, 63, Mestre – Venice, Italy 
(telephone number +39 041 5027511) and is registered with the Companies' Register of Venice under 
registration number and fiscal code 02505630109. The Issuer is registered with the National Register of 
Banks under registration number 5508 and is the parent company of the Group. The Group is registered 
with the Register of Banking Groups held by the Bank of Italy pursuant to Article 64 of the Italian 
Banking Act under number 5508. The Issuer's website is www.bancaifis.it. The fully subscribed and paid 
up capital of the Issuer as of 31 December 2021 amounts to €53,811,095. Since 31 December 2021 there 
has been no change to the Issuer's share capital. The Issuer's Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) is 
8156005420362AE59184. 
12. 
WEBSITES 
Any information contained in any other website specified in this Base Prospectus does not form part of 
this Base Prospectus, except where that information has been incorporated by reference into this Base 
Prospectus. 
13. 
BNP PARIBAS, LUXEMBOURG BRANCH INFORMATION 
BNP Paribas Luxembourg Branch is acting as listing agent in connection with the Programme and the 
Notes. BNP Paribas Luxembourg Branch, being part of a financial group providing client services with 
a worldwide network covering different time zones, may entrust parts of its operational processes to other 
BNP Paribas Group entities and/or third parties, whilst keeping ultimate accountability and responsibility 
in Luxembourg. 
Further information on the international operating model of BNP Paribas, Luxembourg Branch may be 
provided upon request.

--- Page 280 ---
10261197493-v5 
- 269 - 
47-41058517 
 
REGISTERED OFFICE OF THE 
ISSUER AND PAYING AGENT (FOR THE DEMATERIALISED NOTES) 
Banca Ifis S.p.A. 
Via Terraglio 63 
30174 Mestre (VE) 
Italy 
ARRANGER 
Banco Santander, S.A. 
Ciudad Grupo Santander 
Avenida de Cantabria s/n 
Edificio Encinar 
28660, Boadilla del Monte, Madrid 
Spain 
DEALERS 
Banca Akros S.p.A. 
Viale Eginardo, 29 
20149 Milan 
Italy 
BNP Paribas 
16, boulevard des Italiens  
75009 Paris  
France 
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC 
One Molesworth Street 
Dublin 2 
D02 RF29 
Ireland 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank 
12 Place des États-Unis 
CS 70052, 92547 
Montrouge Cédex 
France 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
Reuterweg 16 
60323 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Mainzer Landstr. 11-17 
60329 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
Goldman Sachs International 
Plumtree Court 
25 Shoe Lane 
London EC4A 4AU 
United Kingdom 
Intermonte SIM S.p.A. 
Galleria De Cristoforis 7/8  
20122 Milan 
Italy 
Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. 
Divisione IMI Corporate & Investment Banking 
Via Manzoni 4 
20121 Milan  
Italy 
J.P. Morgan SE 
Taunustor 1 (TaunusTurm) 
60310 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
Mediobanca – Banca di Credito Finanziario 
S.p.A. 
Piazzetta Enrico Cuccia, 
1 20121 Milan  
Italy 
Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc 
25 Cabot Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 4QA 
United Kingdom 
NatWest Markets N.V. 
Claude Debussylaan 94 
Amsterdam 1082 MD 
The Netherlands 
Nomura Financial Products Europe GmbH 
Rathenauplatz 1 
60313, Frankfurt-am-Main 
Germany 
Banco Santander, S.A. 
Ciudad Grupo Santander 
Avenida de Cantabria s/n 
Edificio Encinar 
28660, Boadilla del Monte, Madrid 
Spain 
Société Générale 
29, boulevard Haussmann 
75009 Paris 
France

--- Page 281 ---
10261197493-v5 
- 270 - 
47-41058517 
 
Stifel Europe Bank AG  
Kennedyallee 76 
60596 Frankfurt 
Germany 
UBS Europe SE 
Bockenheimer Landstraße 2-4,  
60306 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
UniCredit Bank AG 
Arabellastrasse, 12 
81925 Munich 
Germany 
 
AGENT (FOR THE NOTES IN PHYSICAL FORM) 
BNP Paribas, Luxembourg Branch 
60, Avenue J.F. Kennedy 
L 1855 Luxembourg 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg 
 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To the Issuer as to Italian law: 
Bonelli Erede Lombardi Pappalardo Studio Legale Associato 
via Barozzi, 1 
20122 Milan 
Italy 
 
To the Dealers as to Italian and English law: 
Clifford Chance Studio Legale Associato 
Via Broletto, 16 
20121 Milan,  
Italy 
 
INDEPENDENT AUDITORS TO THE ISSUER 
EY S.p.A. 
Via Meravigli 12 
20123 Milan  
Italy 
 
PricewaterhouseCoopers S.p.A. 
Piazza Tre Torri, 2 
20145 Milan 
Italy 
LISTING AGENT 
BNP Paribas, Luxembourg Branch 
60, Avenue J.F. Kennedy 
L 1855 Luxembourg 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg