--- Page 1 ---
1 
 
BASE PROSPECTUS 
 
BANCA MEDIOLANUM S.p.A. 
(incorporated as joint stock company in the Republic of Italy) 
 
€1,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
Under this Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the Programme), Banca Mediolanum S.p.A. (the 
Issuer or Banca Mediolanum) may from time to time issue notes governed by Italian Law (the Notes) 
denominated in any currency agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer (as defined below). 
The maximum aggregate nominal amount of all Notes from time to time outstanding under the 
Programme will not exceed €1,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies calculated as described 
in the Programme Agreement described herein), subject to increase as described herein. 
The Notes may be issued on a continuing basis to Mediobanca – Banca di Credito Finanziario S.p.A. 
and any additional dealer appointed under the Programme from time to time by the Issuer (each a Dealer 
and together the Dealers), which appointment may be for a specific issue or on an ongoing basis. 
References in this base prospectus (the Base Prospectus) to the relevant Dealer shall, in the case of 
an issue of Notes being (or intended to be) subscribed by more than one Dealer, be to all Dealers 
agreeing to subscribe for such Notes. 
An investment in Notes issued under the Programme involves certain risks. For a discussion of 
these risks see "Risk Factors". 
This Base Prospectus has been approved as a base prospectus by the Commission de Surveillance du 
Secteur Financier (the CSSF), as competent authority in Luxembourg under Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 (the Prospectus Regulation). The CSSF only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the 
standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. 
Approval by the CSSF should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or of the quality of the 
Notes. Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes.  
The CSSF assumes no responsibility for the economic and financial soundness of the transactions 
contemplated by this Base Prospectus or the quality or solvency of the Issuer in accordance with the 
provisions of Article 6 (4) of the Luxembourg law on prospectuses for securities of 16 July 2019. 
Application has been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Notes issued under the Programme 
to be admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated market and to be listed on the 
Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange.  
References in this Base Prospectus to Notes being listed (and all related references) shall mean that 
such Notes have been admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated market and 
have been admitted to the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. The Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange's regulated market is a regulated market for the purposes of the Markets in Financial 
Instruments Directive (Directive 2014/65/EU). 
This Base Prospectus (as supplemented as at the relevant time, if applicable) is valid for 12 months 
from its date of approval in relation to Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated 
market in the European Economic Area (the EEA). The obligation to supplement this Base

--- Page 2 ---
2 
 
Prospectus in the event of a significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy does 
not apply when this Base Prospectus is no longer valid. The validity of this Base Prospectus ends 
upon expiration on 13 September 2023. 
The requirement to publish a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation only applies to Notes which 
are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market in the EEA and/or offered to the public in the EEA 
other than in circumstances where an exemption is available under Article 1(4) and/or 3(2) of the 
Prospectus Regulation. References in this Base Prospectus to Exempt Notes are to Notes for which no 
prospectus is required to be published under the Prospectus Regulation. The CSSF has neither approved 
nor reviewed information contained in this Base Prospectus in connection with Exempt Notes. 
Notice of the aggregate nominal amount of Notes, interest (if any) payable in respect of Notes, the issue 
price of Notes and certain other information which is applicable to each Tranche (as defined under 
"Terms and Conditions of the Notes") of Notes will (other than in the case of Exempt Notes, as defined 
above) be set out in a final terms document (the Final Terms) which will be filed with the CSSF.  
Copies of the Final Terms in relation to Notes to be listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange will also 
be published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu). In the case of 
Exempt Notes, notice of the aggregate nominal amount of Notes, interest (if any) payable in respect of 
Notes, the issue price of Notes and certain other information which is applicable to each Tranche will 
be set out in a pricing supplement document (the Pricing Supplement).  
The Programme provides that Notes may be listed or admitted to trading and/or quotation, as the case 
may be, on such other or further stock exchanges or markets as may be agreed between the Issuer and 
the relevant Dealer. The Issuer may also issue unlisted Notes and/or Notes not admitted to trading on 
any market.  
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended 
(the Securities Act) or any securities laws of any State or other jurisdiction of the United States and 
may not be offered or sold in the United States or to, or for the account or the benefit of, U.S. persons 
as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act except pursuant to an exemption from, or in a 
transaction not subject to, the registration requirements of the Securities Act and the applicable 
securities laws of any State or other jurisdiction of the United States.  
The Issuer has been rated “BBB” (long-term issuer default rating), “F3” (short-term issuer default  
rating) by Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited (Sede secondaria Italiana) (Fitch), and “BBB” (long-term 
issuer credit rating) and “A-2” (short-term issuer credit rating) by S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited 
(S&P).  
Each of Fitch and S&P is established in the EEA and is registered under the Regulation (EC) No. 
1060/2009 (as amended) (the CRA Regulation). As such, each of Fitch and S&P is included in the list 
of credit rating agencies published by the European Securities and Markets Authority (ESMA) on its 
website (at http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-registered-and-certified-CRAs) in accordance with 
the CRA Regulation.  
Each of Fitch and S&P is not established in the United Kingdom but it is part of a group in respect of 
which one of its undertakings is (i) established in the United Kingdom (UK), and (ii) has made an 
advance application to be registered in accordance with the Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009, as it forms 
part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
(UK CRA Regulation). The Issuer ratings have been issued by each of Fitch and S&P in accordance 
with the CRA Regulation before the end of the transition period and have not been withdrawn. As such, 
the ratings issued by each of Fitch and S&P may be used for regulatory purposes in the United Kingdom 
in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation.

--- Page 3 ---
3 
 
Notes issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated by one or more of the rating agencies. 
Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, such rating will be disclosed in the Final Terms (or Pricing 
Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) and will not necessarily be the same as the rating assigned 
to the Programme by the relevant rating agency. A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell 
or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning 
rating agency. 
Whether or not a rating in relation to any Tranche of Notes will be (1) treated as having been issued or 
endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered under the CRA Regulation or 
by a credit rating agency which is certified under the CRA Regulation and/or (2) issued or endorsed by 
a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation or by a credit 
rating agency which is certified under the UK CRA Regulation will be disclosed in the relevant Final 
Terms. In general, European regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory 
purposes if such rating is not issued or endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and 
registered under the CRA Regulation (and such registration has not been withdrawn or suspended) (or 
is endorsed and published or distributed by subscription by such a credit rating agency in accordance 
with the CRA Regulation) unless (1) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in 
the EEA but endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered under the CRA 
Regulation or (2) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in the EEA which is 
certified under the CRA Regulation. In general, UK regulated investors are restricted from using a rating 
for regulatory purposes if such rating is not issued or endorsed by a credit rating agency established in 
the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation or (1) the rating is provided by a credit rating 
agency not established in the UK but is endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the UK and 
registered under the UK CRA Regulation or (2) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not 
established in the UK which is certified under the UK CRA Regulation. ESMA is obliged to maintain 
on its website a list of credit rating agencies registered and certified in accordance with the CRA 
Regulation. 
Amounts payable on Floating Rate Notes and/or Reset Notes (where relevant) may be calculated by 
reference to the euro interbank offered rate (EURIBOR) as specified in the relevant Final Terms. As at 
the date of this Base Prospectus, the European Money Markets Institute, as administrator of EURIBOR, 
is included in ESMA’s register of administrators under Article 36 of the Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 
(the EU Benchmarks Regulation). 
Arranger and Dealer 
Mediobanca – Banca di Credito Finanziario S.p.A. 
 
The date of this Base Prospectus is 13 September 2022.

--- Page 4 ---
4 
 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION 
This Base Prospectus comprises a base prospectus in respect of all Notes other than Exempt Notes 
issued under the Programme for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation. When 
used in this Base Prospectus, Prospectus Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 and UK 
Prospectus Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA). The Issuer accepts responsibility 
for the information contained in this Base Prospectus and the Final Terms for each Tranche of 
Notes issued under the Programme. To the best of the knowledge of the Issuer (having taken all 
reasonable care to ensure that such is the case) the information contained in this Base Prospectus 
is in accordance with the facts and does not omit anything likely to affect the import of such 
information. 
This Base Prospectus is to be read in conjunction with all documents which are incorporated in 
it by reference (see "Documents Incorporated by Reference”). This Base Prospectus shall be read 
and construed on the basis that those documents are incorporated by reference and form part of 
this Base Prospectus. 
Other than in relation to the documents which are incorporated by reference (see "Documents 
Incorporated by Reference”), the information on the websites to which this Base Prospectus refers 
does not form part of this Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by the CSSF.  
The Dealers have not independently verified the information contained herein. Accordingly, no 
representation, warranty or undertaking, express or implied, is made and no responsibility or 
liability is accepted by the Dealers as to the accuracy or completeness of the information contained 
or incorporated in this Base Prospectus or any other information provided by the Issuer in 
connection with the Programme. No Dealer accepts any liability in relation to the information 
contained or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus or any other information provided 
by the Issuer in connection with the Programme.  
The Dealers have not undertaken, nor are responsible for, any assessment of the Green, Social 
and Sustainability Bond Framework or the Eligible Green Assets, Eligible Social Assets and 
Eligible Sustainable Assets, any verification of whether the Eligible Green Assets, Eligible Social 
Assets and Eligible Sustainable Assets meet the criteria set out in the Green, Social and 
Sustainability Bond Framework or the monitoring of the use of proceeds. 
Third Party Information – Certain information and statistics presented in this Base Prospectus 
regarding markets and market share of the Issuer or the Banca Mediolanum Group are either 
derived from, or are based on, internal data or publicly available data from external sources. In 
respect of information in this Base Prospectus that has been extracted from a third party, the 
Issuer confirms that such information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is 
aware, and is able to ascertain from information published by third parties, no facts have been 
omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. Although the 
Issuer believes that the external sources used are reliable, the Issuer has not independently 
verified the information provided by such sources. No person is or has been authorised by the 
Issuer to give any information or to make any representation not contained in or not consistent 
with this Base Prospectus or any other document entered into in relation to the Programme or 
any information supplied in connection with the Programme or the Notes and, if given or made, 
such information or representation must not be relied upon as having been authorised by the 
Issuer or any of the Dealers. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the 
Programme or any Notes (a) is intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation or 
(b) should be considered as a recommendation by the Issuer or any of the Dealers that any

--- Page 5 ---
5 
 
recipient of this Base Prospectus or any other information supplied in connection with the 
Programme or any Notes should purchase any Notes. Each investor contemplating purchasing 
any Notes should make its own independent investigation of the financial condition and affairs, 
and its own appraisal of the creditworthiness, of the Issuer. Neither this Base Prospectus nor any 
other information supplied in connection with the Programme or the issue of any Notes 
constitutes an offer or invitation by or on behalf of the Issuer or any of the Dealers to any person 
to subscribe for or to purchase any Notes. 
Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor the offering, sale or delivery of any Notes shall in 
any circumstances imply that the information contained in it concerning the Issuer is correct at 
any time subsequent to its date or that any other information supplied in connection with the 
Programme is correct as of any time subsequent to the date indicated in the document containing 
the same. The Dealers expressly do not undertake to review the financial condition or affairs of 
the Issuer during the life of the Programme or to advise any investor in Notes issued under the 
Programme of any information coming to their attention. 
IMPORTANT – EEA RETAIL INVESTORS - If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes (or Pricing 
Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) includes a legend entitled “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors”, the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not 
be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area 
(EEA). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client 
as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU of the European Parliament and of the 
Council on markets in financial instruments (as amended, MiFID II) or; (ii) a customer within the 
meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended, the Insurance Distribution Directive), where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; 
or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the Prospectus Regulation). 
Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended 
or superseded, the PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs 
Regulation.  
IMPORTANT – UK RETAIL INVESTORS - If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes (or Pricing 
Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) includes a legend entitled “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors”, the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not 
be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom (UK). For 
these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in 
point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the 
provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended (the FSMA) and any rules or 
regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would 
not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 
600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as 
defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by the PRIIPs Regulation as it forms part 
of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the UK PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes 
or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may 
be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
MiFID II product governance / target market – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes (or Pricing 
Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) will include a legend entitled “MiFID II Product 
Governance” which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels

--- Page 6 ---
6 
 
for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a distributor) should take into consideration the target market assessment; 
however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels.  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID 
Product Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the MiFID Product Governance 
Rules), any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise 
neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the 
purpose of the MIFID Product Governance Rules. 
UK MIFIR product governance / target market – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes (or Pricing 
Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) will include a legend entitled “UK MiFIR Product 
Governance” which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels 
for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a distributor) should take into consideration the manufacturer’s target 
market assessment; however, a distributor subject to UK MiFIR product governance rules set out in the 
FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer’s target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR 
Product Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such 
Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a 
manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules.  
IMPORTANT INFORMATION RELATING TO THE USE OF THIS BASE PROSPECTUS 
AND OFFERS OF NOTES GENERALLY 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any Notes 
in any jurisdiction to any person to whom it is unlawful to make the offer or solicitation in such 
jurisdiction. The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Notes may be restricted by 
law in certain jurisdictions. The Issuer and the Dealers do not represent that this Base Prospectus may 
be lawfully distributed, or that any Notes may be lawfully offered, in compliance with any applicable 
registration or other requirements in any such jurisdiction, or pursuant to an exemption available 
thereunder, or assume any responsibility for facilitating any such distribution or offering. In particular, 
no action has been taken by the Issuer or the Dealers which is intended to permit a public offering of 
any Notes or distribution of this Base Prospectus in any jurisdiction where action for that purpose is 
required. Accordingly, no Notes may be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, and neither this Base 
Prospectus nor any advertisement or other offering material may be distributed or published in any 
jurisdiction, except under circumstances that will result in compliance with any applicable laws and 
regulations. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus or any Notes may come must inform 
themselves about, and observe, any such restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus and the 
offering and sale of Notes. In particular, there are restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus 
and the offer or sale of Notes in the United States, the EEA (including Italy, France and Belgium), the 
United Kingdom, Switzerland and Japan, see "Subscription and Sale".

--- Page 7 ---
7 
 
PRESENTATION OF FINANCIAL AND OTHER INFORMATION 
Presentation of Financial Information 
Unless otherwise indicated, the financial information in this Base Prospectus relating to the Issuer has 
been derived from the audited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer for the financial years 
ended, respectively, 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2021 and from the unaudited consolidated 
interim financial statements of the Issuer for the six months ended on 30 June 2021 and 30 June 2022 
(together, the Financial Statements). 
The Issuer's financial year ends on 31 December, and references in this Base Prospectus to any specific 
year are to the 12-month period ended on 31 December of such year. The Financial Statements have 
been prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards issued by the 
International Accounting Standards Board as adopted by the European Union (IFRS). 
Certain Defined Terms and Conventions 
Capitalised terms which are used but not defined in any particular section of this Base Prospectus will 
have the meaning attributed to them in "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" or any other section of this 
Base Prospectus. In addition, the following terms as used in this Base Prospectus have the meanings 
defined below:  
In this Base Prospectus, all references to: 
• 
U.S. dollars, U.S.$ and $ refer to United States dollars; 
• 
Sterling and £ refer to pounds sterling; and 
• 
Euro, euro and € refer to the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European 
economic and monetary union pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, 
as amended. 
References to a billion are to a thousand million. 
Certain figures and percentages included in this Base Prospectus have been subject to rounding 
adjustments; accordingly, figures shown in the same category presented in different tables may vary 
slightly and figures shown as totals in certain tables may not be an arithmetic aggregation of the figures 
which precede them. 
In this Base Prospectus, unless the contrary intention appears, a reference to a law or a provision of a 
law is a reference to that law or provision as extended, amended or re-enacted.  
SUITABILITY OF INVESTMENT 
The Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors. Each potential investor in the Notes must 
determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own circumstances. In particular, each potential 
investor may wish to consider, either on its own or with the help of its financial and other professional 
advisers, whether it: 
(i) 
has sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Notes, the 
merits and risks of investing in the Notes and the information contained or incorporated by 
reference in this Base Prospectus or any applicable supplement;

--- Page 8 ---
8 
 
(ii) 
has access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its 
particular financial situation, an investment in the Notes and the impact the Notes will have on 
its overall investment portfolio; 
(iii) 
has sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the 
Notes, including Notes with principal or interest payable in one or more currencies, or where 
the currency for principal or interest payments is different from the potential investor's 
currency; 
(iv) 
understands thoroughly the terms of the Notes and is familiar with the behaviour of any relevant 
indices and financial markets; and 
(v) 
is able to evaluate possible scenarios for economic, interest rate and other factors that may 
affect its investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks. 
Legal investment considerations may restrict certain investments. The investment activities of certain 
investors are subject to investment laws and regulations, or review or regulation by certain authorities. 
Each potential investor should consult its legal advisers to determine whether and to what extent (1) 
Notes are legal investments for it, (2) Notes can be used as collateral for various types of borrowing 
and (3) other restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of any Notes. Financial institutions should 
consult their legal advisers or the appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate treatment of Notes 
under any applicable risk-based capital or similar rules. 
STABILISATION 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in the 
applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement may over-allot Notes or effect transactions with a 
view to supporting the market price of the Notes at a level higher than that which might otherwise 
prevail. However stabilisation may not necessarily occur. Any stabilisation action or over-
allotment may begin on or after the date on which adequate public disclosure of the terms of the 
offer of the relevant Tranche of Notes is made and, if begun, will be carried out in accordance 
with all applicable laws and regulations and may cease at any time, but it must end no later than 
the earlier of 30 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of Notes and 60 days after the 
date of the allotment of the relevant Tranche of Notes. Any stabilisation action or over-allotment 
must be conducted by the relevant Stabilisation Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any 
Stabilisation Manager(s)) in accordance with all applicable laws and rules.

--- Page 9 ---
9 
 
CONTENTS 
Page 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME ................................................................................................ 10 
RISK FACTORS .................................................................................................................................. 19 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE........................................................................ 50 
FORM OF THE NOTES ...................................................................................................................... 53 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS .................................................................................................................. 55 
APPLICABLE PRICING SUPPLEMENT ........................................................................................... 73 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES ................................................................................. 91 
USE OF PROCEEDS ......................................................................................................................... 145 
THE ISSUER ...................................................................................................................................... 147 
TAXATION ........................................................................................................................................ 181 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE ........................................................................................................... 190 
GENERAL INFORMATION ............................................................................................................. 195

--- Page 10 ---
10 
 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following overview does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified in its entirety 
by, the remainder of this Base Prospectus and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any particular 
Tranche of Notes, the form of Final Terms (or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing 
Supplement). The Issuer and any relevant Dealer may agree that Notes shall be issued in a form other 
than that contemplated in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, in which event, in the case of Notes 
other than Exempt Notes, and if appropriate, a new Base Prospectus or a supplement to the Base 
Prospectus, will be published.  
This Overview constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 25(1) of 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No 2019/980 (the Delegated Regulation). 
Words and expressions defined in "Form of the Notes" and "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" shall 
have the same meanings in this Overview. 
 
Issuer: 
Banca Mediolanum S.p.A. (Banca Mediolanum) 
Issuer Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): 
7LVZJ6XRIE7VNZ4UBX81 
Risk Factors: 
There are certain factors that may affect the Issuer's ability 
to fulfil its obligations under Notes issued under the 
Programme. In addition, there are certain factors which are 
material for the purpose of assessing the market risks 
associated with Notes issued under the Programme and risks 
relating to the structure of a particular Series of Notes issued 
under the Programme. All of these are set out under "Risk 
Factors". 
Description: 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
Arranger: 
Mediobanca – Banca di Credito Finanziario S.p.A. 
Dealers: 
Mediobanca – Banca di Credito Finanziario S.p.A.; and 
any other Dealers appointed in accordance with the 
Programme Agreement. 
Certain Restrictions: 
Each issue of Notes denominated in a currency in respect of 
which particular laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions 
or reporting requirements apply will only be issued in 
circumstances which comply with such laws, guidelines, 
regulations, restrictions or reporting requirements from time 
to time (see "Subscription and Sale") including the 
following restrictions applicable at the date of this Base 
Prospectus. 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year will, if the 
proceeds of the issue are accepted in the United Kingdom, 
constitute deposits for the purposes of the prohibition on 
accepting deposits contained in section 19 of the Financial

--- Page 11 ---
11 
 
Services and Markets Act 2000 (FSMA) unless they are 
issued to a limited class of professional investors and have 
a denomination of at least £100,000 or its equivalent, see 
"Subscription and Sale". 
Principal Paying Agent: 
Citibank N.A., London Branch 
Programme Size: 
Up to €1,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies 
calculated as described in the Programme Agreement) 
outstanding at any time. The Issuer may increase the amount 
of the Programme in accordance with the terms of the 
Programme Agreement. 
Distribution: 
Notes may be distributed by way of private or public 
placement and in each case on a syndicated or non-
syndicated basis. 
Currencies: 
Subject to any applicable legal or regulatory restrictions, 
notes may be denominated in euro, Sterling, U.S. dollars 
and any other currency agreed between the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer. 
Maturities: 
The Notes will have such maturities as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer, subject to such 
minimum or maximum maturities as may be allowed or 
required from time to time by the relevant central bank (or 
equivalent body) or any laws or regulations applicable to the 
Issuer or the relevant Specified Currency. 
Unless otherwise permitted by current laws, regulations, 
directives and/or requirements applicable from time to time 
to the issue of Non-Preferred Senior Notes, Non-Preferred 
Senior Notes must have a minimum maturity of not less than 
twelve months. 
Unless otherwise permitted by current laws, regulations, 
directives and/or requirements applicable from time to time 
to the issue of Subordinated Notes, Subordinated Notes 
must have a minimum maturity of 5 years. 
Issue Price: 
Notes may be issued on a fully-paid or, in the case of 
Exempt Notes, a partly-paid basis and at an issue price 
which is at par or at a discount to, or premium over, par. 
Form of Notes 
The Notes will be issued in bearer form as described in 
"Form of the Notes". 
Fixed Rate Notes: 
Fixed interest will be payable on such date or dates as may 
be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer and on 
redemption and will be calculated on the basis of such Day 
Count Fraction as may be agreed between the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer.

--- Page 12 ---
12 
 
Fixed Rate Notes may also include an interest step-up 
provision whereby the Rate of Interest payable increases at 
pre-determined periods to a pre-determined percentage per 
annum as indicated in the form of Final Terms (or, in the 
case of Exempt Notes, Pricing Supplement). 
Fixed Rate Notes may also include an interest step-down 
provision whereby the Rate of Interest payable decreases at 
pre-determined periods to a pre-determined percentage per 
annum as indicated in the form of Final Terms (or, in the 
case of Exempt Notes, Pricing Supplement). 
Reset Notes 
Reset Notes will, in respect of an initial period, bear interest 
at the initial fixed rate of interest specified in the relevant 
Final Terms. Thereafter, the fixed rate of interest will be 
reset on one or more date(s) specified in the relevant Final 
Terms by reference to a mid-market swap rate, as adjusted 
for any applicable margin, in each case, as may be specified 
in the relevant Final Terms. 
Floating Rate Notes: 
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest at a rate determined: 
(a) 
on the same basis as the floating rate under a 
notional interest rate swap transaction in the 
relevant Specified Currency governed by an 
agreement 
incorporating 
the 
2006 
ISDA 
Definitions (as published by the International 
Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. (ISDA), 
and as amended and updated as at the Issue Date of 
the first Tranche of the Notes of the relevant Series) 
or the latest version of the 2021 ISDA Interest Rate 
Derivatives Definitions (as published by ISDA as at 
the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes of 
the relevant Series) as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms (or, in the case of Exempt Notes, 
Pricing Supplement); or 
(b) 
on the basis of the reference rate set out in the form 
of Final Terms (or, in the case of Exempt Notes, 
Pricing Supplement). 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes in respect of each Interest 
Period, as agreed prior to issue by the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer, will be payable on such Interest Payment Dates, and 
will be calculated on the basis of such Day Count Fraction, 
as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer. 
The margin (if any) relating to such floating rate will be 
agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer for each 
Series of Floating Rate Notes.

--- Page 13 ---
13 
 
Floating Rate Notes may also have a maximum interest rate, 
a minimum interest rate or both. 
Floating Rate Notes may also include an interest step-up 
provision whereby the Margin payable increases at pre-
determined periods to a pre-determined percentage per 
annum as indicated in the form of Final Terms (or, in the 
case of Exempt Notes, Pricing Supplement). 
Floating Rate Notes may also include an interest step-down 
provision whereby the Margin payable decreases at pre-
determined periods to a pre-determined percentage per 
annum as indicated in the form of Final Terms (or, in the 
case of Exempt Notes, Pricing Supplement). 
Zero Coupon Notes: 
Zero Coupon Notes will be offered and sold at a discount to 
their nominal amount and will not bear interest. 
Exempt Notes: 
The Issuer may issue Exempt Notes which are Index Linked 
Notes, Dual Currency Notes, Partly Paid Notes or Notes 
redeemable in one or more instalments.  
Index Linked Notes: Payments of principal in respect of 
Index Linked Redemption Notes or of interest in respect of 
Index Linked Interest Notes will be calculated by reference 
to such index and/or formula or to changes in the prices of 
securities or commodities or to such other factors as the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer may agree. 
Dual Currency Notes: Payments (whether in respect of 
principal or interest and whether at maturity or otherwise) 
in respect of Dual Currency Notes will be made in such 
currencies, and based on such rates of exchange, as the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer may agree. 
Partly Paid Notes: The Issuer may issue Notes in respect of 
which the issue price is paid in separate instalments in such 
amounts and on such dates as the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer may agree. 
Notes redeemable in instalments: The Issuer may issue 
Notes which may be redeemed in separate instalments in 
such amounts and on such dates as the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer may agree. 
The Issuer may agree with any Dealer that Exempt Notes 
may be issued in a form not contemplated by the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes, in which event the relevant 
provisions will be included in the applicable Pricing 
Supplement. 
Redemption: 
The form of Final Terms (or, in the case of Exempt Notes, 
the applicable Pricing Supplement) will indicate either that

--- Page 14 ---
14 
 
the relevant Notes cannot be redeemed prior to their stated 
maturity (other than in the case of Exempt Notes in specified 
instalments, if applicable, or for taxation reasons or 
following an Event of Default) or that such Notes will be 
redeemable at the option of the Issuer and/or (in the case of 
Senior Notes or Non-Preferred Senior Notes only) at the 
option of the Issuer due to a MREL Disqualification Event, 
as described in Condition 5.6 (Issuer Call due to MREL 
Disqualification Event) and/or (in case of Subordinated 
Notes only) at the option of the Issuer for regulatory 
reasons, as described in Condition 5.3 (Redemption for 
regulatory reasons (Regulatory Call)) and/or (in the case of 
Senior Notes or Non-Preferred Senior Notes only) at the 
option of the Noteholders upon giving notice to the 
Noteholders or the Issuer, as the case may be, on a date or 
dates specified prior to such stated maturity and at a price or 
prices and on such other terms as may be agreed between 
the Issuer and the relevant Dealer.  
Other than following an Event of Default, any redemption 
of Senior Notes and Non-Preferred Senior Notes or 
Subordinated Notes prior to their stated maturity in 
accordance with the Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
(including early redemption for taxation reasons or early 
redemption for regulatory reasons) will be subject to the 
provisions of, respectively, Condition 5.13 (Conditions to 
Early Redemption and Purchase of Senior Notes and Non-
Preferred Senior Notes) and Condition 5.14 (Conditions to 
Early Redemption and Purchase of Subordinated Notes). 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year may be subject 
to restrictions on their denomination and distribution, see 
"Certain Restrictions – Notes having a maturity of less than 
one year" above. 
Denomination of Notes: 
Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be 
specified in the form of Final Terms (Specified 
Denomination) provided that (i) the minimum Specified 
Denomination of each Note which is specified in the form 
of Final Terms as being a Senior Note shall be Euro 100,000 
(or its equivalent in any other currency as at the date of issue 
of the relevant Notes), (ii) the minimum Specified 
Denomination of each Note which is specified in the form 
of Final Terms as being a Subordinated Note shall be Euro 
200,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency as at the 
date of issue of the relevant Notes), and (iii) the minimum 
Specified Denomination of each Note which is specified in 
the form of Final Terms as being a Non-Preferred Senior 
Note shall be Euro 150,000 (or its equivalent in any other 
currency as at the date of issue of the relevant Notes). Notes 
of one Specified Denomination may not be exchanged for 
Notes of another Specified Denomination.

--- Page 15 ---
15 
 
Taxation: 
All payments in respect of the Notes will be made without 
deduction for or on account of withholding taxes imposed 
by any Tax Jurisdiction as provided in Condition 6 
(Taxation). In the event that any such deduction is made, the 
Issuer will, save in certain limited circumstances provided 
in Condition 6 (Taxation), be required to pay additional 
amounts, in respect of interest only, to cover the amounts so 
deducted. 
Negative Pledge: 
The terms of the Notes will not contain a negative pledge 
provision. 
Cross Default: 
None. 
Status of the Notes:  
Notes may be issued by Banca Mediolanum on a 
subordinated 
basis 
(as 
Subordinated 
Notes) 
or 
unsubordinated basis (as Senior Notes or Non-Preferred 
Senior Notes), as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Status of the Senior Notes: 
The Senior Notes will constitute direct, unconditional, 
unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the Issuer and 
will rank pari passu among themselves and (save for certain 
obligations required to be preferred by law) equally with all 
other unsecured obligations (other than obligations ranking 
junior to the Senior Notes from time to time (including Non-
Preferred Senior Notes and any further obligations 
permitted by law to rank, or expressed to rank, junior to the 
Senior Notes, on or following the Issue Date), if any) of the 
Issuer, from time to time outstanding, as described in 
Condition 2.1 (Status of the Senior Notes). 
Status of the Non-Preferred Senior 
Notes: 
The Non-Preferred Senior Notes (being Notes intended to 
qualify as strumenti di debito chirografario di secondo 
livello of the Issuer, as defined under Article 12-bis of the 
Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993, as 
amended (the Italian Consolidated Banking Act)) 
constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated, and 
unsecured and non-preferred obligations of the Issuer, 
ranking junior to Senior Notes and any other unsecured and 
unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer which rank, or are 
expressed to rank in their terms, senior to the Non-Preferred 
Senior Notes, pari passu without any preferences among 
themselves, and with all other present or future obligations 
of the Issuer which do not rank or are not expressed by their 
terms to rank junior or senior to the relevant Non-Preferred 
Senior Notes and in priority to any subordinated instruments 
and to the claims of shareholders of the Issuer, pursuant to 
Article 91, section 1-bis, letter c-bis of the Italian 
Consolidated Banking Act, as described in Condition 2.2 
(Status of the Non-Preferred Senior Notes). 
Status of the Subordinated Notes: 
Subject as set out below, the Subordinated Notes (being 
notes intended to qualify as Tier 2 capital for regulatory

--- Page 16 ---
16 
 
capital purposes, in accordance with Part II, Chapter 1 of the 
Bank of Italy's Disposizioni di Vigilanza Prudenziale per le 
Banche, as set out in Bank of Italy Circular No. 285 of 17 
December 2013, as amended or supplemented from time to 
time (the Bank of Italy Regulations), including any 
successor regulations, and Article 63 of the Regulation No. 
575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 
26 June 2013 on prudential requirements for credit 
institutions and investment firms, as amended from time to 
time (the CRR)) constitute unconditional, subordinated 
unsecured obligations of the Issuer and, (subject to 
Condition 2.3 (Status of the Subordinated Notes)), rank (i) 
after all unsubordinated, unsecured creditors (including 
depositors and holders of Senior Notes and Non-Preferred 
Senior Notes) of the Issuer and after all creditors of the 
Issuer holding instruments that are or are expressed by their 
terms to be less subordinated than the relevant Subordinated 
Notes; (ii) at least pari passu and without any preferences 
among themselves, and with all other present and future 
subordinated obligations of the Issuer that are not expressed 
by their terms to rank or which do not rank junior or senior 
to the relevant Subordinated Notes (save for those preferred 
by mandatory and/or overriding provisions of law); and (iii) 
in priority to the claims of shareholders of the Issuer and to 
all other present and future subordinated obligations of the 
Issuer which rank or are expressed by their terms to rank 
junior to the relevant Subordinated Notes. 
In the event the Subordinated Notes of any Series do not 
qualify or cease to qualify, in their entirety, as own funds in 
the form of Tier 2 capital, such Subordinated Notes and any 
relative Receipts and Coupons shall rank subordinated and 
junior to unsubordinated unsecured creditors (including 
depositors and holders of Senior Notes and Non-Preferred 
Senior Notes) of the Issuer, pari passu among themselves 
and with the Issuer’s obligations in respect of any other 
subordinated instruments which do not qualify or have 
ceased to qualify, in their entirety, as own funds items 
(elementi di fondi propri) and with all other present and 
future subordinated obligations of the Issuer which do not 
rank or are not expressed by their terms and/or by 
mandatory and/or overriding provisions of law to rank 
junior or senior to the relevant Subordinated Notes (which 
do not qualify or have so ceased to qualify, in their entirety, 
as own funds in the form of Tier 2 capital) and senior to 
instruments which qualify (in whole or in part) as own fund 
items (elementi di fondi propri), as described in Condition 
2.3 (Status of the Subordinated Notes). 
Variation: 
With respect to (i) any Series of Senior Notes or Non-
Preferred Senior Notes, if at any time a MREL 
Disqualification Event occurs, and if Variation is specified 
as being applicable in the form of Final Terms, or (ii) all

--- Page 17 ---
17 
 
Notes, if Variation is specified as being applicable in the 
form of Final Terms, in order to ensure the effectiveness and 
enforceability of Condition 16 (Statutory Loss Absorption 
Powers), then the Issuer may, subject to giving any notice 
required to be given to, and receiving any consent required 
from, the Competent Authority and/or as appropriate the 
Relevant Resolution Authority (without any requirement for 
the consent or approval of the holders of the relevant Notes 
of that Series) and having given not less than 30 nor more 
than 60 days' notice to the Paying Agents and the holders of 
the Notes of that Series (or such other notice periods as may 
be specified in the form of Final Terms), at any time vary 
the terms of such Notes so that they remain or, as 
appropriate, become, Qualifying Senior Notes, Qualifying 
Non-Preferred Senior Notes or Qualifying Subordinated 
Notes, as applicable, provided that such variation does not 
itself give rise to any right of the Issuer to redeem the varied 
securities. 
Rating: 
Series of Notes issued under the Programme may be rated 
or unrated. Where a Series of Notes is rated, such rating will 
be disclosed in the form of Final Terms (or applicable 
Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes). A 
security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold 
securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or 
withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. 
Approval and Listing: 
Application has been made to the CSSF to approve this 
document as a base prospectus. Application has also been 
made for Notes issued under the Programme to be listed on 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. 
Notes may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may 
be, on other or further stock exchanges or markets agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer in relation to the 
Series. Notes which are neither listed nor admitted to trading 
on any market may also be issued. 
The form of Final Terms (or applicable Pricing Supplement, 
in the case of Exempt Notes) will state whether or not the 
relevant Notes are to be listed and/or admitted to trading 
and, if so, on which stock exchanges and/or markets. 
Governing Law: 
The Notes and any non-contractual obligations arising out 
of or in connection with them shall be governed by, and 
construed in accordance with, Italian Law. 
See Condition 15 (Governing Law and Submission to 
Jurisdiction).  
Benchmark discontinuation:  
Notwithstanding the provisions in Condition 3.3 (Interest 
on Floating Rate Notes) or Condition 3.2 (Interest on Reset 
Notes), if a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to an 
Original Reference Rate when any Rate of Interest (or any

--- Page 18 ---
18 
 
component part thereof) remains to be determined by 
reference to such Original Reference Rate, then the Issuer 
shall use its reasonable endeavours to appoint an 
Independent Adviser, as soon as reasonably practicable, to 
determine a Successor Rate, failing which an Alternative 
Rate (in accordance with Condition 3.4(b) (Successor Rate 
or Alternative Rate)) and, in either case, an Adjustment 
Spread if any (in accordance with Condition 3.4(c) 
(Adjustment Spread)) and whether any Benchmark 
Amendments (in accordance with Condition 3.4(d) 
(Benchmark Amendments)) are necessary to ensure the 
proper operation of such Successor Rate, Alternative Rate 
and/or Adjustment Spread (all as defined in the Conditions). 
Selling Restrictions: 
There are restrictions on the offer, sale and transfer of the 
Notes in the United States, the EEA (including Italy, France, 
Belgium, the United Kingdom, Japan, Switzerland and such 
other restrictions as may be required in connection with the 
offering and sale of a particular Tranche of Notes, see 
"Subscription and Sale"). 
United States Selling Restrictions: 
Regulation S, Category 2. TEFRA C or D/TEFRA not 
applicable, as specified in the form of Final Terms (or 
applicable Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt 
Notes). 
Non-Preferred Senior Notes shall be distributed to qualified 
investors only in accordance with Law No. 205 of 27 
December 2017 on the budget of the Italian government for 
2018.

--- Page 19 ---
19 
 
RISK FACTORS 
In purchasing Notes, investors assume the risk that the Issuer may become insolvent or otherwise be 
unable to make all payments due in respect of the Notes. There is a wide range of factors, including 
those set out below, which individually or together could result in the Issuer becoming unable to make 
all payments due. The inability of the Issuers to pay interest, principal or other amounts on or in 
connection with any Notes may occur for other reasons outside the Issuer's control which may not be 
considered significant by the Issuer based on information currently available to them or which they 
may not currently be able to anticipate. The Issuer has identified in this Base Prospectus a number of 
factors which could materially adversely affect its business and ability to make payments due.  
In addition, factors which are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with 
Notes issued under the Programme are also described below. 
The Issuer believes that the factors described below represent the principal risks inherent in investing 
in the Notes issued under the Programme, but the inability of the Issuer to pay interest, principal or 
other amounts on or in connection with any Notes may occur for other reasons which may not be 
considered significant risks by the Issuer based on the information currently available to it or which it 
may not currently be able to anticipate. 
Prospective investors should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base 
Prospectus and reach their own views prior to making any investment decision. 
FACTORS THAT MAY AFFECT THE ISSUER'S ABILITY TO FULFIL ITS OBLIGATIONS 
UNDER NOTES ISSUED UNDER THE PROGRAMME  
The risks below have been classified into the following categories: 
Risks relating to the Issuer’s financial position 
Risks relating to the Issuer’s business activity and industry 
Risks related to the internal control of the Issuer 
Risks related to the political, environmental, social and governance environment of the Issuer 
Risks relating to the Issuer’s financial position 
Risks related to the impact of global macro-economic factors 
The Issuer’s earnings and business are affected by general economic conditions, the performance of 
financial markets and of market participants, interest rate levels, currency exchange rates, changes in 
laws and regulation, changes in the polices of central banks, particularly the Bank of Italy and the 
European Central Bank, and competitive factors, at a regional, national and international level. Each of 
these factors can change the level of demand for the Issuer’s products and services, the credit quality of 
its customers, debtors and counterparties, the interest rate margin between lending and borrowing costs 
and the value of its investment and trading portfolios and can influence the Issuer’s balance sheet and 
economic results. 
Expectations regarding the performance of the global economy and the current risks relating to the 
Chinese property sector remain uncertain in both the short and medium term. In particular, 2020 has 
been marked by the global spread of the form of viral pneumonia known as COVID-19, which led the 
world economy to experience a profound economic contraction. The first news about the pandemic 
came from China in January 2020, after which the virus gradually spread around the world, also forcing

--- Page 20 ---
20 
 
European governments to take severe containment measures to flatten the epidemiological curve, which 
triggered a severe economic recession. In order to contain economic losses, the Italian government, 
other European governments and governments around the world, adopted extraordinary measures and 
the European Central Bank and the U.S. Federal Reserve, among others, intervened with the adoption 
of unconventional monetary policies on a large scale. 
The current macroeconomic situation is characterised by high levels of uncertainty, due in part to: (i) 
the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on global growth and individual countries; (ii) the U.S.-driven 
trend toward protectionism; (iii) the rapid growth of credit in the Chinese economy and the risk of a 
downward pressure on Chinese property investment causing an outright contraction in housing sales 
and investment; (iv) the developments associated with Brexit; (v) future developments in the European 
Central Bank and U.S. Federal Reserve monetary policies and the policies implemented by various 
countries, including those aimed at promoting competitive devaluations of their currencies; (vi) constant 
change in the global and European banking sector, which has led to a progressive reduction in the spread 
between lending and borrowing rates; (vii) the sustainability of the sovereign debt of certain countries, 
including Italy, and the related, repeated shocks to the financial markets. European political 
uncertainties also remain a source of potential setbacks for the economic recovery; and (viii) the Russia-
Ukraine war started in February 2022 with the invasion of Ukraine by Russia, having as main impacts 
the energy price increases and inflation as a whole on the one hand and trade restrictions and sanctions 
on the other hand, as well as counterreactions and the duration of such a conflict are not foreseeable at 
this time. 
With reference to the exit of the United Kingdom from the single market on 1 January 2021, changes 
in the relationship between the UK and the EU may affect the business of the Issuer and the Banca 
Mediolanum banking group (the Group or Banca Mediolanum Group). On 29 March 2017, the UK 
invoked Article 50 of the Treaty on the European Union and officially notified the EU of its decision to 
withdraw from the EU. On 31 January 2020, the UK withdrew from the EU and the transition period 
ended on 31 December 2020 at 11 pm. Therefore, the Treaty on the European Union and the Treaty on 
the Functioning of the European Union have ceased to apply to the UK. The European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (as amended by the European Union (Withdrawal Agreement) Act 2020) and 
secondary legislation made under it ensure there is a functioning statute book in the UK. 
The EU-UK Trade and Cooperation Agreement (the Trade and Cooperation Agreement), which 
governs relations between the EU and UK following the end of the Brexit transition period and which 
had provisional application pending completion of ratification procedures, entered into force on 1 May 
2021. The Trade and Cooperation Agreement does not create a detailed framework to govern the cross-
border provision of regulated financial services from the UK into the EU and from the EU into the UK. 
In addition, the Russia-Ukraine war started in February 2022 with the invasion of Ukraine by Russia. 
The extent of the consequences of this war with regard to energy price increases and inflation as a whole 
on the one hand and trade restrictions and sanctions on the other hand, as well as counterreactions and 
the duration of such a conflict are not foreseeable at this time. This conflict could have significant 
adverse effects on the European economy, inflation and the stability of international financial markets. 
Furthermore, the results of the Issuer could be affected by general economic, financial and other 
business conditions and, in particular, by the performance of the economy of the Republic of Italy 
(determined, inter alia, by factors such as the expected growth perspectives of the economy and credit 
reliability). In particular, since the Republic of Italy is the country in which the Issuer operates on an 
almost exclusive basis, and in which respect the Issuer has a relevant credit exposure, the Issuer’s 
business is particularly sensitive to investor perception of the country, reliability and solidity of its 
financial condition as well as prospects of its economic growth. The political uncertainty and persistence 
of adverse economic conditions in Italy, or a slower recovery in Italy compared to other OECD nations, 
could have an adverse effect on the Issuer's business, cost of borrowing, results of operations or financial 
condition, as well as on the value of its assets, and could result in further costs related to write-downs

--- Page 21 ---
21 
 
and impairment losses. In addition, any downgrade of the Italian sovereign credit rating, or the 
perception that such a downgrade may occur, may destabilise the markets and have an adverse effect 
on the Issuer's operating results, capital and liquidity position, financial condition and prospects, as well 
as on the marketability of the Notes. If sentiment towards the banks and/or other financial institutions 
operating in Italy were to deteriorate materially, or if the Issuer’s ratings and/or the ratings of the sector 
were to be further adversely affected, this may have an adverse impact on the Issuer. In addition, such 
change in sentiment or reduction in ratings could result in an increase in the costs and a reduction in the 
availability of wholesale market funding across the financial sector which could have an adverse effect 
on the liquidity funding and value of the assets of all Italian financial services institutions, including the 
Issuer. 
However, material adverse effects on the business and profitability of the Issuer may result from further 
developments in terms of monetary policy and/or additional events occurring on an extraordinary basis 
(such as political instability, terrorism and any other similar event occurring in the markets where the 
Issuer operates and, as recently experienced, a pandemic emergency). In addition, the Issuer’s 
performance is affected by factors such as investor confidence, financial market liquidity, the 
availability and cost of borrowing on the capital markets, all of which are by their very nature, connected 
to the general macroeconomic situation. The global economic recovery may be further impacted by 
potential new rounds of restrictions that might be introduced by countries across the world, with the 
risk of further slowing down the expected recovery. 
Adverse changes in the above factors, particularly at times of financial crisis, could increase the Group’s 
cost of funding, with a material adverse impact on the business, financial condition and results of 
operations of the Issuer. 
Liquidity risk 
The Issuer’s business is subject to risks concerning liquidity which are inherent in its banking operations 
and could affect the Issuer’s ability to meet payment commitments or cause an incapacity to finance 
assets with the necessary punctuality on a cost/effective basis. In order to ensure that the Issuer 
continues to meet its funding obligations and to generally maintain or grow its business, it relies on 
customer savings and transmission balances, as well as ongoing access to the wholesale lending 
markets. The ability of the Issuer to access wholesale and retail funding sources on favourable economic 
terms is dependent on a wide range of factors, including issues out of its control, such as liquidity 
constraints, general market conditions and confidence in the Italian banking system. 
In recent years, global financial systems have been subject to considerable turmoil and uncertainty and, 
as at the date of this Base Prospectus, the short and medium term outlook for the global economy 
remains uncertain. The repricing of sovereign risk following the recent crisis has contributed to high 
volatility and uncertainty, weighing negatively on the global financial system.  
The current credit conditions of the global and Italian capital markets have led to the most severe 
examination of the banking system's capacity to absorb sudden significant changes in the funding and 
liquidity environment in recent history and have had an impact on the wider economy. Individual 
institutions have faced varying degrees of stress. Should the Group be unable to continue to source a 
sustainable funding profile which can absorb these sudden shocks, the Group's ability to fund its 
financial obligations at a competitive cost, or at all, could be adversely affected. 
Protracted market declines and reduced liquidity in the markets 
In some of the Issuer's businesses, protracted adverse market movements, particularly the decline of 
asset prices, can reduce market activity and market liquidity. These developments can lead to material 
losses if the Issuer cannot close out deteriorating positions in a timely way. This may especially be the 
case for assets that do not benefit from a liquid market. The value of assets that are not traded on stock

--- Page 22 ---
22 
 
exchanges or other public trading markets, such as derivatives contracts between banks, may be 
calculated by the Issuer using models other than publicly quoted prices. Monitoring the deterioration of 
the prices of assets like these is difficult and any failure to do so effectively could lead to unanticipated 
losses. This in turn could adversely affect the Issuer's operating results and financial condition. In 
addition, protracted or steep declines in the stock or bond markets in Italy and elsewhere may adversely 
affect the Issuer's securities trading activities and its asset management services, as well as its 
investments in and sales of products linked to the performance of financial assets. 
Risks associated with the Issuer's rating  
The risk associated with the ability of an issuer to meet its obligations generated by the issue of debt 
instruments and money market instruments is defined by reference to credit ratings assigned by 
independent rating agencies. A rating may be suspended, lowered or withdrawn at any time by the rating 
agency which assigned it. Suspension, lowering or withdrawal of an assigned rating can negatively 
affect the market price of the bonds issued. 
A downgrade of the Issuer’s rating would result in higher funding and refinancing costs for the Issuer 
in the capital markets. Such downgrade may also affect or effectively limit access to the capital markets, 
because investing in the Issuer will in such case likely be considered less attractive (also because of the 
Issuer's possible reputational damage) and/or will no longer be allowed for certain investors. In addition, 
a downgrade of the Issuer’s rating may limit the Issuer’s opportunities to extend mortgage loans and 
may have a particularly adverse effect on the Issuer’s image as a participant in the capital markets, as 
well as in the eyes of its clients. A rating downgrade might restrict the availability of funding or increase 
its cost for individuals and companies at a local level. 
These factors may also have an adverse effect on the Issuer’s financial condition and/or results of 
operations and, as a consequence, on the rating assigned to the Notes. 
Risks associated with related party transactions 
The Issuer and the Group has entered into transactions and has commercial, financial and economic 
dealings with related parties which are mainly intercompany distribution agreements.  
Related party transactions are conducted in the ordinary course of business under standard market 
conditions. In addition, the Issuer has put in place adequate internal procedures in order to mitigate the 
risks connected to such related party transactions and preserving the integrity and objectivity of the 
decision-making process.  
There is no certainty, however, that if such transactions had been concluded with third parties, the same 
terms and conditions would have been negotiated and applied, with possible adverse effects on the 
business, assets, liabilities, results of operations and/or financial condition of the Issuer and the Group.  
Risks relating to the Issuer’s business activity and industry 
Credit and counterparty risks 
Credit and counterparty risks are associated with the event that the financial soundness and outlook of 
the Issuer or of the Group deteriorate due to the risk of losses resulting from any inability or refusal by 
customers (including sovereign States) to meet their contractual obligations, relating to lending, 
commitments, letters of credit, derivatives instruments, foreign currency transactions and other 
transactions. 
This strategy consists of identifying risk ceilings that can be taken with lending (sector and individual 
concentration risk limits, etc.) and ensuring that they are consistent with the Group’s budget targets.

--- Page 23 ---
23 
 
Improvement of credit quality is pursued by means of constant monitoring of the loan portfolio, 
assessing compliance with the agreed risk strategy, with a focus on major risk exposures. 
The deterioration of the creditworthiness of major customers and, more generally, any defaults or 
repayment irregularities, the reduction of the economic value of guarantees received and/or the inability 
to execute the said guarantees successfully and/or in a timely manner, as well as any operational errors 
in assessing customers’ creditworthiness, could have an adverse impact on the results of the Issuer’s 
operations.  
On 24 February 2022 Bank of Italy issued the 38th amendment to Circular No. 285 introducing the 
possibility for the Bank of Italy to impose a systematic sectorial risk buffer, pursuant to Article 133 of 
the CRD IV, consisting of CET1, with the aim of preventing and mitigating macro-prudential or 
systemic risks not otherwise covered by the macro-prudential tools provided by the CRR, the 
countercyclical capital buffer and the capital buffers for G-SIIs or O-SIIs. 
In addition to the above, the 38th amendment also granted the power to the Bank of Italy of adopting 
one or more prudential measures based on customer and loan characteristics (so-called borrower-based 
measures), requiring banks to apply them when granting new financing in any form. Those measures 
can be applied to all loans or differentiated on the basis of the characteristics of customers and loans. 
More specifically, in the presence of high vulnerabilities of the financial system, which may give rise 
to systemic risks, the Bank of Italy may adopt one or more borrower-based measures that are – in line 
with the ESRB guidelines – appropriate and sufficient to prevent or mitigate the identified risks, 
considering, if possible, also any cross-border effect arising from their application and paying due 
attention to the principle of proportionality. 
Risks related to quality of loans 
Credit quality in the Italian market is affected by the continuing weakness of the economy. Moreover, 
within the banking system generally, a growing number of companies are struggling to repay loans. The 
proportion of loans to companies experiencing temporary difficulties (substandard and restructured 
loans) is steadily increasing, while the deterioration of loans to households has remained moderate. 
In addition to the above, the Italian banking system is currently recording high levels of non-performing 
loans and, as a result, numerous other banks may seek to dispose of these assets, which may result in 
excess supply and downward price pressure.  
Interest rate risk 
The interest rate risk consists of the possibility of incurring losses due to reductions in the value of 
assets and/or increases in the value of liabilities caused by adverse changes in interest rates on positions 
not included in the trading portfolio. 
The Issuer hedges the interest rate risk of fixed-rate or variable-rate loans with caps using interest rate 
swap (IRS) or interest rate option (IRO) derivatives. 
The Issuer’s risk management function ensures that financial risk assessment methods are consistent 
across the various operating entities and helps to set limits relating to the risk appetite and operating 
limits. 
Interest rate risk is analysed by the Issuer using indicators of both change in the value of equity and of 
change in net interest income (ΔVA and ΔMI), as well as to indicators of maximum loss (value at risk 
or VaR). 
The possibility of movements in interest rates may have negative impacts on the present and future

--- Page 24 ---
24 
 
profitability arising from assets and liabilities generating interest margin in the Group’s balance sheet. 
Competition 
The Group is subject to competition from a large number of companies who may offer the same 
financial products and services and other forms of alternative and/or novel forms of borrowing or 
investment. Such competitors include banks and other financial intermediaries. In addition, the 
formation of increasingly large banking groups, and the entry of foreign financial institutions into the 
Italian banking market, may allow such companies to offer products and services on terms that are more 
financially advantageous than those which the Issuer is able to offer as a result of their possible 
economies of scale. 
Competitive pressure may arise either from consumer demand of new services as well as technological 
demand, with the consequent necessity to make investments, or as a result of competitors’ specific 
competitive actions. In the event that the Issuer is not able to respond to the increasing competitive 
pressure by, for example, offering profitable new services and products that meet client demands, the 
Issuer could lose market share in a number of business sectors and/or fail to increase or maintain the 
volumes of business and/or profit margins it has achieved in the past, with possible adverse effects on 
the Issuer’s financial condition and results of operations. 
The Group may be unable to maintain capital and liquidity adequacy requirements  
The rules on capital adequacy for banks define the prudential minimum capital requirements, the quality 
of capital resources, and risk mitigation instruments. Such rules are complex and evolve regularly. In 
addition, the European Central Bank (ECB), as well as the Bank of Italy, can and do impose on the 
Group, as permitted by such rules, additional requirements with respect to its capital, which may restrict 
the Group’s operational flexibility and may, should it fail to meet such requirements, require the Group 
to adopt additional measures imposed by the ECB or other regulators. Capital adequacy requirements 
include – in addition to the capital ratios and buffer provided by the CRR –the following main 
requirements: (a) the requirement to maintain a Minimum Requirement for Own Funds and Eligible 
Liabilities (MREL), expressed as a percentage of the total liabilities and own funds of the institution, 
in view of facilitating a smooth resolution of the bank, in the event of a resolution decision; and (b) a 
Liquidity Coverage Ratio (LCR), aimed at ensuring the ongoing ability of the bank to meet its short-
term obligations. From June 2021, the banks have also to meet a binding leverage ratio of 3 per cent, 
which is aimed at preventing banks from excessively increasing their leverage levels, and a binding Net 
Stable Funding Ratio (NSFR), designed to ensure that banks finance their long-term activities with 
stable sources of funding in order to increase banks' resilience to funding constraints. 
For further information please see paragraph “Certain Regulatory Aspects Relating to the Issuer”, under 
the section “The Issuer”.  
On 13 July 2022, the Bank of Italy issued the 39th amendment to Circular No. 285 introducing – inter 
alia – a clear differentiation between components of ‘Pillar 2 Requirements’ estimated from an ordinary 
perspective and the ‘Pillar 2 Guidance’ determined from a stressed perspective which supervisory 
authorities may require banks to hold. The possibility for supervisory authorities to require additional 
capital in the presence of excessive leverage risk, under both ordinary and stressed conditions (‘Pillar 2 
Requirement Leverage Ratio’ and ‘Pillar 2 Guidance Leverage Ratio’) has also been envisaged. 
The Group may be subject to the provisions of the EU Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive 
The Issuer – as a bank – is subject to the Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive (BRRD), which is 
an EU Directive intended to enable a range of actions to be taken in relation to institutions considered 
to be at risk of failing (i.e. sale of business, asset separation, bail-in and bridge institution). The taking 
of any action under the BRRD in relation to the Issuer could materially affect the value of or any

--- Page 25 ---
25 
 
repayments linked to the Notes.  
In particular, if the Issuer is determined to be failing or likely to fail within the meaning of BRRD, and 
is put under resolution, the Notes (both the Senior Notes and the Subordinated Notes) may be, totally 
or partially written down or converted into equity, if it is deemed necessary by the Relevant Resolution 
Authority in the context of the resolution process. However, for the Subordinated Notes, such risk is 
higher as the Subordinated Notes are written down and/or converted after the shares, but before the 
senior debt securities. Thus, depending on the number of resources necessary to resolve the Issuer, the 
conversion/write-down of the sole Subordinated Notes may be sufficient to ensure its recovery.  
Furthermore, the Single Resolution Board, as Relevant Resolution Authority, may seek to amend the 
terms of the maturity date of the Notes: this circumstance could negatively affect the value of the Notes 
for the purpose of reselling the Notes.  
The resolution measures may be adopted in isolation or they may be adopted in combination. For 
instance, the relevant authority may require a partial conversion of the Notes into ordinary shares of the 
Issuer, in addition to the sale of the Issuer’s assets. 
In this respect, it is worth mentioning that the BRRD has been subject to significant revisions by 
Directive 2019/879/EU (the BRRD II).  
On 1 December 2021, Legislative Decree no. 193 of 8 November 2021 (the 193 Decree ), implementing 
the BRRD II into the Italian jurisdiction, entered into force, amending Legislative Decree No. 180/2015 
and the Italian Consolidated Banking Act (as defined below).   
The amendments introduced to Legislative Decree No. 180/2015 aligned the Italian regulatory 
framework regulating MREL, and the criteria according to which it is determined, to the provisions set 
forth in BRRD II.   
In particular, the amended version of Legislative Decree No. 180/2015 clearly envisages that MREL 
shall be determined by the Bank of Italy on the basis of the following criteria:  
(i) 
the need to ensure that the application of the resolution tools to the resolution entity is adequate 
to meet the resolution's objectives; 
(ii) 
the need to ensure that the resolution entity and its subsidiaries belonging to the same corporate 
group subject to resolution have sufficient own funds and eligible assets to ensure that, if the bail-
in tool or write-down or conversion powers, respectively, were to be applied to them, losses could 
be absorbed and that it is possible to restore the total capital ratio and, as applicable, the leverage 
ratio to a level necessary to enable them to continue to comply with the conditions for 
authorisation, according to the regulatory framework currently in force, even if the resolution 
plan envisages the possibility for certain classes of eligible liabilities to be excluded from bail-in 
or to be transferred in full to a recipient under a partial transfer; 
(iii) 
the size, business model, funding model and risk profile of the entity; and 
(iv) 
the extent to which the failure of the entity would have an adverse effect on financial stability, 
due to the interconnectedness of the entity with other institutions or entities or with the rest of the 
financial system. 
For further information please see paragraph “Certain Regulatory Aspects Relating to the Issuer”, under 
the section “The Issuer”. 
Forthcoming regulatory changes

--- Page 26 ---
26 
 
The Issuer is subject to extensive regulation and supervision by, among others, the Bank of Italy, 
CONSOB, the ECB and the SRB. In addition, the Issuer must comply with financial services laws that 
govern its marketing and selling practices.  
Changes in the regulatory framework and in how such regulations are interpreted and/or applied by the 
supervisory authorities may have a material effect on the Group’s business and operations. The manner 
in which the new framework of banking laws and regulations will be applied to the operations of 
financial institutions is still evolving. No assurance can be given that laws and regulations will be 
adopted, enforced or interpreted in a manner that will not have an adverse effect on the business, 
financial condition, cash flows and results of operations of the Group.  
Prospective investors in the Notes should consult their own advisors as to the consequences for them of 
the application of the above regulations as implemented by each Member State. 
For further information please see paragraph “Certain Regulatory Aspects Relating to the Issuer”, under 
the section “The Issuer”. 
The Issuer may be affected by new accounting standards or amendments to the current accounting 
standards 
Following the entry into force and subsequent application of new accounting standards, regulatory rules 
and/or the amendment of existing standards and rules, the Issuer may have to revise the accounting and 
regulatory treatment of certain outstanding assets and liabilities (e.g. deferred tax assets) and 
transactions (and the related income and expense). This may have potentially negative effects, also 
significant, on the estimates contained in the financial plans for future years and may cause the Issuer 
to have to restate previously published financial information. 
The values recorded on the balance sheet and income statement, as well as on the reporting of contingent 
assets and liabilities are significantly affected by the above factors and amendments. Accordingly, even 
if the estimates and assumptions adopted are subject to periodic review in order to take into account 
changes in the relevant period, it cannot be ruled out that a worsening performance will have an adverse 
effect on the items subject to valuation and, ultimately, on the financial condition and results of 
operations of the Issuer. 
Risks associated with pending legal proceedings  
As at the date of the Base Prospectus, the Issuer and the Group companies are parties to judiciary 
proceedings associated with their ordinary operations; for some of these proceedings, the Issuer, as at 
31 December 2021, had a provision in place for legal and tax disputes. This provision includes the costs 
of proceedings borne by the Issuer in the event of an adverse conclusion of the dispute. The provision 
also includes the estimated expenses to be paid to lawyers, any technical advisors and/or experts who 
assist the Issuer, to the extent that it is believed that they will not be reimbursed by the relevant 
counterparties. This estimate was determined by the Issuer, based on the quote requested to the legal 
counsels in the context of the granting of the relevant mandates. 
Although the Issuer believes that the amounts of these provisions and coverage are adequate, in many 
of these cases there is considerable uncertainty concerning the outcome, including the amount of any 
losses that it may suffer. The losses that it may eventually suffer as a result of these claims may 
materially exceed the amounts that it has set aside as provisions for these claims. 
For other information on the pending legal proceedings to which the Group is a party, reference is made 
to section “The Issuer” of this Base Prospectus. 
Risks related to the internal control of the Issuer

--- Page 27 ---
27 
 
Risk management and exposure to unidentified or unanticipated risks 
The Group has devoted significant resources to developing policies, procedures and assessment 
methods to manage market, credit, liquidity and operating risks and intends to continue to do so in the 
future. Nonetheless, the Group’s risk management techniques and strategies may not be fully effective 
in mitigating its risk exposure in all economic market environments or against all types of risks, 
including risks that the Issuer fails to identify or anticipate. If existing or potential customers believe 
that the Group’s risk management policies and procedures are inadequate, its reputation as well as its 
revenues and profits may be negatively affected. 
Operational risk 
Operational risk is defined as the risk of loss resulting from inadequate or failed internal processes and 
or systems, human resources and/or external events. This definition includes legal and conduct risks, 
but excludes strategic and reputational risks. Legal risk includes, but is not limited to, exposure to fines, 
penalties or punitive damages resulting from supervisory actions, as well as private settlements.  
The Group, being fully aware of the considerable damage to its image and reputation which could arise 
from the occurrence of loss events, adopts a management system suitable, in the opinion of the Issuer, 
to mitigate the operational risk effects. This system relies on procedures for the containment and 
mitigation of operational risks arising from transactions and for the prevention and/or limitation of the 
possible adverse effects resulting from them. However, the adoption of these measures may be 
inadequate to deal with the risks potentially arising, in part because of the unpredictability of the 
occurrence of risk events. 
The most frequently recurring operational risks and those having the greatest individual impact in terms 
of overall amount usually include errors in the execution of day-to-day payments and trading in 
securities, litigations and settlement agreements with customers, as well as external events, normally 
subject to mitigation through the purchase of insurance policies. 
Cyber risk and risks relating to information technology systems 
The Group depends on its own and the outsourcer’s information technology (IT) and data processing 
systems to operate its business, as well as on its continuous maintenance and constant updates. The 
Group is exposed to the risk that data could be damaged or lost, removed, disclosed or processed (data 
breach) for purposes other than those authorised by the customer, including by unauthorised parties. 
Among the risks that the Issuer faces relating to the management of IT systems are the possible 
violations of their systems due to unauthorised access to the Group corporate network, or IT resources, 
the introduction of viruses into computers or any other form of abuse committed via the internet. Like 
attempted hacking, such violations have become more frequent globally in recent years. Both the 
aggregation of new services for members and clients and the exposure of online services are becoming 
increasingly complex and gradually extending to more areas and products. In addition, the authors of 
cyber threats are using increasingly sophisticated methods and strategies for criminal purposes. 
Although the Issuer has adopted business continuity and disaster recovery plans, and implemented other 
IT risk policy, its IT systems may experience outages, delays or other failures or malfunctions due to 
design flaws, malicious attacks, hacking or other reasons. 
The possible destruction, damage or loss of customer, employee or third party data, as well as its 
removal, unauthorised processing or disclosure, would have a negative impact on the Group’s business 
and reputation and could subject the Group to fines, with consequent negative effects on the Group’s 
business, results of operations or financial condition.

--- Page 28 ---
28 
 
In addition, changes to relevant regulation could impose more stringent sanctions for violations and 
could have a negative impact on the Group’s business insofar as they lead the Group to incur additional 
compliance costs. 
Risks connected to the destruction, loss, theft or unauthorised disclosure of the Issuer’s customers’ 
personal data 
In carrying out its business, the Issuer collects, stores and processes its customers’ personal data. The 
Issuer has defined internal procedures and technical measures to ensure compliance with all applicable 
rules and regulations concerning the processing of personal data. 
These measures notwithstanding, the Issuer remains exposed to the risk that this data may be corrupted, 
lost, stolen, disclosed or used for purposes other than those that have been authorised by its customers, 
whether by its employees or third parties. Any destruction, damage, loss, theft or unauthorised 
disclosure of its customers’ personal data could have a material adverse impact on its business, whether 
in reputational terms or through exposure to lawsuits or administrative sanctions and fines by regulatory 
authorities, including the Italian authority for the Protection of Personal Data, which could, in turn, have 
a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s business, results of operations and financial condition. 
Outsourcing risk 
The Issuer outsources certain activities and services to third-party providers. In particular, the Issuer 
outsources services for the maintenance of certain operating systems, transmission over certain 
interbank payment networks, credit card payment processing, and for certain aspects of its customer 
care. 
Any interruption in the services provided by third parties or breach by these third parties of their 
commitments could impair the timing and quality of the services received by the Issuer’s customers. 
The Issuer is also exposed to the risk that external vendors who provide services to it may incur delays 
or interruptions in fulfilling their obligations or that they become subject to bankruptcy or insolvency 
proceedings, which could cause delays and inefficiencies in the Issuer’s business activities that could 
have a negative impact on its clients. The occurrence of any of these events could have a material 
adverse effect on the Issuer’s business, results of operations and financial condition. 
Risks linked to the organisational and management model pursuant to Legislative Decree No. 231/2001 
The Issuer faces the risk of criminal liability pursuant to Legislative Decree No. 231/2001. 
In its implementation of the provisions of Legislative Decree No. 231/2001, as subsequently 
supplemented and amended, the Issuer’s Board of Directors adopted an organisational and management 
model (Organisation, Management and Control Model) in order to: (i) identify specific vulnerable 
areas with reference to the different kind of offences set out in the Legislative Decree No. 231/2001, 
and identify the risks and the adequate control measures for pre-emptive purposes; (ii) set the rules and 
standards of conduct for the addressees of the Organisation, Management and Control Model; (iii) 
empower the supervisory body with the task of monitoring the knowledge and effective implementation 
of the Organisation, Management and Control Model; and (iv) define the conditions for the timely 
update of the Organisation, Management and Control Model, should the applicable law change to 
include further relevant criminal offences in relation to the business. In addition, the main companies 
directly or indirectly controlled by the Issuer adopted their own organisational, management and control 
model and appointed their supervisory body. 
The Board of Statutory Auditors has the role of supervisory body responsible for overseeing the 
effectiveness, functioning, observance and updating the Organisation, Management and Control Model,

--- Page 29 ---
29 
 
for the purposes of Legislative Decree No. 231/2001, and highlighted the activities carried out during 
the year in the Board’s annual report, without reporting any significant critical issues, events or 
situations. The supervisory body is provided with a budget agreed with the Board of Directors for the 
purpose of carrying out its supervisory duties. 
In addition, the Issuer’s Board of Directors adopted a code of ethics and a code of conduct in line with 
the best international practices. Notwithstanding the adoption of the abovementioned measures, it is 
possible that the Organisation, Management and Control Model and the code of ethics adopted by the 
Issuer could be considered insufficient by the judicial authority which has the potential jurisdiction on 
criminal cases brought forward under the abovementioned laws. Therefore, it is possible that civil or 
administrative sanctions, including those provided under Legislative Decree No. 231/2001, could be 
imposed on the Group and, as a consequence, the Group’s approvals, authorisations, licences and 
permits may be suspended or revoked.  
Should any of such circumstances occur, it may have negative effects on the economic and financial 
position and the reputation of the Issuer and the Group. 
Risks related to the political, environmental, social and governance environment of the Issuer 
Risks related to a downgrade of the Italian sovereign credit rating 
A further downgrade of the Italian sovereign credit rating or the perception that such a downgrade may 
occur would be likely to have a material effect in depressing consumer confidence, restricting the 
availability, increasing the cost of funding for individuals and companies, depressing economic activity, 
increasing unemployment, reducing asset prices and consequently increasing the risk of a “double dip” 
recession.  
Any further downgrade of the Italian sovereign credit rating or the perception that such a downgrade 
may occur may severely destabilise the markets and have a material adverse effect on the Group’s 
operating results, financial condition, prospects as well as on the marketability of the Notes. This might 
also impact on the Group’s credit ratings, borrowing costs and access to liquidity. 
The Issuer’s financial performance is affected by borrower credit quality and general economic 
conditions, in particular in Italy and Europe 
The Issuer monitors credit quality and manages the specific risk of each counterparty and the overall 
risk of the respective loan portfolios, and the Issuer will continue to do so, but there can be no assurance 
that such monitoring and risk management will suffice to keep the Issuer’s exposure to credit risk at 
acceptable levels. Any deterioration of the creditworthiness of significant individual customers or 
counterparties, or of the performance of loans and other receivables, as well as wrong assessments of 
creditworthiness or country risks may have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s business, financial 
condition and results of operations. 
Interest rate rises may also have an impact on the demand for mortgages and other loan products. The 
risk arising from the impact of the economy and business climate on the credit quality of the Group's 
debtors and counterparties can affect the overall credit quality and the recoverability of loans and 
amounts due from counterparties. 
As discussed above, these risks are exacerbated by concerns over the levels of the public debt of certain 
Euro-zone countries and their relative weaknesses. A rating downgrade in one of the countries in which 
the Issuer operates might restrict the availability of funding or increase its cost for individuals and 
companies at a local level. This might have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s operating results, 
financial conditions and business outlook.

--- Page 30 ---
30 
 
Governmental and central banks' actions intended to support liquidity may be insufficient or 
discontinued 
In response to the financial markets crisis, the reduced liquidity available to market operators in the 
industry, the increase of risk premiums, and the capital requirements demanded by investors, 
intervention with respect to the level of capitalisation of banking institutions has had to be further 
increased. In many countries, this has been achieved through support measures for the financial system 
and direct intervention by governments in the share capital of the banks in different forms. In order to 
technically permit such government support, financial institutions were required to pledge securities 
deemed appropriate by different central financial institutions as collateral. 
The unavailability of liquidity through such measures or the decrease or discontinuation of such 
measures by governments and central authorities could result in increased difficulties in procuring 
liquidity in the market and/or result in higher costs for the procurement of such liquidity, thereby 
adversely affecting the Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations. 
The Issuer’s financial performance is affected by “systemic risk” 
In recent years, the global credit environment has been adversely affected by significant instances of 
default, and there can be no certainty that such instances will not occur in the future. Concerns about, 
or a default by, one institution could lead to significant liquidity problems, losses or defaults by other 
institutions because the commercial soundness of many financial institutions may be closely related as 
a result of credit, trading, clearing or other relationships between institutions. This risk is sometimes 
referred to as “systemic risk” and may adversely affect financial intermediaries, such as clearing 
agencies, clearing houses, banks, securities firms and exchanges with which the Issuer interacts on a 
daily basis and therefore could adversely affect the Issuer. 
Catastrophic events, terrorist attacks and similar events could have a negative impact on the business 
and results of the Issuer 
Catastrophic events, terrorist attacks and similar events, as well as the responses thereto, may create 
economic and political uncertainties, which could have a negative impact on economic conditions in 
the regions in which the Issuer operates and, more specifically, on the business and results of the Issuer 
in ways that cannot be predicted. 
The Issuer’s success depends on the quality and retention of key personnel 
The Issuer’s success depends on its ability to attract, train and retain qualified personnel, as well as its 
ability to retain key members of its management team. The Issuer’s current management team 
(particularly its Chief Executive Officer and certain other key managers) has significant experience in 
the industries in which it operates and has played a crucial role in its growth and the continued 
development of its business. The Issuer has invested considerable time and resources in training its 
personnel and internally developing the skills that are required for the operation of its business and it 
offers its top management compensation and incentives to help ensure their continued service. 
However, if the Issuer were to lose significant personnel or if any key member of its management were 
to terminate his or her relationship with the Issuer and it was not able to find a suitable replacement for 
such personnel or management in a timely manner, its business, results of operations and financial 
condition could be negatively affected. 
The Issuer relies on the quality and performance of its financial advisors and its ability to recruit and 
retain them 
The Issuer’s network of financial advisors is a key component of its distribution channel. Despite the 
fact that the Issuer seeks to select, recruit and train its financial advisors carefully, also through the

--- Page 31 ---
31 
 
creation of professional paths aimed at increasing the market presence of the Issuer and to preside over 
the generational transition of family bankers, it can provide no assurance that there will not be errors in 
its assessment of potential candidates or on the effectiveness of its training programs, each of which 
could result in poor performance by these financial advisors and which could have a negative impact 
on its customers’ experience and its reputation. 
The Issuer’s ability to recruit and retain financial advisors is a key element in the achievement of its 
targets for the growth of its network over the next few years. The market for financial advisors is highly 
competitive, and the Issuer employs several strategies to recruit potential candidates, including offering 
compensation packages and incentives that are consistent with market standards. Should the Issuer’s 
strategies or the packages it offers be inadequate to meet these recruitment targets, or if the Issuer’s 
competitors were to offer more generous compensation packages to recruit financial advisors (whether 
in its network or that it may be targeting for recruitment), the Issuer may experience difficulty in 
recruiting new financial advisors or it may lose financial advisors with significant client portfolios to 
its competitors. 
In addition, the Issuer is also exposed to the risk that, as a banking institution, it may be subject to future 
regulatory limitations on the compensation of its financial advisors. Such regulations may also impact 
the Issuer’s ability to recruit and retain financial advisors. 
Any negative developments concerning the performance of its financial advisors or its ability to recruit 
and retain them could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s business, results of operations and 
financial condition.  
Improper acts committed by the Issuer’s financial advisors in the course of their professional activities 
could give rise to liability for the Issuer and/or damage its reputation 
The Issuer has been and is the subject of lawsuits that have been brought against it in connection with 
allegedly improper or illegal activities by its financial advisors, including fraud. 
The Issuer has been impleaded as a defendant in these matters, despite the fact that the financial advisors 
are not employees of the Issuer, because, under Italian law, an intermediary (like the Issuer) that 
employs the services of a financial advisor is jointly and severally liable for any damage that the 
financial advisor may cause to clients or third parties arising out of the provision of such services, even 
if the financial advisor in question is convicted by a criminal court. The Issuer has taken out specific 
insurance policies to protect against the risk associated with these types of lawsuits and has made 
provisions for expected liabilities that are not covered by such insurance policies. However, the 
incurrence of any liability that is not or that is only partially covered by insurance, or not at all, could 
have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s business, results of operations and financial condition.  
Although the Issuer continuously monitors its financial advisors’ compliance with applicable laws and 
its high standards concerning fairness and transparency, its financial advisors may be negligent in the 
manner in which they distribute the Issuer’s products and services or they may willfully engage in 
fraudulent or illegal activity. As a consequence, in addition to the adverse financial impact that the 
Issuer may suffer through lawsuits, regulatory authorities may also bring administrative proceedings 
against it and may apply administrative sanctions, which could include fines or restrictions on its ability 
to conduct certain aspects of its business. 
Any such action could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s business, results of operations and 
financial condition. Irrespective of the underlying merits of the claim, the initiation of legal or 
administrative proceedings against any of the Issuer’s financial advisors could also have a material 
adverse effect on its image and market reputation and, more generally, on the level of trust between the 
Issuer and its customers. Any such action could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s business, 
results of operations and financial condition.

--- Page 32 ---
32 
 
FACTORS WHICH ARE MATERIAL FOR THE PURPOSE OF ASSESSING THE MARKET 
RISKS ASSOCIATED WITH NOTES ISSUED UNDER THE PROGRAMME  
Risks related to the structure of a particular issue of Notes 
A range of Notes may be issued under the Programme. A number of these Notes may have features 
which contain particular risks for potential investors. Set out below is a description of the most common 
such features, distinguishing between factors which may occur in relation to any Notes and those which 
might occur in relation to certain types of Exempt Notes: 
Risks applicable to all Notes 
If the Issuer has the right to redeem any Notes at its option, this may limit the market value of the Notes 
concerned and an investor may not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in a manner which 
achieves a similar effective return.  
An optional redemption feature is likely to limit the market value of the Notes. During any period when 
the Issuer may elect to redeem Notes or there is an actual or perceived increase in the likelihood that 
the Issuer will be able to redeem the Notes, the market value of those Notes generally will not rise 
substantially above the price at which they can be redeemed. This also may be true prior to any 
redemption period. 
The Issuer may be expected to redeem Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest rate 
on the Notes. At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption 
proceeds at an effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Notes being redeemed and may 
only be able to do so at a significantly lower rate. Potential investors should consider reinvestment risk 
in light of other investments available at that time. 
The Issuer may, at its option, redeem Notes for tax reasons in the circumstances described in, and in 
accordance with, Condition 5.2 (Redemption for tax reasons) or, if so specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, in accordance with Condition 5.4 (Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Call)). If so 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may also, at its option, redeem Senior Notes or Non-
Preferred Senior Notes in the circumstances described in, and in accordance with, Condition 5.6 (Issuer 
Call due to MREL Disqualification Event).  
Any redemption of the Senior Notes or Non-Preferred Senior Notes is subject to compliance by the 
Issuer with any conditions to such redemption prescribed by the then applicable MREL Requirements 
(including any requirements applicable to such redemption due to the qualification of such Senior Notes 
or Non-Preferred Senior Notes at such time as eligible liabilities available to meet the MREL 
Requirements). See “Early redemption and purchase of the Senior Notes and Non-Preferred Senior 
Notes may be restricted” below for further information. 
Any redemption of the Subordinated Notes is subject to the prior approval of the relevant Competent 
Authority and in accordance with applicable laws and regulations and the relevant Regulatory Capital 
Requirements, including Articles 77 and 78 of the CRR. See “Early redemption and purchase of the 
Subordinated Notes may be restricted” and “Regulatory classification of the Notes” and “Regulatory 
classification of the Notes” below for further information. 
If the Notes include a feature to convert the interest basis from a fixed rate to a floating rate, or vice 
versa, this may affect the secondary market and the market value of the Notes concerned. 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes are Notes which bear interest at a rate that converts from a fixed rate to a 
floating rate, or from a floating rate to a fixed rate. Such a feature to convert the interest basis, and any 
conversion of the interest basis, may affect the secondary market in, and the market value of, such Notes

--- Page 33 ---
33 
 
as the change of interest basis may result in a lower interest return for Noteholders. Where the Notes 
convert from a fixed rate to a floating rate, the spread on the Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may be less 
favourable than then prevailing spreads on comparable Floating Rate Notes tied to the same reference 
rate. In addition, the new floating rate at any time may be lower than the rates on other Notes. Where 
the Notes convert from a floating rate to a fixed rate, the fixed rate may be lower than then prevailing 
rates on those Notes and could affect the market value of an investment in the relevant Notes. 
Notes which are issued at a substantial discount or premium may experience price volatility in response 
to changes in market interest rates. 
The market values of securities issued at a substantial discount (such as Zero Coupon Notes) or premium 
to their principal amount tend to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do 
prices for more conventional interest-bearing securities. Generally, the longer the remaining term of 
such securities, the greater the price volatility as compared to more conventional interest-bearing 
securities with comparable maturities. 
Waiver of set-off 
As specified in Condition 2.1 (Status of the Senior Notes), Condition 2.2 (Status of the Non-Preferred 
Senior Notes) and Condition 2.3 (Status of the Subordinated Notes), each holder of, respectively, a 
Senior Note, a Non-Preferred Senior Note and/or a Subordinated Note will unconditionally and 
irrevocably waive any right of set-off, netting, counterclaim, abatement or other similar remedy which 
it might otherwise have under the laws of any jurisdiction, in respect of such Senior Note, Non-Preferred 
Senior Note and/or Subordinated Note.  
The Notes have limited Events of Default and remedies 
The Events of Default in respect of the Notes, being events upon which the Noteholders may declare 
the Notes to be immediately due and payable, are limited to circumstances in which the Issuer is 
liquidated (including when the Issuer becomes subject to Liquidazione Coatta Amministrativa as 
defined in the Italian Consolidated Banking Act) as set out in Condition 8.1 (Events of Default relating 
to Senior Notes and Non-Preferred Senior Notes and Subordinated Notes). Accordingly, other than 
following the occurrence of an Event of Default, even if the Issuer fails to meet any of its obligations 
under the Notes, including without limitation the payment of any interest, the Noteholders will not have 
the right of acceleration in respect of any amount due under the Notes and the sole remedy available to 
Noteholders for recovery of amounts owing in respect of any of the Notes will be the institution of 
proceedings to enforce the payment of any such amount. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Issuer will 
not, by virtue of the institution of any such proceedings, be obliged to pay any sum or sums sooner than 
the same would otherwise have been payable by it. 
In the case of Notes which are issued as Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds, please 
also see Risk Factor "In respect of any Notes issued with a specific use of proceeds, such as a ‘Green 
Bond’ or ‘Social Bond’ or ‘Sustainability Bond’, there can be no assurance that such use of proceeds 
will be suitable for the investment criteria of an investor". 
The Notes may be subject to loss absorption or any application of the general bail-in tool 
The BRRD contemplates that the Notes may be subject to non-viability loss absorption, in addition to 
the application of the general bail-in tool.  
For further information please see paragraph 5 (Regulatory capital) under the section entitled “The 
Issuer”.

--- Page 34 ---
34 
 
Risks applicable to the Senior Notes and the Non-Preferred Senior Notes 
The Issuer’s obligations under Non-Preferred Senior Notes rank junior to unsecured and 
unsubordinated preferred obligations of the Issuer 
Banca Mediolanum’s obligations under Non-Preferred Senior Notes will be unsecured, unsubordinated 
and non-preferred obligations of the Issuer and will rank junior in priority of payment to Senior 
Liabilities and claims arising from the excluded liabilities within the meaning of Article 72a(2) of the 
CRR. Senior Liabilities means any direct, unconditional, unsecured and unsubordinated indebtedness 
or payment obligations (or indebtedness or obligations which rank, or are expressed to rank by their 
terms, senior to the Non-Preferred Senior Notes) of the Issuer for money borrowed or raised or 
guaranteed by the Issuer, as the case may be, and any indebtedness or mandatory payment obligations 
preferred by the laws of the Republic of Italy. Although Non-Preferred Senior Notes may pay a higher 
rate of interest than comparable Senior Notes which are preferred, there is a real risk that an investor in 
Non-Preferred Senior Notes will lose all or some of his investment should the Issuer become insolvent. 
Senior Notes and Non-Preferred Senior Notes could be subject to Issuer Call due to MREL 
Disqualification Event 
If at any time an MREL Disqualification Event occurs and is continuing in relation to any Series of 
Senior Notes or Non-Preferred Senior Notes, and the form of Final Terms for the Senior Notes or the 
Non-Preferred Senior Notes of such Series specify that Issuer Call due to MREL Disqualification Event 
is applicable, the Issuer may (subject to the provisions of Condition 5.13 (Conditions to Early 
Redemption and Purchase of Senior Notes and Non-Preferred Senior Notes) elect to redeem all, but not 
some only, of the Senior Notes or the Non-Preferred Senior Notes of such Series. An MREL 
Disqualification Event means that, at any time, all or part of the aggregate outstanding nominal amount 
of such Series of Senior Notes or Non-Preferred Senior Notes is or will be excluded fully or partially 
from the eligible liabilities available to meet the MREL Requirements, subject to as set out in Condition 
5.6 (Issuer Call due to MREL Disqualification Event). The applicability of the minimum requirements 
for eligible liabilities is subject to the application, in the EU and in Italy, of the new EU regulatory 
framework under the BRRD II, SRM II Regulation, CRD V Directive and CRR II (the EU Banking 
Framework). 
If the Senior Notes or the Non-Preferred Senior Notes are to be so redeemed, there can be no assurance 
that Noteholders will be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds at an effective interest rate as high as 
the interest rate on the Senior Notes or Non-Preferred Senior Notes being redeemed. Potential investors 
should consider reinvestment risk in light of other investments available at that time. In addition, an 
MREL Disqualification Event could result in a decrease in the market price of the Notes. 
See also “If the Issuer has the right to redeem any Notes at its option, this may limit the market value 
of the Notes concerned and an investor may not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in a manner 
which achieves a similar effective return” above. 
Early redemption and purchase of the Senior Notes and Non-Preferred Senior Notes may be restricted 
Any early redemption or purchase of Senior Notes and Non-Preferred Senior Notes is subject to 
compliance by the Issuer with any conditions to such redemption or repurchase prescribed by the then 
applicable MREL Requirements, including any requirements applicable to such redemption or 
repurchase due to the qualification of such Senior Notes or Non-Preferred Senior Notes at such time as 
eligible liabilities available to meet the MREL Requirements. 
In addition, under the EU Banking Framework, the early redemption or purchase of Senior Notes and 
Non-Preferred Senior Notes which qualify as eligible liabilities available to meet MREL Requirements 
is subject to the prior approval of the Competent Authority where applicable from time to time under

--- Page 35 ---
35 
 
the applicable laws and regulations. The EU Banking Framework states that the Competent Authority 
would approve an early redemption of the Senior Notes and Non-Preferred Senior Notes where any of 
the following conditions is met: 
(a) 
on or before such early redemption or purchase of the Senior Notes or Non-Preferred Senior 
Notes, the Issuer replaces the Senior Notes or Non-Preferred Senior Notes with own funds 
instruments or eligible liabilities of an equal or higher quality on terms that are sustainable for 
the income capacity of the Issuer;  
(b) 
the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Competent Authority that its Own Funds 
and eligible liabilities would, following such redemption or purchase, exceed the requirements 
for own funds and eligible liabilities set out in the CRD V Directive or the BRRD II (or, in 
either case, any relevant provisions of Italian law implementing the CRD V Directive or, as 
appropriate, the BRRD II) or the CRR II by a margin that the Competent Authority considers 
necessary; or 
(c) 
the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Competent Authority that the partial or 
full replacement of the eligible liabilities with own funds instruments is necessary to ensure 
compliance with the own funds requirements laid down in the CRR II and in the CRD V 
Directive for continuing authorisation. 
The Competent Authority shall consult with the Relevant Resolution Authority before granting that 
permission, as requested pursuant to the EU Banking Framework.  
Senior Notes and Non-Preferred Senior Notes may be subject to modification without Noteholders' 
consent 
If Variation is specified as being applicable in the circumstances described in (i) and/or (ii) below in 
the relevant Final Terms for any Series of Senior Notes or Non-Preferred Senior Notes then (i) at any 
time an MREL Disqualification Event occurs and/or as applicable (ii) in order to ensure the 
effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 16 (Statutory Loss Absorption Powers), then the Issuer 
may, subject to giving any notice required to be given to, and receiving any consent required from, the 
Competent Authority and/or as appropriate the Relevant Resolution Authority (without any requirement 
for the consent or approval of the holders of the Senior Notes or Non-Preferred Senior Notes of that 
Series) and having given not less than 30 nor more than 60 days’ notice to the Paying Agents and the 
holders of the Notes of that Series (or such other notice periods as may be specified in the relevant Final 
Terms), at any time vary the terms of Senior Notes or Non-Preferred Senior Notes so that they remain 
or, as appropriate, become, Qualifying Senior Notes or Qualifying Non-Preferred Senior Notes, as 
applicable, provided that such variation does not itself give rise to any right of the Issuer to redeem the 
varied securities. 
Qualifying Senior Notes or Qualifying Non-Preferred Senior Notes, as applicable, are securities issued 
by the Issuer that, other than in respect of the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 16 (Statutory 
Loss Absorption Powers), have terms not materially less favourable to the Noteholders (as reasonably 
determined by the Issuer) than the terms of the relevant Senior Notes or Non-Preferred Senior Notes, 
as applicable. However, no assurance can be given as to whether any of these changes will negatively 
affect any particular Noteholder. In addition, the tax and stamp duty consequences of holding such 
varied notes could be different for some categories of Noteholders from the tax and stamp duty 
consequences for them of holding the notes prior to such variation.

--- Page 36 ---
36 
 
Senior Notes and Non-Preferred Senior Notes may be subject to loss absorption on any application of 
the general bail-in-tool  
Investors should be aware that Senior Notes and Non-Preferred Senior Notes may be subject to 
write-down or conversion into equity capital instruments on any application of the general bail-in 
tool, which may result in such holders losing some or all of their investment. The exercise of the 
general bail-in tool, or any other power under the BRRD or any suggestion or perceived suggestion 
of such exercise could, therefore, materially adversely affect the rights of holders Senior Notes and 
Non-Preferred Senior Notes, the price or value of their investment in any such Notes and/or the 
ability of the Issuer to satisfy its obligations under such Notes. Any shares issued to holders of 
Senior Notes or Non-Preferred Senior Notes upon any such conversion into equity capital 
instruments may be of little value at the time of conversion and may also be subject to any future 
application of the BRRD. 
Risks applicable to the Subordinated Notes 
An investor in Subordinated Notes assumes an enhanced risk of loss in the event of insolvency of 
Banca Mediolanum 
Banca Mediolanum’s obligations under Subordinated Notes will be unsecured and subordinated 
and will rank junior in priority of payment to Senior Liabilities. Senior Liabilities means any 
direct, unconditional, unsecured and unsubordinated indebtedness or payment obligations (or 
indebtedness or obligations which are subordinated but to a lesser degree than the obligations under 
the relevant Subordinated Notes) of the Issuer for money borrowed or raised or guaranteed by the 
Issuer, as the case may be, and any indebtedness or mandatory payment obligations preferred by 
the laws of the Republic of Italy. Although Subordinated Notes may pay a higher rate of interest 
than comparable Notes which are not subordinated, there is a real risk that an investor in 
Subordinated Notes will lose all or some of his investment should the Issuer become insolvent. 
In no event will holders of Subordinated Notes be able to accelerate the obligations of the Issuer 
under Subordinated Notes held by them; such holders will have claims only for amounts then due 
and payable on their Subordinated Notes. After the Issuer has fully paid all deferred interest on 
any issue of Subordinated Notes and if that issue of Subordinated Notes remains outstanding, 
future interest payments on that issue of Subordinated Notes will be subject to further deferral. 
Subordinated Notes may be subject to loss absorption on any application of the general bail-in-
tool or at the point of non-viability of the Issuer or may be the subject to the burden sharing 
requirements of the EU State aid framework and the BRRD 
Investors should be aware that, in addition to the general bail-in tool, the BRRD provides for 
resolution authorities to have the further power to write-down permanently/convert into equity 
capital instruments such as the Subordinated Notes at the point of non-viability and before any 
other resolution action is taken, with losses absorbed in accordance with the priority of claims 
under normal insolvency proceedings (Non-Viability Loss Absorption). Any shares issued to 
holders of Subordinated Notes upon any such conversion into equity capital instruments may also be 
subject to any future application of the BRRD. 
Furthermore, the BRRD provides for a Member State as a last resort, after having assessed and 
applied the resolution tools (including the general bail-in tool) to the maximum extent practicable 
whilst maintaining financial stability, to be able to provide extraordinary public financial support 
through additional financial stabilisation tools. These consist of the public equity support and 
temporary public ownership tools. Any such extraordinary financial support must be provided in 
accordance with the burden sharing requirements of the EU state aid framework and the BRRD. 
As an exemption from these principles, the BRRD allows for three kinds of extraordinary public

--- Page 37 ---
37 
 
support to be provided to a solvent institution without triggering resolution: 1) a State guarantee to 
back liquidity facilities provided by central banks according to the central banks’ conditions; 2) a 
State guarantee of newly issued liabilities; or 3) an injection of own funds in the form of 
precautionary recapitalisation. In the case of precautionary recapitalization EU state aid rules 
require that shareholders and junior bond holders (such as holders of the Subordinated Notes) 
contribute to the costs of restructuring. 
As a result, Subordinated Notes may be subject to a partial or full write-down or conversion to 
Common Equity Tier 1 instruments of the Issuer or one of the Banca Mediolanum Group’s entities 
or another institution. Accordingly, trading behaviour may also be affected by the threat that Non-
Viability Loss Absorption (or the general bail-in tool) may be applied to Subordinated Notes or 
the burden sharing requirements of the EU state aid framework and the BRRD may be applied and, 
as a result, Subordinated Notes are not necessarily expected to follow the trading behaviour 
associated with other types of securities. Noteholders should consider the risk that they may lose 
all of their investment, including the principal amount plus any accrued interest if the Non-Viability 
Loss Absorption (or the general bail-in tool) is applied to the Subordinated Notes or the burden 
sharing requirements of the EU state aid framework and the BRRD are applied or that such 
Subordinated Notes may be converted into ordinary shares which ordinary shares may be of little 
value at the time of conversion. 
In addition, on 30 November 2021, Legislative Decree No. 193 of 8 November 2021 (the 193 
Decree) implementing the BRRD II was published in the Gazzetta Ufficiale and entered into force 
on 1 December 2021. The 193 Decree introduces point c-ter) under Article 91 paragraph 1-bis) of 
the Italian Consolidated Banking Act transposing Article 48(7) of the BRRD II. The amended 
Article 91 of the Italian Consolidated Banking Act provides for the following ranking:   
• 
subordinated instruments which do not qualify (and no part thereof is recognized) as own 
funds items (elementi di fondi propri) shall rank senior to own funds items (including any 
instruments only partly recognized as own funds items (elementi di fondi propri)) and 
junior to senior non-preferred instruments (strumenti di debito chirografario di secondo 
livello);  
• 
if instruments which qualified in whole or in part as own funds items (elementi di fondi 
propri) cease, in their entirety, to be classified as such, they will rank senior to own fund 
items (elementi di fondi propri) but junior to senior non-preferred instruments.  
In light of the above, if Subordinated Notes of the Issuer (which qualify or qualified at any time 
either in whole or in part as own fund items) were to be disqualified entirely as own funds items 
in the future, their ranking would improve compared to Subordinated Notes which at the relevant 
time qualify as own funds items (in whole or in part) and would rank pari passu with Subordinated 
Notes which at the relevant time are not qualified in whole or in part as own funds items. In the 
event of a liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer, the Issuer would, inter alia, be required to pay 
subordinated creditors of the Issuer whose claims rank in priority to the Subordinated Notes, including 
those whose claims arise from liabilities that no longer fully or partially are recognized as an own 
funds instrument in full before it can make any payments on the Subordinated Notes which, at the 
relevant time, qualify as own funds items (in whole or in part). Furthermore, if the Subordinated Notes 
are fully disqualified as own funds items, such Notes would not be subject to a write-down or 
conversion into common shares at the point of non-viability even though they would continue to 
be subject to bail-in, and, in the event the Issuer were to receive extraordinary financial support in 
accordance with the EU state aid framework and the BRRD, may be subject to the burden sharing 
requirements of such legislation.

--- Page 38 ---
38 
 
Early redemption and purchase of the Subordinated Notes may be restricted 
Any early redemption or purchase of Subordinated Notes is subject to compliance with the then 
applicable Regulatory Capital Requirements, including for the avoidance of doubt: 
(a) 
the Issuer giving notice to the Competent Authority and the Competent Authority granting 
prior permission to redeem or purchase the relevant Subordinated Notes (in each case to 
the extent, and in the manner, required by the then applicable Regulatory Capital 
Requirements, including Articles 77 and 78 of the CRR, as amended or replaced from time 
to time), where either: 
(i) 
on or before such redemption or purchase (as applicable), the Issuer having 
replaced the Notes with own funds instruments of equal or higher quality at terms 
that are sustainable for the income capacity of the Issuer; or  
(ii) 
the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Competent Authority that its own 
funds and eligible liabilities would, following such repayment or purchase, exceed the 
minimum requirements (including any capital buffer requirements) required under the 
Regulatory Capital Requirements by a margin that the Competent Authority considers 
necessary at such time; and 
(b) 
in respect of a call, redemption repayment or repurchase prior to the fifth anniversary of 
the Issue Date of the relevant Subordinated Notes, if and to the extent required under 
Article 78(4) of the CRR or the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No. 241/2014 of 
7 January 2014: 
(i) 
in the case of redemption pursuant to Condition 5.2 (Redemption for tax reasons), the 
Issuer having demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Competent Authority that the 
change in the applicable tax treatment of the Subordinated Notes is material and was 
not reasonably foreseeable as at the Issue Date; or 
(ii) 
in case of redemption pursuant to Condition 5.3 (Redemption for regulatory reasons 
(Regulatory Call)), if there is a change in the regulatory classification of the 
Subordinated Notes that would be likely to result in their exclusion from “Tier 2” 
capital at individual or consolidated basis (in whole or in part), provided that, in case 
of exclusion in part, such exclusion is not as a result of amortisation or any limits on 
the amount of “Tier 2” capital applicable to the Issuer and, in respect of any redemption 
of the relevant Subordinated Notes proposed to be made prior to the fifth anniversary 
of the Issue Date, both of the following conditions are met: (i) the Competent Authority 
considers such a change to be sufficiently certain and (ii) the Issuer demonstrates to the 
satisfaction of the Competent Authority that the change in the regulatory classification 
of the Subordinated Notes was not reasonably foreseeable by the Issuer as at the date 
of the issue of the relevant Subordinated Notes; or 
(iii) 
on or before such redemption or repurchase (as applicable), the Issuer having replaced 
the Notes with own funds instruments of equal or higher quality at terms that are 
sustainable for the income capacity of the Issuer and the Competent Authority having 
permitted that action on the basis of the determination that it would be classified from 
a prudential point of view and justified by exceptional circumstances; or 
(iv) 
the Notes being repurchased for market making purposes, 
subject in any event to any alternative or additional conditions or requirements as may be 
applicable from time to time under the Regulatory Capital Requirements for the time being.

--- Page 39 ---
39 
 
There can be no assurance that the relevant Competent Authority will permit such redemption or 
purchase. In addition, the Issuer may elect not to exercise any option to redeem any Subordinated 
Notes early or at any time. Holders of Subordinated Notes should be aware that they may be 
required to bear the financial risks of an investment in such Notes for a period of time in excess of 
the minimum period.  
Regulatory classification of the Notes 
The intention of Banca Mediolanum is for Subordinated Notes to qualify on issue as "Tier 2 
capital" for regulatory capital purposes. 
Although it is Banca Mediolanum’s expectation that the Subordinated Notes qualify on issue as 
"Tier 2 capital", there can be no representation that this is or will remain the case during the life of 
such Subordinated Notes. If there is a change in the regulatory classification of the Subordinated 
Notes that would be likely to result in their exclusion from "Tier 2 capital" and, in respect of any 
redemption of the relevant Subordinated Notes proposed to be made prior to the fifth anniversary 
of their Issue Date, both of the following conditions are met: (i) the Competent Authority (as 
defined in Condition 5.14 (Conditions to Early Redemption and Purchase of Subordinated Notes)) 
considers such a change to be reasonably certain and (ii) Banca Mediolanum demonstrates to the 
satisfaction of the Competent Authority that the change in the regulatory classification of the 
Subordinated Notes was not reasonably foreseeable by Banca Mediolanum as at the date of the 
issue of the relevant Subordinated Notes, Banca Mediolanum will (if so specified in the form of 
Final Terms) have the right to redeem the Subordinated Notes in accordance with Condition 5.3 
(Redemption for regulatory reasons (Regulatory Call)), subject to, inter alia, the prior approval of 
the relevant Competent Authority and in accordance with the then applicable Regulatory Capital 
Requirements and laws and regulations, including Articles 77 and 78 of the CRR. There can be no 
assurance that holders of such Subordinated Notes will be able to reinvest the amounts received 
upon redemption at a rate that will provide the same rate of return as their investments in the 
relevant Notes, as the case may be. In addition, the occurrence of such event could result in a 
decrease in the market price of the Notes. 
Also, under certain circumstances, the Issuer may, as specified in the risk factor “Subordinated 
Notes may be subject to modification without Noteholders' consent” below, at any time vary the terms 
of such Notes so that they remain or, as appropriate, become Qualifying Subordinated Notes. 
Subordinated Notes may be subject to modification without Noteholders' consent 
If Variation is specified as being applicable in the relevant Final Terms, in order to ensure the 
effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 16 (Statutory Loss Absorption Powers) of for any Series 
of Subordinated Notes, then the Issuer may, subject to giving any notice required to be given to, and 
receiving any consent required from, the Competent Authority and/or as appropriate the Relevant 
Resolution Authority (without any requirement for the consent or approval of the holders of the 
Subordinated Notes of that Series), and having given not less than 30 nor more than 60 days’ notice to 
the Paying Agents and the holders of the Notes of that Series (or such other notice periods as may be 
specified in the relevant Final Terms), at any time, vary the terms of Subordinated Notes  so that they 
remain or, as appropriate, become, Qualifying Subordinated Notes, as applicable, provided that such 
variation does not itself give rise to any right of the Issuer to redeem the varied securities. 
Qualifying Subordinated Notes are securities issued by the Issuer that, other than in respect of the 
effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 16 (Statutory Loss Absorption Powers), have terms not 
materially less favourable to the Noteholders (as reasonably determined by the Issuer) than the terms of 
the relevant Subordinated Notes. However, no assurance can be given as to whether any of these 
changes will negatively affect any particular Noteholder. In addition, the tax and stamp duty

--- Page 40 ---
40 
 
consequences of holding such varied notes could be different for some categories of Noteholders from 
the tax and stamp duty consequences for them of holding the notes prior to such variation. 
The interest rate on Reset Notes will reset on each Reset Date, which can be expected to affect the 
interest payment on an investment in Reset Notes and could affect the market value of the Reset 
Notes 
Reset Notes will initially bear interest at the Initial Rate of Interest from and including the Interest 
Commencement Date up to but excluding the First Reset Date. On the First Reset Date, the Second 
Reset Date (if applicable) and each Subsequent Reset Date (if any) thereafter, the interest rate will be 
reset to the sum of the applicable Mid-Swap Rate and the First Margin or Subsequent Margin (as 
applicable) as determined by the Calculation Agent on the relevant Reset Determination Date (each 
such interest rate, a Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest). The Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest for 
any Reset Period could be less than the Initial Rate of Interest or the Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest 
for prior Reset Periods and could affect the market value of an investment in the Reset Notes. 
Risks applicable to certain types of Exempt Notes 
There are particular risks associated with an investment in certain types of Exempt Notes, such as Index 
Linked Notes and Dual Currency Notes. In particular, an investor might receive less interest than 
expected or no interest in respect of such Notes and may lose some or all of the principal amount 
invested by it. 
The Issuer may issue Notes with principal or interest determined by reference to an index or formula, 
to changes in the prices of securities or commodities, to movements in currency exchange rates or other 
factors (each, a Relevant Factor). In addition, the Issuer may issue Notes with principal or interest 
payable in one or more currencies which may be different from the currency in which the Notes are 
denominated. Potential investors should be aware that: 
(i) 
the market price of such Notes may be volatile; 
(ii) 
they may receive no interest; 
(iii) 
payment of principal or interest may occur at a different time or in a different currency than 
expected; 
(iv) 
they may lose all or a substantial portion of their principal; 
(v) 
a Relevant Factor may be subject to significant fluctuations that may not correlate with changes 
in interest rates, currencies or other indices; 
(vi) 
if a Relevant Factor is applied to Notes in conjunction with a multiplier greater than one or 
contains some other leverage factor, the effect of changes in the Relevant Factor on principal 
or interest payable likely will be magnified; and 
(vii) 
the timing of changes in a Relevant Factor may affect the actual yield to investors, even if the 
average level is consistent with their expectations. In general, the earlier the change in the 
Relevant Factor, the greater the effect on yield. 
The historical experience of an index or other Relevant Factor should not be viewed as an indication of 
the future performance of such Relevant Factor during the term of any Notes. Accordingly, each 
potential investor should consult its own financial and legal advisers about the risk entailed by an 
investment in any Notes linked to a Relevant Factor and the suitability of such Notes in light of its 
particular circumstances.

--- Page 41 ---
41 
 
Where Notes are issued on a partly paid basis, an investor who fails to pay any subsequent instalment 
of the issue price could lose all of its investment. 
The Issuer may issue Notes where the issue price is payable in more than one instalment. Any failure 
by an investor to pay any subsequent instalment of the issue price in respect of his Notes could result 
in such investor losing all of its investment. 
Notes which are issued with variable interest rates or which are structured to include a multiplier or 
other leverage factor are likely to have more volatile market values than more standard securities. 
Notes with variable interest rates can be volatile investments. If they are structured to include multipliers 
or other leverage factors, or caps or floors, or any combination of those features or other similar related 
features, their market values may be even more volatile than those for securities that do not include 
those features. 
Risks related to Notes generally 
Set out below is a description of material risks relating to the Notes generally: 
The conditions of the Notes contain provisions which may permit their modification without the 
consent of all investors. 
The conditions of the Notes contain provisions for calling meetings of Noteholders to consider and vote 
upon matters affecting their interests generally, or to pass resolutions in writing or through the use of 
electronic consents. These provisions permit defined majorities to bind all Noteholders including 
Noteholders who did not attend and vote at the relevant meeting or, as the case may be, did not sign the 
written resolution or give their consent electronically, and including those Noteholders who voted in a 
manner contrary to the majority. 
The value of the Notes could be adversely affected by a change in Italian law or administrative 
practice. 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes are based on Italian law in effect as at the date of this Base 
Prospectus.  
No assurance can be given as to the impact of any possible judicial decision or change to Italian law or 
administrative practice after the date of this Base Prospectus and any such change could materially 
adversely impact the value of any Notes affected by it. 
Investors who hold less than the minimum Specified Denomination may be unable to sell their Notes 
and may be adversely affected if definitive Notes are subsequently required to be issued. 
In relation to any issue of Notes which have denominations consisting of a minimum Specified 
Denomination plus one or more higher integral multiples of another smaller amount, it is possible 
that such Notes may be traded in amounts in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination that 
are not integral multiples of such minimum Specified Denomination. In such a case a holder who, 
as a result of trading such amounts, holds an amount which is less than the minimum Specified 
Denomination in his account with the relevant clearing system would not be able to sell the remainder 
of such holding without first purchasing a principal amount of Notes at or in excess of the minimum 
Specified Denomination such that its holding amounts to a Specified Denomination. Further, a holder 
who, as a result of trading such amounts, holds an amount which is less than the minimum Specified 
Denomination in his account with the relevant clearing system at the relevant time may not receive a 
definitive Note in respect of such holding (should definitive Notes be printed) and would need to

--- Page 42 ---
42 
 
purchase a principal amount of Notes at or in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination such that 
its holding amounts to a Specified Denomination. 
If such Notes in definitive form are issued, holders should be aware that definitive Notes which have a 
denomination that is not an integral multiple of the minimum Specified Denomination may be illiquid 
and difficult to trade. 
In respect of any Notes issued with a specific use of proceeds, such as a ‘Green Bond’ or ‘Social 
Bond’ or ‘Sustainability Bond’, there can be no assurance that such use of proceeds will be suitable 
for the investment criteria of an investor 
If so specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer may issue Notes under the Programme described 
as Green Bonds, Social Bonds and Sustainability Bonds (each as defined in the “Use of Proceeds” 
section of this Base Prospectus) in accordance with the principles set out by the International Capital 
Market Association (ICMA) (respectively, the Green Bond Principles (GBP), the Social Bond 
Principles (SBP) and the Sustainability Bond Guidelines (SBG)). 
In such a case, prospective investors should have regard to the information set out at "Reasons for the 
Offer" in the applicable Final Terms and must determine for themselves the relevance of such 
information for the purpose of any investment in the Notes together with any other investigation such 
investors deem necessary, and must assess the suitability of that investment in light of their own 
circumstances. In particular, no assurance is given by the Issuer, the Arranger or the Dealers that the 
use of such proceeds for the funding of any green project or social project or sustainable project, as the 
case may be, will satisfy, whether in whole or in part, any present or future investor expectations or 
requirements as regards any investment criteria or guidelines with which such investor or its 
investments are required to comply, whether by any present or future applicable law, regulations or 
standards (including, amongst others, Regulation (EU) 2020/852 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 18 June 2020 on the establishment of a framework to facilitate sustainable investment (the 
EU Taxonomy Regulation) or any standards resulting from the proposal for a European green bond 
standard (EUGBS) adopted by the European Commission on 6 July 2021).  
Furthermore, it should be noted that there is currently no clearly established definition (legal, regulatory 
or otherwise) of, nor market consensus as to what constitutes, respectively "green" or a "social" or a 
"sustainable" project or as to what precise attributes are required for a particular project to be defined 
as "green" or "social" or "sustainable" or such other equivalent label. The EU Taxonomy Regulation 
has been recently enacted and is subject to further development by way of implementation by the 
European Commission through delegated regulations of technical screening criteria for the 
environmental objectives set out in the EU Taxonomy Regulation (the EU Sustainable Finance 
Taxonomy Delegated Acts). A first delegated act on sustainable activities for climate change 
adaptation and mitigation objectives was approved in principle on 21 April 2021, and formally adopted 
on 4 June 2021 for scrutiny by the co-legislators. A second delegated act for the remaining objectives 
will be published in 2022. On 6 July 2021, a delegated act supplementing Article 8 of the EU Taxonomy 
Regulation was adopted by the Commission for scrutiny by the co-legislators. This delegated act 
specifies the content, methodology and presentation of information to be disclosed by financial and 
non-financial undertakings concerning the proportion of environmentally sustainable economic 
activities in their business, investments or lending activities.  
Even if a definition or market consensus as to what constitutes, a “green” or “sustainable” or an 
equivalently-labelled project or as to what precise attributes are required for a particular project to be 
defined as “green” or “sustainable” or such other equivalent label, should develop or be established, no 
assurance is or can be given to investors that any green or social or sustainable project, as the case may 
be, towards which proceeds of the Notes are to be applied will meet any or all investor expectations 
regarding such "green" or "social" or "sustainable"(or other equivalently labelled) performance 
objectives (including those set out under the EU Taxonomy Regulation and the EU Sustainable Finance

--- Page 43 ---
43 
 
Taxonomy Delegated Acts) or that any adverse social, green, sustainable and/or other impacts will not 
occur during the implementation of any green or social or sustainable project. Moreover, in light of the 
continuing development of legal, regulatory and market conventions in the green, sustainable and 
positive social impact markets, there is a risk that the legal frameworks and/or definitions may (or may 
not) be modified to adapt any update that may be made to the ICMA’s GBP and/or the ICMA’s SBP 
and/or the ICMA’s SBG and/or the EU framework standard. Such changes may have a negative impact 
on the market value and the liquidity of any Green Bond, Social Bond or Sustainability Bond issued 
prior to their implementation. 
Furthermore, it should be noted that in connection with the issue of Green Bonds, Social Bonds and 
Sustainability Bonds, the Issuer may request a sustainability rating agency or sustainability consulting 
firm to issue a second-party opinion confirming that the relevant green and/or social and/or sustainable 
project, as the case may be have been defined in accordance with the broad categorisation of eligibility 
for green, social and sustainable projects set out in the GBP, the SBP and the SBG and/or a second-
party opinion regarding the suitability of the Notes as an investment in connection with certain 
environmental, sustainability or social projects (any such second-party opinion, a Second-party 
Opinion). A Second-party Opinion may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to the 
structure, market, additional risk factors discussed above and other factors that may affect the value of 
the Notes or the projects financed or refinanced toward an amount corresponding the net proceeds of 
the relevant issue of Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds. A Second-party Opinion 
would not constitute a recommendation to buy, sell or hold the relevant Green Bonds or Social Bonds 
or Sustainability Bonds and would only be current as of the date it is released. In addition, no assurance 
or representation is given as to the suitability or reliability for any purpose whatsoever of any Second-
party Opinion, which may or may not be made available in connection with the issue of any Green 
Bond, Social Bond or Sustainability Bond and in particular with any eligible projects to fulfil any 
environmental, social, sustainability and/or other criteria. Any such Second-party Opinion is not, nor 
shall be deemed to be, incorporated in and/or form part of this Base Prospectus.  
A withdrawal of the Second-party Opinion may affect the value of such Green Bonds, Social Bonds or 
Sustainability Bonds and/or may have consequences for certain investors with portfolio mandates to 
invest in green or social or sustainable assets. The withdrawal of any report, assessment, opinion or 
certification as described above, or any such Second-party Opinion attesting that the Issuer is not 
complying in whole or in part with any matters for which such Second-party Opinion is reporting, 
assessing, opining or certifying on, and/or any such Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds 
no longer being listed or admitted to trading on any stock exchange or securities market, as aforesaid, 
may have a material adverse effect on the value of Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds 
and/or result in adverse consequences for certain investors with portfolio mandates to invest in securities 
to be used for a particular purpose. 
In the event that any Green Bond, Social Bond or Sustainability Bond are listed or admitted to trading 
on any dedicated “green”, “environmental”, “social” or “sustainable” or other equivalently labelled 
segment of any stock exchange or securities market (whether or not regulated), no representation or 
assurance is given by the Issuer, the Arranger, the Dealers or any other person that such listing or 
admission satisfies, whether in whole or in part, any present or future investor expectations or 
requirements as regards any investment criteria or guidelines with which such investor or its 
investments are required to comply. Furthermore, the criteria for any such listings or admission to 
trading may vary from one stock exchange or securities market to another. 
While it is the intention of the Issuer to apply an amount equivalent to the proceeds of Social Bonds, 
Green Bonds or Sustainability Bonds in, or substantially in, the manner described in the applicable Final 
Terms, there can be no assurance that the green, social or sustainable projects (either resulting from the 
original application of the proceeds of the Notes or a subsequent reallocation of such proceeds), as the 
case may be, will be capable of being implemented in or substantially in such manner and/or in

--- Page 44 ---
44 
 
accordance with any timing schedule and that accordingly the proceeds of the relevant Green Bonds, 
Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds will be totally or partially disbursed for such projects. Nor can 
there be any assurance that (i) such green, social or sustainable projects will be completed within any 
specified period or at all, (ii) with the results or outcome as originally expected or anticipated by the 
Issuer or (iii) the originally designated green project or social project or sustainable project (or any 
project(s) resulting from any subsequent reallocation of some or all of the proceeds of the relevant 
Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds) will not be the potentially or actual disqualified as 
such. Any such event or failure by the Issuer (including to comply with its reporting obligations or to 
obtain any assessment, opinion or certification, including the Second-party Opinion in relation to Green 
Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds), any actual or potential maturity mismatch between the 
green, social or sustainable asset(s) towards which proceeds of the Notes may have been applied and 
the relevant Notes or if any other risk(s) set out or contemplated by this risk factor with respect to Green 
Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds are realised, such occurrence will not, with respect to any 
Notes (including for the avoidance of doubt, any Senior Notes, Non-Preferred Senior Notes, or 
Subordinated Notes), (i) give rise to any claim of a Noteholder against the Issuer; (ii) constitute an event 
of default under the relevant Notes; (iii) lead to an obligation of the Issuer to redeem such Notes or be 
a relevant factor for the Issuer in determining whether or not to exercise any optional redemption rights 
in respect of any Notes; (iv) affect the qualification of such Notes as Senior Notes, Non-Preferred Senior 
Notes, Subordinated Notes or as eligible liabilities instruments or impact any of the features of such 
Notes, including (without limitation, as applicable) features relating to ranking, permanence, loss 
absorption and/or flexibility of payments (as applicable); or (v) prevent the applicability of the Bail-in 
Power (or any other provision of the Relevant Regulations). Neither the proceeds of any Green Bonds, 
Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds nor any amount equal to such proceeds or asset financed with 
such proceeds will be segregated by the Issuer from its capital and other assets. For the avoidance of 
doubt, payments of principal and interest and the operation of any other features (as the case may be) 
on the relevant Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds shall not depend on the performance 
of the relevant project nor have any preferred or any other right against the green, social or sustainable 
assets towards which proceeds of the Notes are to be applied. 
Any such event or failure to apply the proceeds of the issue of the Notes for any green, social or 
sustainable projects as aforesaid may have a material adverse effect on the value of the Notes and/or 
result in adverse consequences for, amongst others, investors with portfolio mandates to invest in 
securities to be used for a particular purpose. 
In addition, Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds may also qualify as own funds or 
eligible liabilities. The fact that Notes which qualify as own funds or eligible liabilities (which may 
include, for the avoidance of doubt, Senior Notes, Non-Preferred Senior Notes and Subordinated Notes) 
are also Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds shall not impact (i) any of the features of 
such Notes, including (without limitation, as applicable) features relating to ranking, permanence, loss 
absorption and/or flexibility of payments or enhance the performance of the relevant Notes in any way, 
(ii) the availability of the Notes (or the proceeds thereof) to absorb all losses (whether or not related to 
any green, social or sustainable assets towards which proceeds of the relevant Notes may have been 
applied or, if relevant, reallocated) in accordance with their terms (if applicable) or the Regulatory 
Capital Requirements, (iii) the relevant CRR eligibility criteria applicable to the qualification of the 
relevant Notes as own funds or eligible liabilities (as appropriate) or applicability of the relevant BRRD 
requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities or (iv) the risks related to the qualification of such 
Notes as own funds or eligible liabilities (as appropriate). Among the risks applicable to the Issuer’s 
Notes, the Issuer’s Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds may be subject to mandatory 
write-down or conversion to equity in the event a resolution procedure is initiated in respect of the 
Banca Mediolanum Group (including the Issuer) and, with respect to Green Bonds, Social Bonds or 
Sustainability Bonds qualifying as “Tier 2 capital”, even before the commencement of any such 
procedure if certain conditions are met, in which cases the fact that such Notes are designated as Green

--- Page 45 ---
45 
 
Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds does not provide their holders with any priority compared 
to other Notes, nor is their level of subordination affected by such designation. 
No-gross up on withholding tax  
The Notes may be subject to withholding taxes in circumstances where the Issuer is not obliged to make 
gross up payments and this would result in holders receiving less interest than expected and could 
significantly adversely affect their return on the Notes. 
Risk relating to the governing law of the Notes  
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes are governed by Italian law and Condition 15 (Governing Law 
and Submission to Jurisdiction) provides that contractual and non-contractual obligations arising out or 
in connection with them are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, Italian Law, 
pursuant to EU and Italian private international law provisions as applicable from time to time. Article 
59 of Law No. 218 of 31 May 1995 (the Italian Private International Law) provides that “other debt 
securities” (titoli di credito) are governed by the law of the State in which the security was issued”. The 
Temporary Global Notes or the Permanent Global Notes, whether issued in CGN or NGN form, as the 
case may be, representing the Italian Law Notes are signed by the Issuer in the United Kingdom and 
are, thereafter, delivered to Citibank, N.A., London Branch as Principal Paying Agent, being the entity 
in charge of, inter alia, completing, authenticating and delivering the Temporary Global Note and 
Permanent Global Notes and (if required) authenticating and delivering Definitive Notes. 
The Issuer cannot foresee the effect of any potential misalignment between the laws applicable to the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes and the laws applicable to their transfer and circulation for any 
prospective investors in the Notes and any disputes which may arise in relation to, inter alia, the transfer 
of ownership in the Notes on the basis of the above-mentioned provisions of Italian Private International 
Law and the relevant applicable European legislation.  
The regulation and reform of “benchmarks” may adversely affect the value of Floating Rate Notes 
or Reset Notes linked to or referencing such “benchmarks” 
Interest rates and indices which are deemed to be “benchmarks” (including the Euro Interbank Offered 
Rate (EURIBOR)) are the subject of recent national and international regulatory guidance and 
proposals for reform. Some of these reforms are already effective whilst others are still to be 
implemented. These reforms may cause such benchmarks to perform differently than in the past, to 
disappear entirely, or have other consequences which cannot be predicted. Any such consequence could 
have a material adverse effect on any Notes linked to or referencing such a benchmark. 
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (the EU Benchmarks Regulation) applies, subject to certain transitional 
provisions, to the provision of "benchmarks", the contribution of input data to a "benchmark" and the 
use of a "benchmark" within the EU and it, among other things, (i) requires benchmark administrators 
to be authorised or registered (or, if non-EU-based, to be subject to an equivalent regime or otherwise 
recognised or endorsed) and (ii) prevents certain uses by EU supervised entities (such as the Issuer) of 
"benchmarks" of administrators that are not authorised or registered (or, if non-EU based, not deemed 
equivalent or recognised or endorsed). Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the EUWA (the UK Benchmarks Regulation) among other things, applies to the provision 
of benchmarks and the use of a benchmark in the UK. Similarly, it prohibits the use in the UK by UK 
supervised entities of benchmarks of administrators that are not authorised by the Financial Conduct 
Authority (FCA) or registered on the FCA register (or, if non-UK based, not deemed equivalent or 
recognised or endorsed). 
The EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable, could have a 
material impact on any Notes linked to or referencing a rate or index deemed to be a benchmark,

--- Page 46 ---
46 
 
including, without limitation, any Floating Rate Notes linked to or referencing EURIBOR or any Reset 
Notes referencing the relevant swap rate for swap transactions in the Specified Currency (as specified 
in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement with respect to the relevant Reset Notes), in 
particular, if the methodology or other terms of the benchmark are changed in order to comply with the 
requirements of the EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable. 
Such changes could, among other things, have the effect of reducing, increasing or otherwise affecting 
the volatility of the published rate or level of the relevant benchmark. 
More broadly, any of the international or national reforms, or the general increased regulatory scrutiny 
of benchmarks, could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the 
setting of a benchmark and complying with any such regulations or requirements. The euro risk free-
rate working group for the euro area has also published a set of guiding principles and high level 
recommendations for fallback provisions in, amongst other things, new euro denominated cash products 
(including bonds) referencing EURIBOR. The guiding principles indicate, among other things, that 
continuing to reference EURIBOR in relevant contracts (without robust fallback provisions) may 
increase the risk to the euro area financial system. On 11 May 2021, the euro risk-free rate working 
group published its recommendations on EURIBOR fallback trigger events and fallback rates.  
Furthermore, in order to address systemic risk, on 2 February 2021 the Council of the European Union 
approved the final text of the Regulation (EU) 2021/168 amending the Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 as 
regards the exemption of certain third-country spot foreign exchange benchmarks and the designation 
of replacements for certain benchmarks in cessation, and amending Regulation (EU) No 648/2012. The 
new framework delegates the Commission to designate a replacement for benchmarks qualified as 
critical under the Regulation 2016/2011, where the cessation or wind-down of such a benchmark might 
significantly disrupt the functioning of financial markets within the European Union. In particular, the 
designation of a replacement for a benchmark should apply to any contract and any financial instrument 
as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU that is subject to the law of a Member State. In addition, with respect 
to supervised entities, Regulation (EU) 2021/168 extends the transitional period for the use of third-
country benchmarks until 2023 and the Commission may further extend this period until 2025 by a 
delegated act to be passed before 15 July 2023. On 10 February 2021 the Council of the European Union 
adopted the Regulation (EU) 2021/168 that was published in the Official Journal on 12 February 2021 
and entered into force on the following day.  
Such factors may have (without limitation) the following effects on certain benchmarks: (i) 
discouraging market participants from continuing to administer or contribute to a benchmark, (ii) 
triggering changes in the rules or methodologies used in the benchmarks, and/or (iii) leading to the 
disappearance of the benchmark.  
Any of the above changes or any other consequential changes as a result of international or national 
reforms or other initiatives or investigations, could have a material adverse effect on the value of and 
return on any such Notes linked to, referencing, or otherwise dependent (in whole or in part) upon, a 
benchmark.  
Investors should be aware that, if EURIBOR were discontinued or otherwise unavailable, the rate of 
interest on Floating Rate Notes or Reset Notes which reference such benchmark will be determined for 
the relevant period by the fallback provisions applicable to such Notes. Depending on the manner in 
which the relevant EURIBOR rate is to be determined under the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, 
this may (i) if ISDA Determination applies, be reliant upon the provision by reference banks of offered 
quotations for the relevant EURIBOR rate which, depending on market circumstances, may not be 
available at the relevant time or (ii) if Screen Rate Determination applies, result in the effective 
application of a fixed rate based on the rate which applied in the previous period when the relevant 
EURIBOR was available. Any of the foregoing could have an adverse effect on the value or liquidity 
of, and return on, any Floating Rate Notes or Reset Notes which reference the relevant EURIBOR.

--- Page 47 ---
47 
 
The “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” provide for certain fallback arrangements in the event that a 
published benchmark (including any page on which such benchmark may be published (or any 
successor service)) becomes unavailable, including the possibility that the rate of interest could be set 
by reference to a Successor Rate or an Alternative Rate determined by an Independent Adviser in 
consultation with the Issuer or failing that, by the Issuer, and that such Successor Rate or Alternative 
Rate may be adjusted (if required) in order to reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable 
in the circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as applicable) to investors arising out of the 
replacement of the relevant benchmark. In certain circumstances the ultimate fallback of interest for a 
particular Interest Period or Reset Period (as applicable) may result in the rate of interest for the last 
preceding Interest Period or Reset Period (as applicable) being used. This may result in the effective 
application of a fixed rate for Floating Rate Notes or Reset Notes (as applicable) based on the rate which 
was last observed on the Relevant Screen Page. In addition, due to the uncertainty concerning the 
availability of Successor Rates and Alternative Rates and the involvement of an Independent Adviser, 
the relevant fallback provisions may not operate as intended at the relevant time. If the Independent 
Adviser or, as applicable, the Issuer determines that amendments to the “Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes” and the Agency Agreement are necessary to ensure the proper operation of any Successor Rate 
or Alternative Rate and/or Adjustment Spread or to comply with any applicable regulation or guidelines 
on the use of benchmarks or other related document issued by the competent regulatory authority, then 
such amendments shall be made without any requirement for the consent or approval of Noteholders, 
as provided by Condition 3.4 (Benchmark Discontinuation). 
Any such consequences could have an adverse effect on the value of and return on any such Notes. 
Moreover, any of the above matters or any other significant change to the setting or existence of any 
relevant reference rate could affect the ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations under the Floating 
Rate Notes or Reset Notes or could have a material adverse effect on the value or liquidity of, and the 
amount payable under, the Floating Rate Notes or Reset Notes. Investors should consider these matters 
with their own independent advisers when making their investment decision with respect to any Floating 
Rate Notes or Reset Notes linked to or referencing a benchmark. 
Risks related to the market generally 
Set out below is a description of material market risks, including liquidity risk, exchange rate risk, 
interest rate risk and credit risk: 
An active secondary market in respect of the Notes may never be established or may be illiquid and 
this would adversely affect the value at which an investor could sell its Notes. 
Notes may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop. If a market for 
the Notes does develop, it may not be very liquid and may be sensitive to changes in financial markets. 
Therefore, investors may not be able to sell their Notes easily or at prices that will provide them with a 
yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed secondary market. This is particularly 
the case should the Issuer be in financial distress, which may result in any sale of the Notes having to 
be at a substantial discount to their principal amount or for Notes that are especially sensitive to interest 
rate, currency or market risks, are designed for specific investment objectives or strategies or have been 
structured to meet the investment requirements of limited categories of investors. These types of Notes 
generally would have a more limited secondary market and more price volatility than conventional debt 
securities. 
If an investor holds Notes which are not denominated in the investor's home currency, it will be 
exposed to movements in exchange rates adversely affecting the value of its holding. In addition, the

--- Page 48 ---
48 
 
imposition of exchange controls in relation to any Notes could result in an investor not receiving 
payments on those Notes. 
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes in the Specified Currency. This presents certain 
risks relating to currency conversions if an investor's financial activities are denominated principally in 
a currency or currency unit (the Investor's Currency) other than the Specified Currency. These include 
the risk that exchange rates may significantly change (including changes due to devaluation of the 
Specified Currency or revaluation of the Investor's Currency) and the risk that authorities with 
jurisdiction over the Investor's Currency may impose or modify exchange controls. An appreciation in 
the value of the Investor's Currency relative to the Specified Currency would decrease (1) the Investor's 
Currency-equivalent yield on the Notes, (2) the Investor's Currency equivalent value of the principal 
payable on the Notes and (3) the Investor's Currency equivalent market value of the Notes. 
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls 
that could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate or the ability of the Issuer to make payments in 
respect of the Notes. As a result, investors may receive less interest or principal than expected, or no 
interest or principal. 
The value of Fixed Rate Notes may be adversely affected by movements in market interest rates. 
Investment in Fixed Rate Notes involves the risk that if market interest rates subsequently increase 
above the rate paid on the Fixed Rate Notes, this will adversely affect the value of the Fixed Rate Notes. 
Credit ratings assigned to the Issuer or any Notes may not reflect all the risks associated with an 
investment in those Notes.  
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Issuer or the Notes. The 
ratings may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market, additional factors 
discussed above, and other factors that may affect the value of the Notes. The expected ratings of the 
Notes are set out in the relevant Final Terms for each Tranche of Notes. Whether or not a rating in 
relation to any Notes will be treated as having been issued or endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established in the European Union or in the UK and registered under the CRA Regulation will be 
disclosed in the relevant Final Terms.  
Any rating agency may lower its rating or withdraw its rating if, in the sole judgment of the rating 
agency, the credit quality of the Notes has declined or is in question. If any rating assigned to the Notes 
is suspended, lowered or withdrawn for any reason, no person or entity is obliged to provide any 
additional support or credit enhancement with respect to the Notes. As a result, the market value of the 
Notes may reduce.  
Any ratings may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market, additional 
factors discussed above, and other factors that may affect the value of the Notes. A credit rating is not 
a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be revised, suspended or withdrawn by the 
rating agency at any time.  
In general, European regulated investors are restricted under the CRA Regulation from using credit 
ratings for regulatory purposes in the EEA, unless such ratings are issued by a credit rating agency 
established in the EEA and registered under the CRA Regulation (and such registration has not been 
withdrawn or suspended, subject to transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances). Such 
general restriction will also apply in the case of credit ratings issued by third country non-EEA credit 
rating agencies, unless the relevant credit ratings are endorsed by an EEA-registered credit rating agency 
or the relevant third country registered rating agency is certified in accordance with the CRA Regulation 
(and such endorsement action or certification, as the case may be, has not been withdrawn or suspended, 
subject to transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances).

--- Page 49 ---
49 
 
The list of registered and certified rating agencies published by the European Securities and Markets 
Authority (ESMA) on its website in accordance with the CRA Regulation is not conclusive evidence 
of the status of the relevant rating agency included in such list, as there may be delays between certain 
supervisory measures being taken against a relevant rating agency and the publication of the updated 
ESMA list.  
Investors regulated in the UK are subject to similar restrictions under the UK CRA Regulation. As such, 
UK regulated investors are required to use for UK regulatory purposes ratings issued by a credit rating 
agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation. In the case of ratings issued 
by third country non-UK credit rating agencies, third country credit ratings can either be: (a) endorsed 
by a UK registered credit rating agency; or (b) issued by a third country credit rating agency that is 
certified in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation. Note this is subject, in each case, to (a) the 
relevant UK registration, certification or endorsement, as the case may be, not having been withdrawn 
or suspended, and (b) transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances. In the case of third 
country ratings, for a certain limited period of time, transitional relief accommodates continued use for 
regulatory purposes in the UK, of existing pre-2021 ratings, provided the relevant conditions are 
satisfied. 
If the status of the rating agency rating the Notes changes for the purposes of the CRA Regulation or 
the UK CRA Regulation, relevant regulated investors may no longer be able to use the rating for 
regulatory purposes in the EEA or the UK, as applicable, and the Notes may have a different regulatory 
treatment, which may impact the value of the Notes and their liquidity in the secondary market. Certain 
information with respect to the credit rating agencies and ratings is set out on the cover of this Base 
Prospectus.

--- Page 50 ---
50 
 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The following documents which have previously been published shall be incorporated by reference in, 
and form part of, this Base Prospectus: 
(a) 
the English translation of the audited consolidated financial statements for the financial year 
ended on 31 December 2021 of the Issuer including the information set out at the following 
pages in particular: 
 
 
Consolidated Statement of Financial Position 
Pages 82-83 
Consolidated Income Statement 
Page 84 
Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income 
Page 85 
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Shareholders’ 
Equity 
Pages 87 
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows 
Pages 88-89 
Notes to the Financial Statements 
Pages 90-302 
Independent auditor’s report  
Pages 309-3141 
The document is available at the following link: https://www.bancamediolanum.it/static-
assets/documents/comunicazioni/2022/RelazioneFinanziariaBM_31122021_ENG.pdf.  
(b) 
the English translation of the audited consolidated financial statements for the financial year 
ended on 31 December 2020 of the Issuer including the information set out at the following 
pages in particular: 
 
 
 
Consolidated Statement of Financial Position 
Pages 90-91 
Consolidated Income Statement 
Page 92 
Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income 
Page 93 
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Shareholders’ 
Equity 
Pages 95 
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows 
Pages 96-97 
Notes to the Financial Statements 
Pages 98-309 
Independent auditor’s report  
Pages 316-3222 
The document is available at the following link: https://www.bancamediolanum.it/static-
assets/documents/comunicazioni/2021/Relazione_Finanziaria_Annuale_2020_ENG.pdf.  
(c) 
the English translation of the unaudited condensed consolidated interim financial statements as 
at and for the six months ended on 30 June 2021 of the Issuer including the information set out 
at the following pages in particular:  
 
                                                     
1 Please note that these pages refer to the PDF pages of the document. 
2 Please note that these pages refer to the PDF pages of the document.

--- Page 51 ---
51 
 
Consolidated highlights 
Pages 5-17 
Consolidated Statement of Financial Position 
Pages 70-71 
Consolidated Income Statement 
Page 72 
Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income 
Page 73 
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Shareholders’ 
Equity 
Pages 75 
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows  
Pages 76 
Notes to the Financial Statements 
Pages 77-165 
Declaration of the Financial Reporting Officer 
Pages 166-167 
Review report on condensed consolidated half-year 
financial statements 
Page 171 
The document is available at the following link:  
https://www.bancamediolanum.it/static-
assets/documents/comunicazioni/2021/Relazione_Finanziaria_Semestrale_30062021_BM_E
NG.pdf.  
(d) 
the English translation of the unaudited condensed consolidated interim financial statements as 
at and for the six months ended on 30 June 2022 of the Issuer including the information set out 
at the following pages in particular:  
 
Consolidated highlights at of Financial Position 
Pages 6-17 
Consolidated Statement of Financial Position 
Pages 70-71 
Consolidated Income Statement 
Page 72 
Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income 
Page 73 
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Shareholders’ 
Equity 
Pages 74-75 
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flow  
Pages 76-77 
Notes to the Financial Statements 
Pages 79-164 
Declaration of the Financial Reporting Officer 
Pages 166 
Review report on condensed consolidated half-year 
financial statements 
Page 170 
The document is available at the following link:  
https://www.bancamediolanum.it/static-assets/documents/comunicazioni/2022/HALF-
YEAR_FINANCIAL_REPORT_AT_30_JUNE_2022.pdf. 
The information contained in the documents that is not included in the cross-reference are either not 
relevant for the investors or covered elsewhere in the Prospectus. 
Following the publication of this Base Prospectus a supplement may be prepared by the Issuer and 
approved by the CSSF in accordance with Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. Statements 
contained in any such supplement (or contained in any document incorporated by reference therein)

--- Page 52 ---
52 
 
shall, to the extent applicable, be deemed to modify or supersede statements contained in this Base 
Prospectus or in a document which is incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. Any statement 
so modified or superseded shall not, except as so modified or superseded, constitute a part of this Base 
Prospectus. 
Any websites save for those listed as documents incorporated by reference above, included in the Base 
Prospectus are for information purposes only and do not form part of the Base Prospectus, except where 
that information has been incorporated by reference into this Prospectus. Other than the information 
incorporated by reference, the content of these websites has not been scrutinised or approved by the 
competent authority. 
The Issuer will, in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy 
relating to information included in this Base Prospectus which is capable of affecting the assessment of 
any Notes, prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus or publish a new Base Prospectus for use in 
connection with any subsequent issue of Notes.

--- Page 53 ---
53 
 
FORM OF THE NOTES 
Any reference in this section to "Form of Final Terms" shall be deemed to include a reference to 
"Applicable Pricing Supplement" where relevant. 
Each Tranche of Notes will be in bearer form and will initially be issued in the form of a temporary 
global note (a Temporary Global Note) or, if so specified in the form of Final Terms, a permanent 
global note (a Permanent Global Note and, together with a Temporary Global Note, each a Global 
Note) which, in either case, will: 
(a) 
if the Global Notes are intended to be issued in new global note (NGN) form, as stated in the 
form of Final Terms, be delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the Tranche to a 
common safekeeper (the Common Safekeeper) for Euroclear Bank SA/NV (Euroclear) and 
Clearstream Banking S.A. (Clearstream, Luxembourg); and 
(b) 
if the Global Notes are not intended to be issued in NGN Form, be delivered on or prior to the 
original issue date of the Tranche to a common depositary (the Common Depositary) for 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Where the Global Notes issued in respect of any Tranche are in NGN form, the form of Final Terms 
will also indicate whether such Global Notes are intended to be held in a manner which would allow 
Eurosystem eligibility. Any indication that the Global Notes are to be so held does not necessarily mean 
that the Notes of the relevant Tranche will be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary 
policy and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any times during their 
life as such recognition depends upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria. The Common 
Safekeeper for NGNs will either be Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or another entity approved 
by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Whilst any Note is represented by a Temporary Global Note, payments of principal, interest (if any) 
and any other amount payable in respect of the Notes due prior to the Exchange Date (as defined below) 
will be made (against presentation of the Temporary Global Note if the Temporary Global Note is not 
intended to be issued in NGN form) only to the extent that certification (in a form to be provided) to 
the effect that the beneficial owners of interests in the Temporary Global Note are not U.S. persons or 
persons who have purchased for resale to any U.S. person, as required by U.S. Treasury regulations, 
has been received by Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as applicable, has given a like certification (based on the certifications it has received) to 
the Principal Paying Agent. 
On and after the date (the Exchange Date) which is 40 days after a Temporary Global Note is issued, 
interests in such Temporary Global Note will be exchangeable (free of charge) upon a request as 
described therein either for (i) interests in a Permanent Global Note of the same Series or (ii) for 
definitive Notes of the same Series with, where applicable, receipts, interest coupons and talons attached 
(as indicated in the form of Final Terms), in each case against certification of beneficial ownership as 
described above unless such certification has already been given. The holder of a Temporary Global 
Note will not be entitled to collect any payment of interest, principal or other amount due on or after 
the Exchange Date unless, upon due certification, exchange of the Temporary Global Note for an 
interest in a Permanent Global Note or for definitive Notes is improperly withheld or refused. 
Payments of principal, interest (if any) or any other amounts on a Permanent Global Note will be made 
through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (against presentation or surrender (as the case may 
be) of the Permanent Global Note if the Permanent Global Note is not intended to be issued in NGN 
form) without any requirement for certification.

--- Page 54 ---
54 
 
The form of Final Terms will specify that a Permanent Global Note will be exchangeable (free of 
charge), in whole but not in part, for definitive Notes with, where applicable, receipts, interest coupons 
and talons attached upon the occurrence of an Exchange Event. For these purposes, Exchange Event 
means that (i) an Event of Default (as defined in Condition 8 (Events of Default and Enforcement)) has 
occurred and is continuing, (ii) the Issuer has been notified that both Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg have been closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of 
holiday, statutory or otherwise) or have announced an intention permanently to cease business or have 
in fact done so and no successor clearing system is available or (iii) the Issuer has or will become subject 
to adverse tax consequences which would not be suffered were the Notes represented by the Permanent 
Global Note in definitive form. The Issuer will promptly give notice to Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 12 (Notices) if an Exchange Event occurs. In the event of the occurrence of an Exchange 
Event, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (acting on the instructions of any holder of an 
interest in such Permanent Global Note) may give notice to the Principal Paying Agent requesting 
exchange and, in the event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event as described in (iii) above, the Issuer 
may also give notice to the Principal Paying Agent requesting exchange. Any such exchange shall occur 
not later than 45 days after the date of receipt of the first relevant notice by the Principal Paying Agent. 
The following legend will appear on all Notes (other than Temporary Global Notes), receipts and 
interest coupons relating to such Notes where TEFRA D is specified in the form of Final Terms: 
"ANY UNITED STATES PERSON WHO HOLDS THIS OBLIGATION WILL BE SUBJECT TO 
LIMITATIONS UNDER THE UNITED STATES INCOME TAX LAWS, INCLUDING THE 
LIMITATIONS PROVIDED IN SECTIONS 165(j) AND 1287(a) OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE 
CODE." 
The sections referred to provide that United States holders, with certain exceptions, will not be entitled 
to deduct any loss on Notes, receipts or interest coupons and will not be entitled to capital gains 
treatment in respect of any gain on any sale, disposition, redemption or payment of principal in respect 
of Notes, receipts or interest coupons. 
Notes which are represented by a Global Note will only be transferable in accordance with the rules 
and procedures for the time being of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be. 
General 
Pursuant to the Agency Agreement  (as defined under "Terms and Conditions of the Notes"), the 
Principal Paying Agent shall arrange that, where a further Tranche of Notes is issued which is intended 
to form a single Series with an existing Tranche of Notes at a point after the Issue Date of the further 
Tranche, the Notes of such further Tranche shall be assigned a common code and ISIN which are 
different from the common code and ISIN assigned to Notes of any other Tranche of the same Series 
until such time as the Tranches are consolidated and form a single Series, which shall not be prior to 
the expiry of the distribution compliance period (as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act) 
applicable to the Notes of such Tranche. 
Any reference herein to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, whenever the context so 
permits, be deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system specified in 
the form of Final Terms.

--- Page 55 ---
55 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
NOTES WITH A DENOMINATION OF €100,000 (OR ITS EQUIVALENT IN ANY OTHER 
CURRENCY) OR MORE, OTHER THAN EXEMPT NOTES 
Set out below is the form of Final Terms which will be completed for each Tranche of Notes issued 
under the Programme which are not Exempt Notes and which have a denomination of €100,000 (or its 
equivalent in any other currency) or more. 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS - The Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available 
to any retail investor in the European Economic Area (EEA). For these purposes, a retail investor means 
a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 
2014/65/EU (as amended, MiFID II); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 
(the Insurance Distribution Directive), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client 
as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the 
Prospectus Regulation. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 
1286/2014 (as amended, the PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making 
them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the 
Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the 
PRIIPs Regulation.]3  
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS - The Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available 
to any retail investor in the United Kingdom (UK). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person 
who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 
2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
(EUWA); (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets 
Act 2000, as amended (the FSMA) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement 
Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in 
point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of 
the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document 
required by the PRIIPs Regulation as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the UK 
PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail 
investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making 
them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.]
4 
MIFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for 
the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible 
counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, 
MiFID II)][MiFID II]; and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and 
professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market]. Any person subsequently 
offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a distributor) should take into consideration the 
manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible 
                                                     
3 Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if the Notes potentially constitute "packaged" products and no key information document 
will be prepared in the EEA or the issuer wishes to prohibit offers to EEA retail investors for any other reason, in which case the selling 
restriction should be specified to be "Applicable". 
4 Legend to be included on the front of the Final Terms if the Notes potentially constitute “packaged” products and no key information 
document will be prepared in the UK or the issuer wishes to prohibit offers to UK retail investors for any other reason, in which case the 
selling restriction should be specified to be “Applicable”.

--- Page 56 ---
56 
 
for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining 
the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
[UK MIFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely 
for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible 
counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (COBS), and 
professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (UK MiFIR); and (ii) all channels for distribution 
of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative 
target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a distributor) 
should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor 
subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the UK 
MiFIR Product Governance Rules) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment 
in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) 
and determining appropriate distribution channels.]  
 [Date] 
BANCA MEDIOLANUM S.p.A. 
Legal entity identifier (LEI): 7LVZJ6XRIE7VNZ4UBX81 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
under the €1,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
PART A –  CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes (the Conditions) set forth in the Base Prospectus dated 13 September 2022 [and the 
supplement[s] to it dated [date] [and [date]] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the 
purposes of the Prospectus Regulation (the Base Prospectus). This document constitutes the Final 
Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in 
conjunction with the Base Prospectus in order to obtain all the relevant information. The Base 
Prospectus has been published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu).]  
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable". Note that the numbering 
should remain as set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs or 
subparagraphs (in which case the sub-paragraphs of the paragraphs which are not applicable can be 
deleted). Italics denote directions for completing the Final Terms.]  
[If the Notes have a maturity of less than one year from the date of their issue, the minimum 
denomination may need to be £100,000 or its equivalent in any other currency.]  
1. 
(a) 
Series Number: 
[    ] 
(b) 
Tranche Number: 
[    ] 
(c) 
Date on which the Notes will be 
consolidated and form a single 
Series: 
The Notes will be consolidated and form a single 
Series with [ Provide issue amount/ISIN/maturity 
date/issue date of earlier Tranches] on [the Issue 
Date/the date that is 40 days after the Issue 
Date/exchange of the Temporary Global Note for

--- Page 57 ---
57 
 
interests in the Permanent Global Note, as 
referred to in paragraph [ ] below, which is 
expected to occur on or about [date]][Not 
Applicable]  
2. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[    ] 
3. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
 
(a) 
Series: 
[    ] 
(b) 
Tranche: 
[    ] 
4. 
Issue Price: 
[    ] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount 
[plus accrued interest from [insert date] (if 
applicable)] 
5. 
(a) 
Specified Denominations: 
[    ] 
(N.B. Senior Notes must have a minimum 
denomination of €100,000 (or equivalent). In the 
case of Non-Preferred Senior Notes, Notes must 
have a minimum denomination of €150,000 (or 
equivalent). In the case of Subordinated Notes, 
Notes must have a minimum denomination of 
€200,000 (or equivalent)). 
(Note – where multiple denominations above 
[€100,000] or equivalent are being used the 
following sample wording should be followed: 
"[€100,000] and integral multiples of [€1,000] 
in excess thereof up to and including [€199,000]. 
No Notes in definitive form will be issued with a 
denomination above [€199,000].")  
(Note – where multiple denominations above 
[€150,000] or equivalent are being used the 
following sample wording should be followed: 
"[€150,000] and integral multiples of [€1,000] 
in excess thereof up to and including [€299,000]. 
No Notes in definitive form will be issued with a 
denomination above [€299,000].") 
(Note – where multiple denominations above 
[€200,000] or equivalent are being used the 
following sample wording should be followed: 
"[€200,000] and integral multiples of [€1,000] 
in excess thereof up to and including [€399,000]. 
No Notes in definitive form will be issued with a 
denomination above [€399,000].")

--- Page 58 ---
58 
 
(b) 
Calculation Amount (in relation 
to calculation of interest in global 
form see Conditions): 
[    ] 
(If only one Specified Denomination, insert the 
Specified Denomination. If more than one 
Specified Denomination, insert the highest 
common factor. Note: There must be a common 
factor in the case of two or more Specified 
Denominations.) 
6. 
(a) 
Issue Date: 
[    ] 
(b) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[specify/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
(N.B. An Interest Commencement Date will not 
be relevant for certain Notes, for example Zero 
Coupon Notes.) 
7. 
Maturity Date: 
Specify date or for Floating Rate Notes – Interest 
Payment Date falling in or nearest to [specify 
month and year] 
(Unless otherwise permitted by current laws, 
regulations, directives and/or requirements 
applicable to the issue of Notes by the Issuer, 
Non-Preferred Senior Notes must have a 
maturity of not less than twelve months and 
Subordinated Notes must have a minimum 
maturity of five years).  
8. 
Interest Basis: 
[[    ] per cent. Fixed Rate] [subject to interest rate 
step-up as specified in subparagraph 13(g) 
below][ subject to interest rate step-down as 
specified in subparagraph 13(g) below] 
[[ ] per cent. to be reset on [ ] [and [ ]] and every 
[ ] anniversary thereafter] 
[[[    ] month EURIBOR] +/- [    ] per cent. 
Floating Rate] [subject to interest rate step-up as 
specified in subparagraph 15(m) below][ subject 
to interest rate step-down as specified in 
subparagraph 15(m) below] 
[Zero coupon] 
(see paragraph [13]/[14]/[15]/[16] below) 
9. 
Redemption[/Payment] Basis: 
[Subject to any purchase and cancellation or 
early redemption, the Notes will be redeemed on 
the Maturity Date at [    ] per cent. of their

--- Page 59 ---
59 
 
nominal amount5]/[[] in case of Zero coupon 
Notes]] 
10. 
Change of Interest Basis: 
[Specify the date when any fixed to floating rate 
or vice versa change occurs or cross refer to 
paragraphs 13 and 15 below and identify there] 
[Not Applicable] 
11. 
Put/Call Options: 
[Issuer Call]  
[Regulatory Call]  
(N.B. Only relevant in the case of Subordinated 
Notes) 
[Issuer Call due to MREL Disqualification 
Event] 
(N.B. Only relevant in the case of Senior Notes 
or Non-Preferred Senior Notes) 
[Investor Put] 
(N.B. Only relevant in the case of Senior Notes 
or Non-Preferred Senior Notes) 
[(see paragraph [19]/[20]/[22] below)] 
[Not Applicable] 
12. 
(a) 
Status of the Notes: 
[Senior/Non-Preferred 
Senior/Subordinated] 
Notes 
(b) 
[Date 
[Board] 
approval 
for 
issuance of Notes obtained: 
[    ] [and [    ], respectively] 
(N.B. Only relevant where Board (or similar) 
authorisation is required for the particular 
tranche of Notes) 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
13. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Rate(s) of Interest: 
[    ] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on each 
Interest Payment Date 
[For interest step-up/step-down Notes: [ ]% per 
annum commencing on (and including) the 
Interest Commencement Date until (but not 
including) [date] 
[ ]% per annum commencing on (and including) 
[date] until (but not including) [date] 
                                                     
5 Redemption shall occur at at least 100% of the par value

--- Page 60 ---
60 
 
[ ]% per annum commencing on (and including) 
[date] until (but not including) the Maturity 
Date]] 
(b) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[    ] in each year up to and including the Maturity 
Date 
(Amend appropriately in the case of irregular 
coupons)  
(c) 
Fixed Coupon Amount(s) for 
Notes in definitive form (and in 
relation to Notes in global form 
see Conditions): 
[    ] per Calculation Amount[, payable on the 
Interest Payment Date falling [in/on] [    ]][Not 
Applicable] 
(d) 
Broken Amount(s) for Notes in 
definitive form (and in relation to 
Notes 
in 
global 
form 
see 
Conditions): 
[[    ] per Calculation Amount, payable on the 
Interest Payment Date falling [in/on] [    ]][Not 
Applicable] 
(e) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360] [Actual/Actual (ICMA)]  
(f) 
Determination Date(s): 
[[    ] in each year][Not Applicable] 
(Only relevant where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual (ICMA). In such a case, insert 
regular interest payment dates, ignoring issue 
date or maturity date in the case of a long or 
short first or last coupon) 
(g) 
[Interest 
Rate 
Step-up/Step-
down: 
[Applicable for further details see paragraph 
13(a) above /Not Applicable] 
14. 
Reset Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(a) 
Initial Rate of Interest: 
[ ] per cent. per annum payable in arrear [on each 
Interest Payment Date] 
(b) 
First Margin: 
[+/-][ ] per cent. per annum 
(c) 
Subsequent Margin: 
[[+/-][ ] per cent. per annum] [Not Applicable] 
(d) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[ ] [and [ ]] in each year up to and including the 
Maturity Date [until and excluding [  ]] 
(e) 
Fixed Coupon Amount up to (but 
excluding) the First Reset Date: 
[[ ] per Calculation Amount][Not Applicable] 
(f) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[[ ] per Calculation Amount payable on the 
Interest Payment Date falling [in/on] [ ]][Not 
Applicable] 
(g) 
First Reset Date: 
[ ]

--- Page 61 ---
61 
 
(h) 
Second Reset Date: 
[ ]/[Not Applicable] 
(i) 
Subsequent Reset Date(s): 
[ ] [and [ ]] 
(j) 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
(k) 
Mid-Swap Rate: 
[Single Mid-Swap Rate/Mean Mid-Swap Rate] 
(l) 
Mid-Swap Maturity 
[ ] 
(m) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual / Actual/Actual (ISDA)] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
[Actual/360] 
[30/360/360/360/Bond Basis] 
[30E/360/Eurobond Basis] 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
[Actual/Actual ICMA] 
(n) 
Reset 
Reference 
Rate 
Conversion: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(o) 
Original Reset Reference Rate 
Payment Basis: 
[Annual/Semi-annual/Quarterly/Monthly/Not 
Applicable] 
(p) 
Determination Dates: 
[ ] in each year 
(q) 
Business Centre(s): 
[ ] 
(r) 
Calculation Agent: 
[ ] 
15. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Specified 
Period(s)/Specified 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[    ] [, subject to adjustment in accordance with 
the Business Day Convention set out in (b) 
below/, not subject to adjustment, as the Business 
Day Convention in (b) below is specified to be 
Not Applicable]  
(b) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business 
Day Convention/Modified Following Business 
Day Convention/ Preceding Business Day 
Convention][Not Applicable]  
(c) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[    ] 
(d) 
Manner in which the Rate of 
Interest and Interest Amount is to 
be determined: 
[Screen 
Rate 
Determination/ISDA 
Determination]

--- Page 62 ---
62 
 
(e) 
Party responsible for calculating 
the Rate of Interest and Interest 
Amount (if not the Agent): 
[    ] (the Calculation Agent) 
(f) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable delete the remaining items of 
this subparagraph) 
• 
Reference Rate: 
[•] month EURIBOR 
• 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[•] 
(Second day on which the TARGET2 System is 
open prior to the start of each Interest Period) 
• 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[ ]  
(If not Reuters EURIBOR01 ensure it is a page 
which shows a composite rate or amend the 
fallback provisions appropriately) 
(g) 
ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining items of 
this subparagraph) 
[(If applicable, and “2021 ISDA Definitions” is 
selected below, note that “Benchmark Event”, 
“Fallbacks” and “Calculation Agent Alternative 
Rate determination” are not workable in a notes 
context. Amendments will therefore need to be 
made to the Conditions which will require a 
drawdown prospectus for the issue)]  
• 
ISDA Definitions: 
[2006 
ISDA 
Definitions]/[2021 
ISDA 
Definitions] 
• 
Floating Rate Option: 
[    ] 
(If “2021 ISDA Definitions” is selected, ensure 
this is a Floating Rate Option included in the 
Floating Rate Matrix (as defined in the 2021 
ISDA Definitions )) 
• 
Designated Maturity: 
[    ]/[Not Applicable]  
(A Designated Maturity period is not relevant 
where the relevant Floating Rate Option is a 
risk-free rate) 
• 
Reset Date: 
[    ]

--- Page 63 ---
63 
 
(In the case of a EURIBOR based option, the first 
day of the interest period)  
(h) 
Linear Interpolation: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable - the Rate of interest 
for the [long/short] [first/last] Interest Period 
shall be calculated using Linear Interpolation 
(specify for each short or long interest period)]  
(i) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-] [    ] per cent. per annum 
[For interest step-up/step-down Notes: [ ]% per 
annum commencing on (and including) the 
Interest Commencement Date until (but not 
including) [date] 
[ ]% per annum commencing on (and including) 
[date] until (but not including) [date] 
[ ]% per annum commencing on (and including) 
[date] until (but not including) the Maturity Date] 
(j) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[    ] per cent. per annum 
(k) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[    ] per cent. per annum 
(l) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)][Actual/Actual] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
[Actual/360] 
[30/360][360/360][Bond Basis] 
[30E/360][Eurobond Basis] 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
(m) 
[Interest 
Rate 
Step-up/Step-
down: 
[Applicable for further details see paragraph 
15(i) above /Not Applicable] 
16. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Accrual Yield: 
[    ] per cent. per annum 
(b) 
Reference Price: 
[    ] 
(c) 
Day Count Fraction in relation to 
Early Redemption Amounts: 
[30/360] 
[Actual/360] 
[Actual/365]  
17. 
Change of Interest Basis Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)

--- Page 64 ---
64 
 
(To be completed in addition to paragraphs 13 
and 15 (as appropriate) if any fixed to floating or 
fixed reset rate change occurs) 
− 
Switch Option: 
[Applicable – [specify details of the change(s) in 
Interest Basis and the relevant Interest Periods 
to which the change(s) in Interest Basis 
applies]/[Not Applicable] 
(The Issuer must give notice of the exercise of the 
Switch Option to Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 12 (Notices) on or prior to the relevant 
Switch Option Expiry Date) 
− 
Switch Option Expiry Date: 
[       ] 
− 
Switch Option Effective Date: 
[       ] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
18. 
Notice 
periods 
for 
Condition 
5.2 
(Redemption for tax reasons): 
Minimum period: [30] days 
Maximum period: [60] days 
19. 
Issuer Call: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[    ] 
(b) 
Optional Redemption Amount: 
[[    ] per Calculation Amount][Make-whole 
Amount] 
[Set out appropriate variable details in this pro 
forma, for example reference obligation]  
(c) 
Reference Bond: 
[Insert applicable Reference Bond/FA Selected 
Bond] 
(d) 
Quotation Time: 
[11.00 a.m. [London/specify other] time] 
(e) 
Redemption Margin: 
[[ ] per cent./Not Applicable] 
(f) 
If redeemable in part: 
 
− 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[    ] 
− 
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[    ] 
(g) 
Notice periods: 
Minimum period: [15] days 
Maximum period: [30] days

--- Page 65 ---
65 
 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is 
advised to consider the practicalities of 
distribution 
of 
information 
through 
intermediaries, for example, clearing systems 
(which require a minimum of 5 clearing system 
business days' notice for a call) and custodians, 
as well as any other notice requirements which 
may apply, for example, as between the Issuer 
and the Agent) 
20. 
Regulatory Call: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph.) 
(N.B. Only relevant in the case of Subordinated 
Notes) 
(a) 
Early 
Redemption 
Amount 
payable 
on 
redemption 
for 
regulatory reasons (in the case of 
Subordinated Notes only and 
subject to the prior approval of 
the 
relevant 
Competent 
Authority, as applicable, and in 
accordance with applicable laws 
and 
regulations, 
including 
Articles 77(b) and 78 of the CRR) 
as contemplated by Condition 5.3 
(Redemption 
for 
regulatory 
reasons (Regulatory Call)) and/or 
the method of calculating the 
same (if required or if different 
from that set out in Condition 5.7 
(Early Redemption Amounts):  
[[ ] per Calculation Amount/as set out in 
Condition 5.7 (Early Redemption Amounts)] 
21. 
Issuer Call due to MREL Disqualification 
Event: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]  
(Only relevant in the case of Senior Notes or 
Non-Preferred Senior Notes) 
(a) 
Early Redemption Amount: 
[[   ] per Calculation Amount/as set out in 
Condition 5.7 (Early Redemption Amounts)] 
22. 
Investor Put: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[    ] 
(b) 
Optional Redemption Amount: 
[    ] per Calculation Amount

--- Page 66 ---
66 
 
(NB: If the Optional Redemption Amount is other 
than a specified amount per Calculation Amount, 
the Notes will need to be Exempt Notes) 
(c) 
Notice periods: 
Minimum period: [15] days 
Maximum period: [30] days 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is 
advised to consider the practicalities of 
distribution 
of 
information 
through 
intermediaries, for example, clearing systems 
(which require a minimum of 15 clearing system 
business days' notice for a put) and custodians, 
as well as any other notice requirements which 
may apply, for example, as between the Issuer 
and the Agent) 
23. 
Final Redemption Amount: 
[    ] per Calculation Amount 
24. 
Early Redemption Amount payable on 
redemption for taxation reasons or on 
event of default: 
[    ] per Calculation Amount 
(N.B. If the Final Redemption Amount is 100 per 
cent. of the nominal value (i.e. par), the Early 
Redemption Amount is likely to be par (but 
consider). If, however, the Final Redemption 
Amount is other than 100 per cent. of the nominal 
value, consideration should be given as to what 
the Early Redemption Amount should be.) 
[See also paragraph 20 (Regulatory Call)] 
(Delete this cross-reference unless the Notes are 
Subordinated Notes and the Regulatory Call is 
applicable) 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
25. 
Form of Notes: 
 
(a) 
[Form:]  
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a 
Permanent Global Note which is exchangeable 
for Definitive Notes upon an Exchange Event] 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes on and after the Exchange Date] 
[Permanent Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes upon an Exchange Event] 
[Notes shall not be physically delivered in 
Belgium, except to a clearing system, a 
depository or other institution for the purpose of

--- Page 67 ---
67 
 
their immobilisation in accordance with article 4 
of the Belgian Law of 14 December 20056] 
(N.B. The option for an issue of Notes to be 
represented on issue by a Temporary Global 
Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes should 
not be expressed to be applicable if the Specified 
Denomination of the Notes in paragraph 5 
includes language substantially to the following 
effect: "[€100,000] and integral multiples of 
[€1,000] in excess thereof up to and including 
[€199,000]." .) 
(b) 
[New Global Note: 
[Yes][No]]  
26. 
Additional Financial Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
(Note that this paragraph relates to the date of 
payment and not the end dates of Interest Periods 
for the purposes of calculating the amount of 
interest, to which sub-paragraph 15(c) relates) 
27. 
Talons for future Coupons to be attached 
to Definitive Notes: 
[Yes, as the Notes have more than 27 coupon 
payments, Talons may be required if, on 
exchange into definitive form, more than 27 
coupon payments are still to be made/No] 
28. 
Variation of Notes:  
[Not Applicable]/[Applicable] / [Applicable 
[only] [in relation to MREL Disqualification 
Event][and]/[in order to ensure the effectiveness 
and enforceability of Condition 16 (Statutory 
Loss Absorption Powers)] 
(a) 
Notice Period: 
[    ] 
[THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
[[Relevant third party information] has been extracted from [specify source]. The Issuer confirms that 
such information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware and is able to ascertain 
from information published by [specify source], no facts have been omitted which would render the 
reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.] 
 
Signed on behalf of [name of the Issuer]: 
 
By:  .......................................................... 
 
Duly authorised 
 
 
                                                     
6 Include for Notes that are to be offered in Belgium

--- Page 68 ---
68 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
 
1. 
LISTING 
AND 
ADMISSION 
TO 
TRADING 
 
(i) 
Listing and Admission to trading 
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on 
its behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to trading 
on [specify (i) relevant regulated market (for 
example the Bourse de Luxembourg) and also 
any third country market, SME growth market or 
MTF, and (ii) if relevant, listing on an official 
list] with effect from [         ].] 
[Application is expected to be made by the Issuer 
(or on its behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to 
trading on [specify (i) relevant regulated market 
(for example the Bourse de Luxembourg) and 
also any third country market, SME growth 
market or MTF, and (ii) if relevant, listing on an 
official list ] with effect from [         ].]  
(Where documenting a fungible issue need to 
indicate that original Notes are already admitted 
to trading.) 
(ii) 
Estimate of total expenses in 
relation to admission to trading: 
[         ] 
2. 
RATINGS 
 
 
[The Notes to be issued [[have been]/[are 
expected]] to be rated]/[The following ratings 
assigned to the Notes of this type issued under 
the Programme generally:][Not applicable] 
[insert details] by [insert the legal name of the 
relevant credit rating agency entity(ies) and 
associated defined terms].  
[] (Need to include a brief explanation of the 
meaning of the ratings if this has previously been 
published by the rating provider) 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating 
allocated to Notes of the type being issued under 
the Programme generally or, where the issue has 
been specifically rated, that rating.) 
[Each of [defined terms] / [●] is established in the 
European Union and is registered under 
Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 (as amended, the 
CRA Regulation) as set out in the list of credit 
rating agencies registered in accordance with the

--- Page 69 ---
69 
 
CRA Regulation published on the website of the 
European Securities and Markets Authority 
pursuant to the CRA Regulation (for more 
information please visit the European Securities 
and Markets Authority webpage) on its website 
(at 
http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-
registered-and-certified-CRAs) 
/ 
[●] 
is 
established in the UK and is registered under 
Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 as amended, as it 
forms part of domestic law of the United 
Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (as amended from time 
to time, the UK CRA Regulation)] / [have not 
been issued or endorsed by any credit rating 
agency which is established in the European 
Union and registered under Regulation (EC) No 
1060/2009 (as amended, the CRA Regulation) / 
have not been issued or endorsed by any credit 
rating agency which is established in the UK and 
registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 
as amended, as it forms part of domestic law of 
the United Kingdom by virtue of the European 
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (as amended from 
time to time, the UK CRA Regulation)]. 
(Include the relevant wording as applicable 
depending on the relevant rating agency 
assigning a rating to the Notes issued). 
3. 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER AND ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS 
(i) 
Reasons for the offer: 
[General funding purposes of the Banca 
Mediolanum Group] / [The net proceeds from the 
issue of the Notes will be used to finance or 
refinance Eligible Green Assets, Eligible Social 
Assets or Eligible Sustainable Assets (as defined 
in the “Use of Proceeds” section)].  
(If the Notes are denominated “Green Bonds”, 
“Social Bonds” or “Sustainability Bonds” 
describe the relevant Eligible Green Assets, 
Eligible Social Assets or Eligible Sustainable 
Assets to which the net proceeds of the Notes will 
be applied or make reference to the relevant 
bond framework to which the net proceeds of the 
Notes will be applied.) 
(Applicable only in the case of securities to be 
classified as “Green Bonds”. If not applicable, 
delete this paragraph.)  
[Further 
details 
on 
[Eligible 
Green 
Assets]/[Eligible 
Social 
Assets]/[Eligible 
Sustainable Assets] are included in the Green,

--- Page 70 ---
70 
 
Social and Sustainability Bond Framework, that 
will be made available, [together with the Second 
Party Opinion,] on the Issuer’s website at 
https://www.bancamediolanum.it/corporate/inve
stors/fixed-income] 
(See “Use of Proceeds” wording in Base 
Prospectus)” 
(ii) 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[    ] 
4. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE 
[Save for any fees payable to the [Managers/Dealers], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person 
involved in the issue of the Notes has an interest material to the offer.] [The 
[Managers/Dealers] and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in 
investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other 
services for, the Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary course of business - Amend as 
appropriate if there are other interests]  
[(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such 
matters described constitute "significant new factors" and consequently trigger the need for a 
supplement to the Base Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.)] 
5. 
YIELD (Fixed Rate Notes only) 
 
Indication of yield: 
[[∙] 
The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the 
basis of the Issue Price. It is not an indication of 
future yield.]/[Not applicable] 
6. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
(i) 
ISIN: 
[∙] 
(ii) 
Common Code: 
[∙] 
(iii) 
CFI: 
[[See/[[include code], as updated, as set out on] 
the website of the Association of National 
Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively 
sourced 
from 
the 
responsible 
National 
Numbering Agency that assigned the ISIN/Not 
Applicable/Not Available]  
(iv) 
FISN: 
[[See/[[include code], as updated, as set out on] 
the website of the Association of National 
Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively 
sourced 
from 
the 
responsible 
National 
Numbering Agency that assigned the ISIN/Not 
Applicable/Not Available]  
(v) 
Any clearing system(s) other than 
Euroclear 
and 
Clearstream, 
[Not Applicable/give name(s), address(es) and 
number(s)]

--- Page 71 ---
71 
 
Luxembourg and the relevant 
identification number(s): 
(vi) 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
(vii) 
Names 
and 
addresses 
of 
additional Paying Agent(s) (if 
any): 
[         ]/[Not applicable] 
[(viii) Intended to be held in a manner 
which would allow Eurosystem 
eligibility:  
[Yes.  Note that the designation "yes" simply 
means that the Notes are intended upon issue to 
be deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper and does not necessarily mean that the 
Notes will be recognised as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra day credit 
operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue 
or at any or all times during their life.  Such 
recognition will depend upon the ECB being 
satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have 
been met.]/ 
[No.  Whilst the designation is specified as "no" 
at the date of these Final Terms, should the 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria be amended in the 
future such that the Notes are capable of meeting 
them the Notes may then be deposited with one 
of the ICSDs as common safekeeper.  Note that 
this does not necessarily mean that the Notes will 
then be recognised as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra day credit 
operations by the Eurosystem at any time during 
their life.  Such recognition will depend upon the 
ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria have been met.] 
7. 
DISTRIBUTION 
 
(i) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
(ii) 
If 
syndicated, 
names 
of 
Managers: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
(iii) 
Date 
of 
[Subscription] 
Agreement: 
[         ] 
(iv) 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (if any): 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
(v) 
If 
non-syndicated, 
name 
of 
relevant Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
(vi) 
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
[Reg. S Compliance Category 2; TEFRA 
D/TEFRA C/TEFRA not applicable]

--- Page 72 ---
72 
 
(vii) 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA 
Retail Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute "packaged" 
products or the Notes do constitute “packaged” 
products and a key information document will be 
prepared in the EEA, "Not Applicable" should be 
specified. If the Notes may constitute "packaged" 
products and no key information document will 
be prepared, "Applicable" should be specified.) 
(viii) 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute "packaged" 
products, or the Notes do constitute “packaged” 
products and a key information document will be 
prepared in the UK, "Not Applicable" should be 
specified. If the Notes may constitute "packaged" 
products and no key information document will 
be prepared, "Applicable" should be specified.). 
(ix) 
Prohibition of Sales to Belgian 
Consumers: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 73 ---
73 
 
APPLICABLE PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS - The Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available 
to any retail investor in the European Economic Area (EEA). For these purposes, a retail investor means 
a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 
2014/65/EU (as amended, MiFID II); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 
(the Insurance Distribution Directive), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client 
as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the 
Prospectus Regulation. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 
1286/2014 (as amended the PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making 
them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the 
Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the 
PRIIPs Regulation.]7  
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS - The Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available 
to any retail investor in the United Kingdom (UK). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person 
who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 
2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
(EUWA); (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets 
Act 2000, as amended (the FSMA) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement 
Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in 
point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of 
the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document 
required by the PRIIPs Regulation as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the UK 
PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail 
investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making 
them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.]
8 
[MIFID II/UK MIFIR  product governance / target market - [appropriate target market legend to 
be included]] 
EXEMPT NOTES OF ANY DENOMINATION 
Set out below is the form of Pricing Supplement which will be completed for each Tranche of Exempt 
Notes, whatever the denomination of those Notes, issued under the Programme. 
[Date] 
BANCA MEDIOLANUM S.p.A. 
Legal entity identifier (LEI): 7LVZJ6XRIE7VNZ4UBX81 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
under the €1,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
                                                     
7 Legend to be included on front of the Pricing Supplement if the Notes potentially constitute "packaged" products and no key information 
document will be prepared in the EEA or the issuer wishes to prohibit offers to EEA retail investors for any other reason, in which case the 
selling restriction should be specified to be "Applicable". 
8 Legend to be included on the front of the Pricing Supplement if the Notes potentially constitute “packaged” products and no key information 
document will be prepared in the UK or the issuer wishes to prohibit offers to UK retail investors for any other reason, in which case the 
selling restriction should be specified to be “Applicable”.

--- Page 74 ---
74 
 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
[Any person making or intending to make an offer of the Notes may only do so in circumstances in 
which no obligation arises for the Issuer or any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to either of 
Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or section 85 of the FSMA or to supplement a prospectus 
pursuant to either of Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation or Article 23 of the UK Prospectus 
Regulation, in each case, in relation to such offer.]9 
[This document constitutes the Pricing Supplement for the Notes described herein. This document must 
be read in conjunction with the base prospectus dated 13 September 2022 [and the supplement[s] to it 
dated [date] [and [date]] (the Base Prospectus). Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the 
Notes is only available on the basis of the combination of this Pricing Supplement and the Base 
Prospectus. Copies of the Base Prospectus will be published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange (www.bourse.lu). 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes (the Conditions) set forth in the Base Prospectus [dated 13 September 2022 [and the 
supplement[s] dated [date] [and [date]]] which are incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus].] 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable". Note that the numbering 
should remain as set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs or 
subparagraphs. Italics denote directions for completing the Pricing Supplement.] 
[If the Notes have a maturity of less than one year from the date of their issue, the minimum 
denomination [must/may need to] be £100,000 or its equivalent in any other currency.]  
1. 
(a) 
Series Number: 
[    ] 
(b) 
Tranche Number: 
[    ] 
(c) 
Date on which the Notes will be 
consolidated and form a single 
Series: 
The Notes will be consolidated and form a single 
Series with [identify earlier Tranches] on [the 
Issue Date/the date that is 40 days after the Issue 
Date/exchange of the Temporary Global Note for 
interests in the Permanent Global Note, as 
referred to in paragraph [ ] below, which is 
expected to occur on or about [date]][Not 
Applicable]  
2. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[    ] 
3. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
 
(a) 
Series: 
[    ] 
(b) 
Tranche: 
[    ] 
4. 
Issue Price: 
[    ] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount 
[plus accrued interest from [insert date] (if 
applicable)] 
                                                     
9 Include relevant legend wording here for the [EEA][and][UK] if the "Prohibition of Sales" legend and related selling restriction for that 
regime are not included/not specified to be "Applicable" (because the Notes do not constitute "packaged" products, or a key information 
document will be prepared, under that regime).

--- Page 75 ---
75 
 
5. 
(a) 
Specified Denominations: 
[    ] 
(N.B. Senior Notes must have a minimum 
denomination of €100,000 (or equivalent). In the 
case of Non-Preferred Senior Notes, Notes must 
have a minimum denomination of €150,000 (or 
equivalent). In the case of Subordinated Notes, 
Notes must have a minimum denomination of 
€200,000 (or equivalent)). 
(b) 
Calculation Amount (in relation 
to calculation of interest in global 
form see Conditions): 
[    ] 
(If only one Specified Denomination, insert the 
Specified Denomination. If more than one 
Specified Denomination, insert the highest 
common factor. Note: There must be a common 
factor in the case of two or more Specified 
Denominations.)  
6. 
(a) 
Issue Date: 
[    ] 
(b) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[specify/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
(N.B. An Interest Commencement Date will not 
be relevant for certain Notes, for example Zero 
Coupon Notes.) 
7. 
Maturity Date: 
[Specify date or for  
Floating Rate Notes - Interest Payment Date 
falling in or nearest to [specify month and year]] 
(Unless otherwise permitted by current laws, 
regulations, directives and/or requirements 
applicable to the issue of Notes by the Issuer, 
Non-Preferred Senior Notes must have a 
maturity of not less than twelve months and 
Subordinated Notes must have a minimum 
maturity of five years). 
8. 
Interest Basis: 
[[    ] per cent. Fixed Rate] [Subject to interest 
rate step-up as specified in subparagraph 13(g) 
below] [Subject to interest rate step-down as 
specified in subparagraph 13(g) below] 
[[ ] per cent. to be reset on [ ] [and [ ] and every [ 
] anniversary thereafter] 
[[specify Reference Rate] +/- [    ] per cent. 
Floating Rate] [Subject to interest rate step-up as 
specified in subparagraph 15(m) below] [Subject 
to interest rate step-down as specified in 
subparagraph 15(m) below] 
[Zero Coupon]

--- Page 76 ---
76 
 
[Index Linked Interest] 
[Dual Currency Interest] 
[specify other] 
(further particulars specified below) 
9. 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
[Redemption at par] 
[Index Linked Redemption] 
[Dual Currency Redemption] 
[Partly Paid] 
[Instalment] 
[specify other] 
10. 
Change 
of 
Interest 
Basis 
or 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
[Specify the date when any fixed to floating rate 
change occurs or cross refer to paragraphs 13 
and 15 below and identify there][Not Applicable] 
11. 
Put/Call Options: 
[Issuer Call]  
[Regulatory Call] 
[Issuer Call due to MREL Disqualification 
Event] 
(N.B. Only relevant in the case of Senior Notes 
or Non-Preferred Senior Notes)  
[Investor Put] 
(N.B. Only relevant in the case of Senior Notes 
or Non-Preferred Senior Notes) 
[(further particulars specified below)] 
12. 
(a) 
Status of the Notes: 
[Senior/ Non-Preferred Senior/Subordinated] 
Notes 
(b) 
[Date 
[Board] 
approval 
for 
issuance of Notes obtained: 
[    ] [and [    ], respectively] 
(N.B. Only relevant where Board (or similar) 
authorisation is required for the particular 
tranche of Notes) 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
13. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Rate(s) of Interest: 
[    ] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on each 
Interest Payment Date 
[For interest step-up/step-down Notes: [ ]% per 
annum commencing on (and including) the 
Interest Commencement Date until (but not 
including) [date]

--- Page 77 ---
77 
 
[ ]% per annum commencing on (and including) 
[date] until (but not including) [date] 
[ ]% per annum commencing on (and including) 
[date] until (but not including) the Maturity 
Date]] 
(b) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[    ] in each year up to and including the Maturity 
Date 
(Amend appropriately in the case of irregular 
coupons) 
(c) 
Fixed Coupon Amount(s) for 
Notes in definitive form (and in 
relation to Notes in global form 
see Conditions): 
[    ] per Calculation Amount[, payable on the 
Interest Payment Date falling [in/on] [    ]][Not 
Applicable] 
(d) 
Broken Amount(s) for Notes in 
definitive form (and in relation to 
Notes 
in 
global 
form 
see 
Conditions): 
[[    ] per Calculation Amount, payable on the 
Interest Payment Date falling [in/on] [    ]][Not 
Applicable] 
(e) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360/Actual/Actual (ICMA)/specify other] 
(f) 
[Determination Date(s): 
[[    ] in each year][Not Applicable] 
(Only relevant where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual (ICMA). In such a case, insert 
regular interest payment dates, ignoring issue 
date or maturity date in the case of a long or 
short first or last coupon] 
(g) 
[Rate of Interest Step-up/Step-
down: 
[Applicable for further details see paragraph 
13(a) above/Not Applicable] 
(h) 
Other terms relating to the 
method of calculating interest for 
Fixed Rate Notes which are 
Exempt Notes: 
[None/Give details] 
14. 
Reset Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(a) 
Initial Rate of Interest: 
[ ] per cent. per annum payable in arrear [on each 
Interest Payment Date] 
(b) 
First Margin: 
[+/-][ ] per cent. per annum 
(c) 
Subsequent Margin: 
[[+/-][ ] per cent. per annum] [Not Applicable] 
(d) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[ ] [and [ ]] in each year up to and including the 
Maturity Date [until and excluding [  ]]

--- Page 78 ---
78 
 
(e) 
Fixed Coupon Amount up to (but 
excluding) the First Reset Date: 
[[ ] per Calculation Amount][Not Applicable] 
(f) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[[ ] per Calculation Amount payable on the 
Interest Payment Date falling [in/on] [ ]][Not 
Applicable] 
(g) 
First Reset Date: 
[ ] 
(h) 
Second Reset Date: 
[ ]/[Not Applicable] 
(i) 
Subsequent Reset Date(s): 
[ ] [and [ ]] 
(j) 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
(k) 
Mid-Swap Rate: 
[Single Mid-Swap Rate/Mean Mid-Swap Rate] 
(l) 
Mid-Swap Maturity 
[ ] 
(m) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual / Actual/Actual (ISDA)] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
[Actual/360] 
[30/360/360/360/Bond Basis] 
[30E/360/Eurobond Basis] 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
[Actual/Actual ICMA] 
(n) 
Reset 
Reference 
Rate 
Conversion: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(o) 
Original Reset Reference Rate 
Payment Basis: 
[Annual/Semi-annual/Quarterly/Monthly/Not 
Applicable] 
(p) 
Determination Dates: 
[ ] in each year 
(q) 
Business Centre(s): 
[ ] 
(r) 
Calculation Agent: 
[ ] 
15. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Specified 
Period(s)/Specified 
Interest Payment Dates 
[    ][, subject to adjustment in accordance with 
the Business Day Convention set out in (b) 
below/, not subject to any adjustment, as the 
Business Day Convention in (b) below is 
specified to be Not Applicable]  
(b) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business 
Day Convention/Modified Following Business

--- Page 79 ---
79 
 
Day Convention/ Preceding Business Day 
Convention/[specify other]] [Not Applicable]  
(c) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[    ] 
(d) 
Manner in which the Rate of 
Interest and Interest Amount is to 
be determined: 
[Screen 
Rate 
Determination/ISDA 
Determination/specify other] 
(e) 
Party responsible for calculating 
the Rate of Interest and Interest 
Amount (if not the Agent): 
[    ] (the Calculation Agent) 
(f) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining items of 
this subparagraph) 
• 
Reference Rate: 
[] month EURIBOR 
• 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[] 
(Second day on which the Target2 System is open 
prior to the start of each Interest Period) 
• 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[ ]] 
(If not Reuters EURIBOR01 ensure it is a page 
which shows a composite rate or amend the 
fallback provisions appropriately) 
(g) 
ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining items of 
this subparagraph) 
[(If applicable, and “2021 ISDA Definitions” is 
selected below, note that “Benchmark Event”, 
“Fallbacks” and “Calculation Agent Alternative 
Rate determination” are not workable in a notes 
context. Amendments will therefore need to be 
made to the Conditions which will require a 
drawdown prospectus for the issue)] 
• 
ISDA Definitions: 
[2006 
ISDA 
Definitions]/[2021 
ISDA 
Definitions] 
 
• 
Floating Rate Option: 
[    ] 
(If “2021 ISDA Definitions” is selected, ensure 
this is a Floating Rate Option included in the

--- Page 80 ---
80 
 
Floating Rate Matrix (as defined in the 2021 
ISDA Definitions)) 
• 
Designated Maturity: 
[    ]/[Not Applicable] 
(A Designated Maturity period is not relevant 
where the relevant Floating Rate Option is a 
risk-free rate) 
• 
Reset Date: 
[    ] 
(In the case of a EURIBOR based option, the first 
day of the interest period) – 
(h) 
Linear Interpolation: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable – the Rate of Interest 
for the [long/short] [first/last] Interest Period 
shall be calculated using Linear Interpolation 
(specify for each short or long interest period)]  
(i) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-] [    ] per cent. per annum 
[For interest step-up/step-down Notes: [ ]% per 
annum commencing on (and including) the 
Interest Commencement Date until (but not 
including) [date] 
[ ]% per annum commencing on (and including) 
[date] until (but not including) [date] 
[ ]% per annum commencing on (and including) 
[date] until (but not including) the Maturity 
Date]] 
(j) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[    ] per cent. per annum 
(k) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[    ] per cent. per annum 
(l) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)][Actual/Actual] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
[Actual/360] 
[30/360][360/360][Bond Basis] 
[30E/360][Eurobond Basis] 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
[Other] 
(m) 
[Interest 
Rate 
Step-up/Step-
down: 
[Applicable for further details see paragraph 
15(i) above /Not Applicable] 
(n) 
Fallback provisions, rounding 
provisions and any other terms 
relating 
to 
the 
method 
of 
calculating interest on Floating 
Rate Notes which are Exempt 
[         ]

--- Page 81 ---
81 
 
Notes, if different from those set 
out in the Conditions: 
16. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Accrual Yield: 
[    ] per cent. per annum 
(b) 
Reference Price: 
[    ] 
(c) 
Any 
other 
formula/basis 
of 
determining amount payable for 
Zero Coupon Notes which are 
Exempt Notes: 
[    ] 
(d) 
Day Count Fraction in relation to 
Early Redemption Amounts: 
[30/360] 
[Actual/360] 
[Actual/365]  
17. 
Index Linked Interest Note 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Index/Formula: 
[give or annex details] 
(b) 
Calculation Agent 
[give name] 
(c) 
Party responsible for calculating 
the Rate of Interest (if not the 
Calculation Agent) and Interest 
Amount (if not the Agent): 
[    ] 
(d) 
Provisions 
for 
determining 
Coupon where calculation by 
reference 
to 
Index 
and/or 
Formula 
is 
impossible 
or 
impracticable: 
[need to include a description of market 
disruption or settlement disruption events and 
adjustment provisions] 
(e) 
Specified 
Period(s)/Specified 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[    ] 
(f) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business 
Day Convention/Modified Following Business 
Day Convention/ Preceding Business Day 
Convention/specify other] 
(g) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[    ] 
(h) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[    ] per cent. per annum 
(i) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[    ] per cent. per annum 
(j) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[    ]

--- Page 82 ---
82 
 
18. 
Dual Currency Interest Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Rate of Exchange/method of 
calculating Rate of Exchange: 
[give or annex details] 
(b) 
Party, if any, responsible for 
calculating the principal and/or 
interest due (if not the Agent): 
[    ] (the Calculation Agent) 
(c) 
Provisions 
applicable 
where 
calculation by reference to Rate 
of 
Exchange 
impossible 
or 
impracticable: 
[need to include a description of market 
disruption or settlement disruption events and 
adjustment provisions] 
(d) 
Person at whose option Specified 
Currency(ies) is/are payable: 
[    ] 
19. 
Change of Interest Basis Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(To be completed in addition to paragraphs 13 
and 15 (as appropriate) if any fixed to floating or 
fixed reset rate change occurs) 
− 
Switch Option: 
[Applicable – [specify details of the change(s) in 
Interest Basis and the relevant Interest Periods 
to which the change(s) in Interest Basis 
applies]/[Not Applicable] 
(The Issuer must give notice of the exercise of the 
Switch Option to Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 12 (Notices) on or prior to the relevant 
Switch Option Expiry Date) 
− 
Switch Option Expiry Date: 
[       ] 
− 
Switch Option Effective Date: 
[       ] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
20. 
Notice 
periods 
for 
Condition 
5.2 
(Redemption for tax reasons) : 
Minimum period: [30] days 
Maximum period: [60] days 
21. 
Issuer Call: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph)

--- Page 83 ---
83 
 
(a) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[    ] 
(b) 
Optional Redemption Amount 
and method, if any, of calculation 
of such amount(s): 
[[    ] per Calculation Amount/[Make-whole 
Amount/] specify other/see Appendix]  
(c) 
Reference Bond: 
[Insert applicable Reference Bond/FA Selected 
Bond] 
(d) 
Quotation Time: 
[11.00 a.m. [London/specify other] time] 
(e) 
Redemption Margin: 
[[ ] per cent./Not Applicable] 
(f) 
If redeemable in part: 
 
− 
Minimum Redemption Amount: 
[    ] 
− 
Maximum Redemption Amount: 
[    ] 
(g) 
Notice periods: 
Minimum period: [15] days 
Maximum period: [30] days 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is 
advised to consider the practicalities of 
distribution 
of 
information 
through 
intermediaries, for example, clearing systems 
(which require a minimum of 5 clearing system 
business days' notice for a call) and custodians, 
as well as any other notice requirements which 
may apply, for example, as between the Issuer 
and the Agent.) 
22. 
Regulatory Call: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph.) 
(N.B. Only relevant in the case of Subordinated 
Notes) 
(a) 
Early 
Redemption 
Amount 
payable 
on 
redemption 
for 
regulatory reasons (in the case of 
Subordinated Notes only and 
subject to the prior approval of the 
relevant Competent Authority, as 
applicable, and in accordance 
with 
applicable 
laws 
and 
regulations, including Articles 
77(b) and 78 of the CRR) as 
contemplated by Condition 5.3 
(Redemption 
for 
regulatory 
[[ ] per Calculation Amount/as set out in 
Condition 5.7 (Early Redemption Amounts)]

--- Page 84 ---
84 
 
reasons (Regulatory Call)) and/or 
the method of calculating the 
same (if required or if different 
from that set out in Condition 5.7 
(Early Redemption Amounts): 
23. 
Issuer Call due to MREL Disqualification 
Event: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]  
(Only relevant in the case of Senior Notes or 
Non-Preferred Senior Notes) 
(a) 
Early Redemption Amount: 
[[   ] per Calculation Amount/as set out in 
Condition 5.7 (Early Redemption Amounts)] 
24. 
Investor Put: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[    ] 
(b) 
Optional Redemption Amount: 
[    ] per Calculation Amount  
(NB: If the Optional Redemption Amount is other 
than a specified amount per Calculation Amount, 
the Notes will need to be Exempt Notes) 
(c) 
Notice periods: 
Minimum period: [15] days 
Maximum period: [30] days 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is 
advised to consider the practicalities of 
distribution 
of 
information 
through 
intermediaries, for example, clearing systems 
(which require a minimum of 15 clearing system 
business days' notice for a put) and custodians, 
as well as any other notice requirements which 
may apply, for example, as between the Issuer 
and the Agent.) 
25. 
Final Redemption Amount: 
[[    ] per Calculation Amount/specify other/see 
Appendix] 
26. 
Early Redemption Amount payable on 
redemption for taxation reasons or on 
event of default and/or the method of 
calculating the same (if required): 
[[    ] per Calculation Amount/specify other/see 
Appendix] 
(N.B. If the Final Redemption Amount is 100 per 
cent. of the nominal value (i.e. par), the Early 
Redemption Amount is likely to be par (but 
consider). If, however, the Final Redemption 
Amount is other than 100 per cent. of the nominal 
value, consideration should be given as to what 
the Early Redemption Amount should be.)

--- Page 85 ---
85 
 
[See also paragraph 22 (Regulatory Call)] 
(Delete this cross-reference unless the Notes are 
Subordinated Notes and the Regulatory Call is 
applicable) 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
27. 
Form of Notes: 
 
(a) 
[Form:]  
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a 
Permanent Global Note which is exchangeable 
for Definitive Notes upon an Exchange Event] 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes on and after the Exchange Date] 
[Permanent Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes upon an Exchange Event]  
[Notes shall not be physically delivered in 
Belgium, except to a clearing system, a 
depository or other institution for the purpose of 
their immobilisation in accordance with article 4 
of the Belgian Law of 14 December 200510] 
(b) 
[New Global Note: 
[Yes][No]]  
28. 
Additional Financial Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
(Note that this paragraph relates to the date of 
payment and not the end dates of Interest Periods 
for the purposes of calculating the amount of 
interest, to which sub-paragraphs 15(c) and 
17(g) relate) 
29. 
Talons for future Coupons to be attached 
to Definitive Notes: 
[Yes, as the Notes have more than 27 coupon 
payments, Talons may be required if, on 
exchange into definitive form, more than 27 
coupon payments are still to be made/No] 
30. 
Details relating to Partly Paid Notes: 
amount of each payment comprising the 
Issue Price and date on which each 
payment is to be made and consequences 
(if any) of failure to pay, including any 
right of the Issuer to forfeit the Notes and 
interest due on late payment. 
[Not Applicable/give details. N.B. A new form of 
Temporary Global Note and/or Permanent 
Global Note may be required for Partly Paid 
issues] 
31. 
Details relating to Instalment Notes: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
                                                     
10 Include for Notes that are to be offered in Belgium

--- Page 86 ---
86 
 
(a) 
Instalment Amount(s): 
[give details] 
(b) 
Instalment Date(s): 
[give details] 
32. 
Other terms or special conditions: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
33. 
Variation of Notes: 
[Not Applicable] / [Applicable] / [Applicable 
[only] [in relation to MREL Disqualification 
Event][and]/[in order to ensure the effectiveness 
and enforceability of Condition 16 (Statutory 
Loss Absorption Powers)] 
(a) 
Notice Period:  
[   ] 
 
RESPONSIBILITY 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Pricing Supplement. [Relevant 
third party information] has been extracted from [specify source]. The Issuer confirms that such 
information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware and is able to ascertain from 
information published by [specify source], no facts have been omitted which would render the 
reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. 
 
Signed on behalf of [name of the Issuer]: 
 
By:  .......................................................... 
 
Duly authorised

--- Page 87 ---
87 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
 
1. 
LISTING 
[Application [has been made/is expected to be 
made] by the Issuer (or on its behalf) for the 
Notes to be listed on [specify market – note this 
must not be an EEA regulated market] with effect 
from [    ].] [Not Applicable] 
2. 
RATINGS 
 
Ratings: 
[The Notes to be issued [[have been]/[are 
expected to be]] rated [insert details] by [insert 
the legal name of the relevant credit rating 
agency entity(ies)].  
(The above disclosure is only required if the 
ratings of the Notes are different to those stated 
in the Base Prospectus)  
3. 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER 
[General funding purposes of the Banca 
Mediolanum Group] / [The net proceeds from the 
issue of the Notes will be used to finance or 
refinance Green Eligible Green Assets or 
Eligible Social Assets or Eligible Sustainable 
Assets (as defined in the “Use of Proceeds” 
section)].  
(If the Notes are denominated “Green Bonds”, 
“Social Bonds” or “Sustainability Bonds” 
describe the relevant Eligible Green Assets, 
Eligible Social Assets or Eligible Sustainable 
Assets to which the net proceeds of the Notes will 
be applied or make reference to the relevant 
bond framework to which the net proceeds of the 
Notes will be applied.) 
(Applicable only in the case of securities to be 
classified as “Green Bonds”. If not applicable, 
delete this paragraph.)  
Further 
details 
on 
[Eligible 
Green 
Assets]/[Eligible 
Social 
Assets]/[Eligible 
Sustainable Assets] are included in the Green, 
Social and Sustainability Bond Framework, that 
will be available, [together with the Second Party 
Opinion,] 
on 
the 
Issuer’s 
website 
at 
https://www.bancamediolanum.it/corporate/inve
stors/fixed-income] 
(See “Use of Proceeds” wording in Base 
Prospectus)”

--- Page 88 ---
88 
 
4. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE 
[Save for any fees payable to the [Managers named below/Dealers], so far as the Issuer is 
aware, no person involved in the issue of the Notes has an interest material to the offer.] [The 
[Managers/Dealers] and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in 
investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other 
services for, the Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary course of business – Amend as 
appropriate if there are other interests]  
5. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
(i) 
ISIN: 
[    ] 
(ii) 
Common Code: 
[    ] 
(iii) 
CFI: 
[[See/[[include code], as updated, as set out on] 
the website of the Association of National 
Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively 
sourced 
from 
the 
responsible 
National 
Numbering Agency that assigned the ISIN/Not 
Applicable/Not Available]  
(iv) 
FISN: 
[[See/[[include code], as updated, as set out on] 
the website of the Association of National 
Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively 
sourced 
from 
the 
responsible 
National 
Numbering Agency that assigned the ISIN/Not 
Applicable/Not Available] 
(v) 
Any clearing system(s) other than 
Euroclear 
and 
Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and the relevant 
identification number(s): 
[Not Applicable/give name(s), address(es) and 
number(s)] 
(vi) 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
(vii) 
Names 
and 
addresses 
of 
additional Paying Agent(s) (if 
any): 
[    ]/[Not applicable] 
(viii) 
[Intended to be held in a manner 
which would allow Eurosystem 
eligibility:  
[Yes. Note that the designation "yes" simply 
means that the Notes are intended upon issue to 
be deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper and does not necessarily mean that the 
Notes will be recognised as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra day credit 
operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue 
or at any or all times during their life. Such 
recognition will depend upon the ECB being 
satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have 
been met.]

--- Page 89 ---
89 
 
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as "no" 
at the date of this Pricing Supplement, should the 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria be amended in the 
future such that the Notes are capable of meeting 
them the Notes may then be deposited with one 
of the ICSDs as common safekeeper. Note that 
this does not necessarily mean that the Notes will 
then be recognised as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra day credit 
operations by the Eurosystem at any time during 
their life. Such recognition will depend upon the 
ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria have been met.]]  
6. 
DISTRIBUTION 
(i) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
(ii) 
If 
syndicated, 
names 
of 
Managers: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
(iii) 
Date 
of 
[Subscription] 
Agreement: 
[         ] 
(iv) 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (if any): 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
(v) 
If 
non-syndicated, 
name 
of 
relevant Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
(vi) 
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
Reg. S Compliance Category 2; [TEFRA 
D/TEFRA C/TEFRA not applicable] 
(vii) 
Additional selling restrictions: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
(Additional selling restrictions are only likely to 
be relevant for certain structured Notes, such as 
commodity-linked Notes) 
(viii) 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA 
Retail Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute "packaged" 
products or the Notes do constitute “packaged” 
products and a key information document will be 
prepared in the EEA, "Not Applicable" should be 
specified. If the Notes may constitute "packaged" 
products and no key information document will 
be prepared, "Applicable" should be specified.) 
(ix) 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute "packaged" 
products, or the Notes do constitute “packaged” 
products and a key information document will be

--- Page 90 ---
90 
 
prepared in the UK, "Not Applicable" should be 
specified. If the Notes may constitute "packaged" 
products and no key information document will 
be prepared, "Applicable" should be specified.) 
(x) 
Prohibition of Sales to Belgian 
Consumers: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 91 ---
91 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following are the Terms and Conditions of the Notes which will be endorsed on each Global Note 
(as defined below) and each definitive note, in the latter case only if permitted by the relevant stock 
exchange or other relevant authority (if any) and agreed by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer at the 
time of issue but, if not so permitted and agreed, such definitive note will have endorsed thereon or 
attached thereto such Terms and Conditions. The applicable Pricing Supplement in relation to any 
Tranche of Exempt Notes may specify other terms and conditions which shall, to the extent so specified 
or to the extent inconsistent with the following Terms and Conditions, replace or modify the following 
terms and conditions for the purpose of such notes. The form of final terms (or the relevant provisions 
thereof) will be endorsed upon, or attached to, each Global Note and definitive note. reference should 
be made to "Form of Final Terms" for a description of the content of Final Terms which will specify 
which of such terms are to apply in relation to the relevant Notes. 
This Note is one of a Series (as defined below) of Notes issued by Banca Mediolanum S.p.A. (the 
Issuer) pursuant to the Agency Agreement (as defined below). 
References herein to the Notes shall be references to the Notes of this Series and shall mean: 
(a) 
in relation to any Notes represented by a global Note (a Global Note), units of each Specified 
Denomination in the Specified Currency; 
(b) 
any Global Note; and 
(c) 
any definitive Notes in bearer form (Bearer Notes) issued in exchange for a Global Note in 
bearer form. 
The Notes, the Receipts (as defined below) and the Coupons (as defined below) have the benefit of an 
Agency Agreement (such Agency Agreement as amended and/or supplemented and/or restated from 
time to time, the Agency Agreement) dated 13 September 2022 and made between the Issuer, Citibank 
N.A., London Branch as issuing and principal paying agent (the Principal Paying Agent, which 
expression shall include any successor principal paying agent) and the other paying agents named 
therein (together with the Principal Paying Agent, the Paying Agents, which expression shall include 
any additional or successor paying agents). The Principal Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent (if any 
is specified in the applicable Final Terms) and the Paying Agents, together referred to as the Agents. 
The final terms for this Note (or the relevant provisions thereof) are set out in Part A of the Final Terms 
attached to or endorsed on this Note which complete these Terms and Conditions (the Conditions) or, 
if this Note is a Note which is neither admitted to trading on (i) a regulated market in the European 
Economic Area or (ii) a UK regulated market as defined in Regulation (EU) No. 600/2014 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018, nor offered in (i) the 
European Economic Area or (ii) the United Kingdom in circumstances where a prospectus is required 
to be published under the Prospectus Regulation or the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as the 
case may be (an Exempt Note), the final terms (or the relevant provisions thereof) are set out in Part A 
of the Pricing Supplement and may specify other terms and conditions which shall, to the extent so 
specified or to the extent inconsistent with the Conditions, replace or modify the Conditions for the 
purposes of this Note. References to the form of Final Terms are, unless otherwise stated, to Part A of 
the Final Terms (or the relevant provisions thereof) attached to or endorsed on this Note. Any reference 
in the Conditions to form of Final Terms shall be deemed to include a reference to applicable Pricing 
Supplement where relevant. The expression Prospectus Regulation means Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129.  
Interest bearing definitive Notes have interest coupons (Coupons) and, in the case of Notes which, 
when issued in definitive form, have more than 27 interest payments remaining, talons for further

--- Page 92 ---
92 
 
Coupons (Talons) attached on issue. Any reference herein to Coupons or coupons shall, unless the 
context otherwise requires, be deemed to include a reference to Talons or talons. Exempt Notes in 
definitive form which are repayable in instalments have receipts (Receipts) for the payment of the 
instalments of principal (other than the final instalment) attached on issue. Global Notes do not have 
Receipts, Coupons or Talons attached on issue. 
Any reference to Noteholders or holders in relation to any Notes shall mean the holders of the Notes 
and shall, in relation to any Notes represented by a Global Note, be construed as provided below. Any 
reference herein to Receiptholders shall mean the holders of the Receipts and any reference herein to 
Couponholders shall mean the holders of the Coupons and shall, unless the context otherwise requires, 
include the holders of the Talons.  
As used herein, Tranche means Notes which are identical in all respects (including as to listing and 
admission to trading) and Series means a Tranche of Notes together with any further Tranche or 
Tranches of Notes which (a) are expressed to be consolidated and form a single series and (b) have the 
same terms and conditions or terms and conditions which are the same in all respects save for the amount 
and date of the first payment of interest thereon and the date from which interest starts to accrue. 
Copies of the Agency Agreement (i) are available for inspection or collection during normal business 
hours at the specified office of each of the Paying Agents or (ii) may be provided by email to a 
Noteholder following their prior written request to the relevant Paying Agent therefor and provision of 
proof of holding and identity (in form satisfactory to the relevant Paying Agent, as the case may be). If 
the Notes are to be admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange the 
form of Final Terms will be published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
(www.bourse.lu). If this Note is an Exempt Note, the applicable Pricing Supplement will only be 
obtainable by a Noteholder holding one or more Notes and such Noteholder must produce evidence 
satisfactory to the Issuer and the relevant Agent as to its holding of such Notes and identity. The 
Noteholders, the Receiptholders and the Couponholders are deemed to have notice of, and are entitled 
to the benefit of, all the provisions of the Agency Agreement and the form of Final Terms which are 
applicable to them. The statements in the Conditions include summaries of, and are subject to, the 
detailed provisions of the Agency Agreement. 
Words and expressions defined in the Agency Agreement or used in the form of Final Terms shall have 
the same meanings where used in the Conditions unless the context otherwise requires or unless 
otherwise stated and provided that, in the event of inconsistency between the Agency Agreement and 
the form of Final Terms, the form of Final Terms will prevail. 
In the Conditions, euro means the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European 
economic and monetary union pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, as 
amended. 
1. 
FORM, DENOMINATION AND TITLE 
The Notes are in bearer form and, in the case of definitive Notes, serially numbered, in the 
currency (the Specified Currency) and the denominations (the Specified Denomination(s)) 
specified in the form of Final Terms, provided that (i) the minimum Specified Denomination 
of each Note which is specified in the form of Final Terms as being a Senior Note shall be Euro 
100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency as at the date of issue of the relevant Notes), 
(ii) the minimum Specified Denomination of each Note which is specified in the form of Final 
Terms as being a Subordinated Note shall be Euro 200,000 (or its equivalent in any other 
currency as at the date of issue of the relevant Notes), and (iii) the minimum Specified 
Denomination of each Note which is specified in the form of Final Terms as being a Non-
Preferred Senior Note shall be Euro 150,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency as at the

--- Page 93 ---
93 
 
date of issue of the relevant Notes). Notes of one Specified Denomination may not be 
exchanged for Notes of another Specified Denomination. 
Unless this Note is an Exempt Note, this Note may be a Fixed Rate Note, a Reset Note, a 
Floating Rate Note or a Zero Coupon Note (each as hereinafter defined), or a combination of 
any of the foregoing, depending upon the Interest Basis shown in the form of Final Terms. 
If this Note is an Exempt Note, this Note may be a Fixed Rate Note, a Reset Note, a Floating 
Rate Note, a Zero Coupon Note, an Index Linked Interest Note, a Dual Currency Interest Note 
(each as hereinafter defined) or a combination of any of the foregoing, depending upon the 
Interest Basis shown in the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
If this Note is an Exempt Note, this Note may also be an Index Linked Redemption Note, an 
Instalment Note, a Dual Currency Redemption Note, a Partly Paid Note or a combination of 
any of the foregoing, depending upon the Redemption/Payment Basis shown in the applicable 
Pricing Supplement. 
This Note may also be a Senior Note, a Non-Preferred Senior Note or a Subordinated Note, as 
indicated in the form of Final Terms. 
Definitive Notes are issued with Coupons attached, unless they are Zero Coupon Notes in which 
case references to Coupons and Couponholders in the Conditions are not applicable. 
Subject as set out below, title to the Notes, Receipts and Coupons will pass by delivery in 
accordance with applicable law. The Issuer and any Agent will (except as otherwise required 
by law) deem and treat the bearer of any Note, Receipt or Coupon as the absolute owner thereof 
(whether or not overdue and notwithstanding any notice of ownership or writing thereon or 
notice of any previous loss or theft thereof) for all purposes but, in the case of any Global Note, 
without prejudice to the provisions set out in the next succeeding paragraph. 
For so long as any of the Notes is represented by a Global Note held on behalf of Euroclear 
Bank SA/NV (Euroclear) and/or Clearstream Banking S.A. (Clearstream, Luxembourg), 
each person (other than Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg) who is for the time being 
shown in the records of Euroclear or of Clearstream, Luxembourg as the holder of a particular 
nominal amount of such Notes (in which regard any certificate or other document issued by 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as to the nominal amount of such Notes standing to the 
account of any person shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes save in the case of 
manifest error) shall be treated by the Issuer and the Agents as the holder of such nominal 
amount of such Notes for all purposes other than with respect to the payment of principal or 
interest on such nominal amount of such Notes, for which purpose the bearer of the relevant 
Global Note shall be treated by the Issuer and any Agent as the holder of such nominal amount 
of such Notes in accordance with and subject to the terms of the relevant Global Note and the 
expressions Noteholder and holder of Notes and related expressions shall be construed 
accordingly. 
Notes which are represented by a Global Note will be transferable only in accordance with the 
rules and procedures for the time being of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case 
may be. References to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, whenever the context 
so permits, be deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system 
specified in Part B of the form of Final Terms.

--- Page 94 ---
94 
 
2. 
STATUS OF THE NOTES AND SUBORDINATION 
The form of Final Terms will indicate whether the Notes are Senior Notes, Non-Preferred 
Senior Notes or Subordinated Notes and, in the case of Subordinated Notes, the applicable 
subordination provisions. 
2.1 
Status of the Senior Notes 
This Condition 2.1 applies only to Senior Notes (and, for the avoidance of doubt, does not apply 
to Non-Preferred Senior Notes). 
The Senior Notes and any relative Receipts and Coupons constitute direct, unconditional, 
unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the Issuer, ranking (subject to any obligations 
preferred by any applicable law) pari passu with all other unsecured obligations (other than 
obligations ranking junior to the Senior Notes from time to time (including Non-Preferred 
Senior Notes and any further obligations permitted by law to rank, or expressed to rank, junior 
to the Senior Notes, on or following the Issue Date), if any) of the Issuer, present and future 
and pari passu and rateably without any preference among themselves.  
Each holder of a Senior Note unconditionally and irrevocably waives any right of set-off, 
netting, counterclaim, abatement or other similar remedy which it might otherwise have under 
the laws of any jurisdiction in respect of such Senior Note.  
For the avoidance of doubt, there is no negative pledge provision in these Conditions. 
2.2 
Status of the Non-Preferred Senior Notes 
This Condition 2.2 applies only to Non-Preferred Senior Notes (and, for the avoidance of doubt, 
does not apply to Senior Notes).  
(a) 
The Non-Preferred Senior Notes (being notes intended to qualify as strumenti di debito 
chirografario di secondo livello of the Issuer, as defined under Article 12-bis of the 
Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993, as amended (the Italian 
Consolidated Banking Act), any related Receipts and Coupons constitute direct, 
unconditional, unsubordinated, and unsecured and non-preferred obligations of the 
Issuer, ranking: 
(i) 
junior to Senior Notes and any other unsecured and unsubordinated obligations 
of the Issuer which rank, or are expressed to rank by their terms, senior to the 
Non-Preferred Senior Notes, 
(ii) 
pari passu without any preferences among themselves, and with all other 
present or future obligations of the Issuer which do not rank or are not 
expressed by their terms to rank junior or senior to the relevant Non-Preferred 
Senior Notes; and 
(iii) 
in priority to any subordinated instruments and to the claims of shareholders 
of the Issuer, pursuant to Article 91, section 1-bis, letter c-bis of the Italian 
Consolidated Banking Act. 
(b) 
Each holder of a Non-Preferred Senior Note unconditionally and irrevocably waives 
any right of set-off, netting, counterclaim, abatement or other similar remedy which it 
might otherwise have under the laws of any jurisdiction in respect of such Non-
Preferred Senior Note.

--- Page 95 ---
95 
 
(c) 
For the avoidance of doubt, there is no negative pledge provision in these Conditions. 
2.3 
Status of the Subordinated Notes 
This Condition 2.3 applies only to Subordinated Notes. 
(a) 
Subject as set out below, the Subordinated Notes (being notes intended to qualify as 
Tier 2 capital for regulatory capital purposes, in accordance with Part II, Chapter 1 of 
the Bank of Italy's Disposizioni di Vigilanza Prudenziale per le Banche, as set out in 
Bank of Italy Circular No. 285 of 17 December 2013, as amended or supplemented 
from time to time (the Bank of Italy Regulations), including any successor regulations, 
and Article 63 of the Regulation No. 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 26 June 2013 on prudential requirements for credit institutions and 
investment firms, as amended from time to time (the CRR)) and any relative Receipts 
and Coupons constitute direct, unconditional, unsecured and subordinated obligations 
of the Issuer and rank:  
(i) 
after all unsubordinated, unsecured creditors (including depositors and holders 
of Senior Notes and Non-Preferred Senior Notes) of the Issuer and after all 
creditors of the Issuer holding instruments that are or are expressed by their 
terms to be less subordinated than the relevant Subordinated Notes;  
(ii) 
at least pari passu without any preferences among themselves, and with all 
other present and future subordinated obligations of the Issuer that are not 
expressed by their terms to rank or which do not rank junior or senior to the 
relevant Subordinated Notes (save for those preferred by mandatory and/or 
overriding provisions of law); and  
(iii) 
in priority to the claims of shareholders of the Issuer and to all other present 
and future subordinated obligations of the Issuer which rank or are expressed 
by their terms to rank junior to the relevant Subordinated Notes. 
In the event the Subordinated Notes of any Series do not qualify or cease to qualify, in 
their entirety, as own funds in the form of Tier 2 capital, such Subordinated Notes and 
any relative Receipts and Coupons shall rank subordinated and junior to 
unsubordinated unsecured creditors (including depositors and holders of Senior Notes 
and Non-Preferred Senior Notes) of the Issuer, pari passu among themselves and with 
the Issuer’s obligations in respect of any other subordinated instruments which do not 
qualify or have ceased to qualify, in their entirety, as own funds items (elementi di fondi 
propri) and with all other present and future subordinated obligations of the Issuer 
which do not rank or are not expressed by their terms and/or by mandatory and/or 
overriding provisions of law to rank junior or senior to the relevant Subordinated Notes 
(which do not qualify or have so ceased to qualify, in their entirety, as own funds in the 
form of Tier 2 capital) and senior to instruments which qualify (in whole or in part) as 
own fund items (elementi di fondi propri). 
(b) 
In relation to each Series of Subordinated Notes all Subordinated Notes of such Series 
will be treated equally and all amounts paid by the Issuer in respect of principal and 
interest thereon will be paid pro rata on all Subordinated Notes of such Series. 
(c) 
Each holder of a Subordinated Note unconditionally and irrevocably waives any right 
of set-off, netting, counterclaim, abatement or other similar remedy which it might 
otherwise have, under the laws of any jurisdiction, in respect of such Subordinated 
Note.

--- Page 96 ---
96 
 
(d) 
For the avoidance of doubt, there is no negative pledge provision in these Conditions. 
3. 
INTEREST 
3.1 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes 
This Condition 3.1 applies to Fixed Rate Notes only. The form of Final Terms contains 
provisions applicable to the determination of fixed rate interest and must be read in conjunction 
with this Condition 3.1 for full information on the manner in which interest is calculated on 
Fixed Rate Notes. In particular, the form of Final Terms will specify the Interest 
Commencement Date, the Rate(s) of Interest, the Interest Payment Date(s), the Maturity Date, 
the Fixed Coupon Amount, any applicable Broken Amount, the Calculation Amount, the Day 
Count Fraction and any applicable Determination Date.  
Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date at 
the rate(s) per annum equal to the Rate(s) of Interest. Interest will be payable in arrear on the 
Interest Payment Date(s) in each year up to (and including) the Maturity Date. The Rate of 
Interest may be specified in the form of Final Terms either (i) as the same Rate of Interest for 
all Fixed Interest Periods or (ii) as a different Rate of Interest in respect of one or more Fixed 
Interest Periods. 
If the Notes are in definitive form, except as provided in the form of Final Terms, the amount 
of interest payable on each Interest Payment Date in respect of the Fixed Interest Period ending 
on (but excluding) such date will amount to the Fixed Coupon Amount. Payments of interest 
on any Interest Payment Date will, if so specified in the form of Final Terms, amount to the 
Broken Amount so specified. 
As used in the Conditions, Fixed Interest Period means the period from (and including) an 
Interest Payment Date (or the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or 
first) Interest Payment Date. 
Except in the case of Notes in definitive form where an applicable Fixed Coupon Amount or 
Broken Amount is specified in the form of Final Terms, interest shall be calculated in respect 
of any period by applying the Rate of Interest to: 
(a) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes which are represented by a Global Note, the aggregate 
outstanding nominal amount of the Fixed Rate Notes represented by such Global Note 
(or, if they are Partly Paid Notes, the aggregate amount paid up); or 
(b) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes in definitive form, the Calculation Amount; 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction. 
The resultant figure (including after application of any Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken 
Amount to the Calculation Amount in the case of Fixed Rate Notes in definitive form) shall be 
rounded to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit 
being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention. Where 
the Specified Denomination of a Fixed Rate Note in definitive form is a multiple of the 
Calculation Amount, the amount of interest payable in respect of such Fixed Rate Note shall be 
the product of the amount (determined in the manner provided above) for the Calculation 
Amount and the amount by which the Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach the Specified 
Denomination, without any further rounding.

--- Page 97 ---
97 
 
Day Count Fraction means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest, in 
accordance with this Condition 3.1: 
(i) 
if "Actual/Actual (ICMA)" is specified in the form of Final Terms: 
(A) 
in the case of Notes where the number of days in the relevant period from (and 
including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date (the 
Accrual Period) is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period during 
which the Accrual Period ends, the number of days in such Accrual Period 
divided by the product of (1) the number of days in such Determination Period 
and (2) the number of Determination Dates (as specified in the form of Final 
Terms) that would occur in one calendar year; or 
(B) 
in the case of Notes where the Accrual Period is longer than the Determination 
Period during which the Accrual Period ends, the sum of: 
(1) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the Determination 
Period in which the Accrual Period begins divided by the product of 
(x) the number of days in such Determination Period and (y) the 
number of Determination Dates that would occur in one calendar year; 
and 
(2) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the next 
Determination Period divided by the product of (x) the number of days 
in such Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination 
Dates that would occur in one calendar year; and 
(ii) 
if "30/360" is specified in the form of Final Terms, the number of days in the period 
from (and including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date (such number of 
days being calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with 12 30-day months) divided 
by 360. 
In these Conditions: 
Determination Period means each period from (and including) a Determination Date to (but 
excluding) the next Determination Date (including, where either the Interest Commencement 
Date or the final Interest Payment Date is not a Determination Date, the period commencing on 
the first Determination Date prior to, and ending on the first Determination Date falling after, 
such date); and 
sub-unit means, with respect to any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such 
currency that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, with respect to 
euro, one cent. 
Fixed Rate Notes (other than Subordinated Notes) may also include interest step-up or step-
down provisions whereby the Rate of Interest payable increases or decreases, respectively, at 
pre-determined periods to a pre-determined percentage per annum (as specified in the form of 
Final Terms for such Notes).

--- Page 98 ---
98 
 
3.2 
Interest on Reset Notes 
(a) 
Rates of Interest and Interest Payment Dates 
Each Reset Note bears interest:  
(i) 
from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date until (but excluding) the First 
Reset Date at the Initial Rate of Interest; 
(ii) 
from (and including) the First Reset Date until (but excluding) the Second Reset Date 
or, if no such Second Reset Date is specified in the form of Final Terms, the Maturity 
Date at the rate per annum equal to the First Reset Rate of Interest; and 
(iii) 
for each Subsequent Reset Period thereafter (if any), at the relevant Subsequent Reset 
Rate of Interest, 
payable, in each case, in arrear on each Interest Payment Date and on the Maturity Date if that 
does not fall on an Interest Payment Date. The Rate of Interest and the Interest Amount payable 
shall be determined by the Calculation Agent, (A) in the case of the Rate of Interest, at or as 
soon as practicable after each time at which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, subject to 
Condition 3.4 (Benchmark Discontinuation) and (B) in the case of the Interest Amount in 
accordance with the provisions for calculating amounts of interest in Condition 3.1 (Interest on 
Fixed Rate Notes). Unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms the Rate of Interest 
(inclusive of the First or Subsequent Margin) shall not be deemed to be less than zero. 
(b) 
Reset Reference Rate Conversion 
This Condition 3.2(b) is only applicable if Reset Reference Rate Conversion is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement as 
being applicable. 
The First Reset Rate of Interest and, if applicable, each Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest will 
be converted from the Original Reset Reference Rate Payment Basis specified in the applicable 
Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement to a basis which 
matches the frequency of Interest Payment Dates in respect of the relevant Notes. 
For the purposes of the Conditions: 
First Margin means the margin specified as such in the form of Final Terms; 
First Reset Date means the date specified in the form of Final Terms; 
First Reset Period means the period from (and including) the First Reset Date until (but 
excluding) the Second Reset Date or, if no such Second Reset Date is specified in the form of 
Final Terms, the Maturity Date; 
First Reset Rate of Interest means, in respect of the First Reset Period and subject to 
Condition 3.2(c), the rate of interest determined by the Calculation Agent on the relevant Reset 
Determination Date as the sum of the relevant Mid-Swap Rate and the First Margin, subject to 
Condition 3.2(b); 
Initial Rate of Interest has the meaning specified in the form of Final Terms;

--- Page 99 ---
99 
 
Mid-Market Swap Rate means for any Reset Period the mean of the bid and offered rates for 
the fixed leg payable with a frequency equivalent to the Original Reset Reference Rate Payment 
Basis (calculated on the day count basis customary for fixed rate payments in the Specified 
Currency as determined by the Calculation Agent) of a fixed-for-floating interest rate swap 
transaction in the Specified Currency which transaction (i) has a term equal to the relevant 
Reset Period and commencing on the relevant Reset Date, (ii) is in an amount that is 
representative for a single transaction in the relevant market at the relevant time with an 
acknowledged dealer of good credit in the swap market and (iii) has a floating leg based on the 
Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate for the Mid-Swap Maturity (as specified in the form 
of Final Terms) (calculated on the day count basis customary for floating rate payments in the 
Specified Currency as determined by the Calculation Agent); 
Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation means a quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per 
annum) for the relevant Mid-Market Swap Rate; 
Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate means EURIBOR and the Specified Currency is 
euro; 
Mid-Swap Rate means, in relation to a Reset Determination Date and subject to Condition 
3.2(c), either: 
(i) 
if Single Mid-Swap Rate is specified in the form of Final Terms, the rate for swaps in 
the Specified Currency: 
(A) 
with a term equal to the relevant Reset Period; and 
(B) 
commencing on the relevant Reset Date, 
which appears on the Relevant Screen Page; or 
(ii) 
if Mean Mid-Swap Rate is specified in the form of Final Terms, the arithmetic mean 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum and rounded, if necessary, to the nearest 
0.001 per cent. (0.0005 per cent. being rounded upwards)) of the bid and offered swap 
rate quotations for swaps in the Specified Currency: 
(A) 
with a term equal to the relevant Reset Period; and  
(B) 
commencing on the relevant Reset Date,  
which appear on the Relevant Screen Page, 
in either case, as at approximately 11.00 a.m. in the principal financial centre of the Specified 
Currency on such Reset Determination Date, all as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
Original Reset Reference Rate Payment Basis has the meaning specified in the applicable 
Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement. In the case of 
Notes other than Exempt Notes, the Original Reset Reference Rate Payment Basis shall be 
annual, semi-annual, quarterly or monthly; 
Rate of Interest means the Initial Rate of Interest, the First Reset Rate of Interest or the 
Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest, as applicable;

--- Page 100 ---
100 
 
Relevant Margin means, in respect of a Reset Period, whichever of the First Margin or the 
Subsequent Margin is applicable for the purpose of determining the Rate of Interest in respect 
of such Reset Period; 
Reset Date means the First Reset Date, the Second Reset Date and each Subsequent Reset Date 
(as applicable); 
Reset Determination Date means, in respect of the First Reset Period, the second Business 
Day prior to the First Reset Date, in respect of the first Subsequent Reset Period, the second 
Business Day prior to the Second Reset Date and, in respect of each Subsequent Reset Period 
thereafter, the second Business Day prior to the first day of each such Subsequent Reset Period; 
Reset Period means the First Reset Period or a Subsequent Reset Period, as the case may be; 
Second Reset Date means the date specified in the form of Final Terms; 
Subsequent Margin means the margin specified as such in the form of Final Terms; 
Subsequent Reset Date means the date or dates specified in the form of Final Terms; 
Subsequent Reset Period means the period from (and including) the Second Reset Date to 
(but excluding) the next Subsequent Reset Date, and each successive period from (and 
including) a Subsequent Reset Date to (but excluding) the next succeeding Subsequent Reset 
Date; and 
Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest means, in respect of any Subsequent Reset Period and 
subject to Condition 3.2(c) the rate of interest determined by the Calculation Agent on the 
relevant Reset Determination Date as the sum of the relevant Mid-Swap Rate and the relevant 
Subsequent Margin, subject to Condition 3.2(b). 
(c) 
Fallbacks 
If on any Reset Determination Date the Relevant Screen Page is not available or the Mid-Swap 
Rate does not appear on the Relevant Screen Page, the Issuer (or an agent appointed by the 
Issuer) shall, subject as provided in Condition 3.4 (Benchmark Discontinuation), request each 
of the Reference Banks (as defined below) to provide the Calculation Agent with its Mid-
Market Swap Rate Quotation as at approximately 11.00 a.m. in the principal financial centre of 
the Specified Currency on the Reset Determination Date in question.  
If two or more of the Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent with Mid-Market Swap 
Rate Quotations, the First Reset Rate of Interest or the Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest (as 
applicable) for the relevant Reset Period shall be the sum of the arithmetic mean (rounded, if 
necessary, to the nearest 0.001 per cent. (0.0005 per cent. being rounded upwards)) of the 
relevant Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotations and the First Margin or Subsequent Margin (as 
applicable), all as determined by the Calculation Agent.  
If on any Reset Determination Date only one or none of the Reference Banks provides the 
Calculation Agent with a Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation as provided in the foregoing 
provisions of this paragraph, the First Reset Rate of Interest or the Subsequent Reset Rate of 
Interest (as applicable) shall be determined by the Calculation Agent to be the sum of (A) the 
last observable rate for swaps in the Specified Currency with a term equal to the relevant Reset 
Period which appears on the Relevant Screen Page and (B) the Relevant Margin.

--- Page 101 ---
101 
 
For the purposes of this Condition 3.2(c) Reference Banks means the principal office in the 
principal financial centre of the Specified Currency of four major banks in the swap, money, 
securities or other market most closely connected with the relevant Mid-Swap Rate as selected 
by the Issuer on the advice of an investment bank of international repute. 
3.3 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes 
(a) 
Interest Payment Dates 
This Condition 3.3 applies to Floating Rate Notes only. The form of Final Terms contains 
provisions applicable to the determination of floating rate interest and must be read in 
conjunction with this Condition 3.3 for full information on the manner in which interest is 
calculated on Floating Rate Notes. In particular, the form of Final Terms will identify any 
Specified Interest Payment Dates, any Specified Period, the Interest Commencement Date, the 
Business Day Convention, any Additional Business Centres, whether ISDA Determination or 
Screen Rate Determination applies to the calculation of interest, the party who will calculate 
the amount of interest due if it is not the Principal Paying Agent, the Margin, any maximum or 
minimum interest rates and the Day Count Fraction. Where ISDA Determination applies to the 
calculation of interest, the form of Final Terms will also specify the applicable Floating Rate 
Option, Designated Maturity and Reset Date. Where Screen Rate Determination applies to the 
calculation of interest, the form of Final Terms will also specify the applicable Reference Rate, 
Interest Determination Date(s) and Relevant Screen Page.  
Each Floating Rate Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date 
and such interest will be payable in arrear on either: 
(i) 
the Specified Interest Payment Date(s) in each year specified in the form of Final 
Terms; or 
(ii) 
if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are specified in the form of Final Terms, 
each date (each such date, together with each Specified Interest Payment Date, an 
Interest Payment Date) which falls the number of months or other period specified as 
the Specified Period in the form of Final Terms after the preceding Interest Payment 
Date or, in the case of the first Interest Payment Date, after the Interest Commencement 
Date. 
Such interest will be payable in respect of each Interest Period. In these Conditions, Interest 
Period means the period from (and including) an Interest Payment Date (or the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest Payment Date or the 
relevant payment date if the Notes become payable on a date other than an Interest Payment 
Date. 
If a Business Day Convention is specified in the form of Final Terms and (x) if there is no 
numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which an Interest Payment Date should 
occur or (y) if any Interest Payment Date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business 
Day, then, if the Business Day Convention specified is: 
(A) 
in any case where Specified Periods are specified in accordance with Condition 
3.3(a)(ii) above, the Floating Rate Convention, such Interest Payment Date (a) in the 
case of (x) above, shall be the last day that is a Business Day in the relevant month and 
the provisions of (ii) below shall apply mutatis mutandis or (b) in the case of (y) above, 
shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall 
into the next calendar month, in which event (i) such Interest Payment Date shall be 
brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day and (ii) each subsequent

--- Page 102 ---
102 
 
Interest Payment Date shall be the last Business Day in the month which falls in the 
Specified Period after the preceding applicable Interest Payment Date occurred; or 
(B) 
the Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be 
postponed to the next day which is a Business Day; or 
(C) 
the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall 
be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into 
the next calendar month, in which event such Interest Payment Date shall be brought 
forward to the immediately preceding Business Day; or 
(D) 
the Preceding Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be brought 
forward to the immediately preceding Business Day. 
In these Conditions, Business Day means: 
(a) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and 
are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign 
currency deposits) in each Additional Business Centre (other than TARGET2 System) 
specified in the form of Final Terms;  
(b) 
if TARGET2 System is specified as an Additional Business Centre in the form of Final 
Terms, a day on which the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement 
Express Transfer (TARGET2) System (the TARGET2 System) is open; and 
(c) 
either (1) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day 
on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are 
open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in the principal financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified 
Currency (which if the Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars 
shall be Sydney and Auckland, respectively) or (2) in relation to any sum payable in 
euro, a day on which the TARGET2 System is open. 
Floating Rate Notes (other than Subordinated Notes) may also include interest step-up or step-
down provisions whereby the Margin increases or decreases, respectively, at pre-determined 
periods to a pre-determined percentage per annum (as specified in the form of Final Terms for 
such Notes). 
(b) 
Rate of Interest 
The Rate of Interest payable from time to time in respect of Floating Rate Notes will be 
determined in the manner specified in the form of Final Terms. 
(i) 
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the form of Final Terms as the manner in 
which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest 
Period will be the relevant ISDA Rate plus or minus (as indicated in the form of Final 
Terms) the Margin (if any). For the purposes of this subparagraph (i), ISDA Rate for 
an Interest Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate that would be determined by 
the Calculation Agent under an interest rate swap transaction under the terms of an 
agreement incorporating (i) if “2006 ISDA Definitions” is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, the 2006 ISDA Definitions, as published by the International Swaps and 
Derivatives Association, Inc. (ISDA) and as amended and updated as at the Issue Date

--- Page 103 ---
103 
 
of the first Tranche of the Notes; or (ii) if “2021 ISDA Definitions” is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms the latest version of the 2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives 
Definitions as published by ISDA as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes; 
(together, the ISDA Definitions) and under which : 
(A) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the form of Final Terms; 
(B) 
the Designated Maturity is a period specified in the form of Final Terms; and 
(C) 
the relevant Reset Date is the day specified in the form of Final Terms. 
For the purposes of this subparagraph (i), Floating Rate, Floating Rate Option, 
Calculation Agent, Designated Maturity and Reset Date have the meanings given to 
those terms in the ISDA Definitions. 
Unless otherwise stated in the form of Final Terms the Minimum Rate of Interest shall 
be deemed to be zero. 
(ii) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the form of Final Terms as the manner 
in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest 
Period will, subject to Condition 3.4 (Benchmark Discontinuation), be either: 
(A) 
the offered quotation; or 
(B) 
the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 
0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the offered quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate (being EURIBOR, 
as specified in the form of Final Terms) which appears or appear, as the case may be, 
on the Relevant Screen Page (or such replacement page on that service which displays 
the information) at the Specified Time on the Interest Determination Date in question 
plus or minus (as indicated in the form of Final Terms) the Margin (if any), all as 
determined by the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable. If 
five or more of such offered quotations are available on the Relevant Screen Page, the 
highest (or, if there is more than one such highest quotation, one only of such 
quotations) and the lowest (or, if there is more than one such lowest quotation, one only 
of such quotations) shall be disregarded by the Principal Paying Agent or the 
Calculation Agent, as applicable, for the purpose of determining the arithmetic mean 
(rounded as provided above) of such offered quotations. 
If the Relevant Screen Page is not available or if, in the case of paragraph (A) above, 
no offered quotation appears or, in the case of paragraph (B) above, fewer than three 
offered quotations appear, in each case as at the Specified Time, the Issuer (or an agent 
appointed by the Issuer) shall request each of the Reference Banks to provide the 
Principal Paying Agent with its offered quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per 
annum) for the Reference Rate at approximately the Specified Time on the Interest 
Determination Date in question. If two or more of the Reference Banks provide the 
Principal Paying Agent with offered quotations, the Rate of Interest for the Interest 
Period shall be the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place 
with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the offered quotations plus or minus (as 
appropriate) the Margin (if any), all as determined by the Principal Paying Agent.

--- Page 104 ---
104 
 
If on any Interest Determination Date one only or none of the Reference Banks provides 
the Principal Paying Agent with an offered quotation as provided in the preceding 
paragraph, the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Period shall be the rate per 
annum which the Principal Paying Agent determines as being the arithmetic mean 
(rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) 
of the rates, as communicated to the Principal Paying Agent by the Reference Banks or 
any two or more of them, at which such banks were offered, at approximately the 
Specified Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date, deposits in the Specified 
Currency for a period equal to that which would have been used for the Reference Rate 
by leading banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market plus or minus (as appropriate) the 
Margin (if any) or, if fewer than two of the Reference Banks provide the Principal 
Paying Agent with offered rates, the offered rate for deposits in the Specified Currency 
for a period equal to that which would have been used for the Reference Rate, or the 
arithmetic mean (rounded as provided above) of the offered rates for deposits in the 
Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have been used for the 
Reference Rate, at which, at approximately the Specified Time on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date, any one or more banks (which bank or banks is or are in the 
opinion of the Issuer suitable for the purpose) informs the Principal Paying Agent it is 
quoting to leading banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market plus or minus (as 
appropriate) the Margin (if any), provided that, if the Rate of Interest cannot be 
determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions of this paragraph, the Rate of 
Interest shall be determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date (though 
substituting, where a different Margin is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period 
from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin relating to the 
relevant Interest Period in place of the Margin relating to that last preceding Interest 
Period). 
In the case of Exempt Notes, if the Reference Rate from time to time in respect of 
Floating Rate Notes is specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement as being other 
than EURIBOR, the Rate of Interest in respect of the Notes will be determined as 
provided in the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
Unless otherwise stated in the form of Final Terms the Minimum Rate of Interest shall 
be deemed to be zero. 
Specified Time means 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time, for the determination of EURIBOR). 
For the purposes of this Condition 3.3(b)(ii) Reference Banks means the principal 
Euro-zone office of four major banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market, in each case 
selected by the Issuer. 
(c) 
Minimum Rate of Interest and/or Maximum Rate of Interest 
If the form of Final Terms specifies a Minimum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, then, 
in the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in accordance 
with the provisions of paragraph (b) above is less than such Minimum Rate of Interest, the Rate 
of Interest for such Interest Period shall be such Minimum Rate of Interest. 
If the form of Final Terms specifies a Maximum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, then, 
in the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in accordance 
with the provisions of paragraph (b) above is greater than such Maximum Rate of Interest, the 
Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be such Maximum Rate of Interest.

--- Page 105 ---
105 
 
(d) 
Determination of Rate of Interest and calculation of Interest Amounts 
The Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, will at or as soon as 
practicable after each time at which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, determine the Rate 
of Interest for the relevant Interest Period.  
The Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, will calculate the amount 
of interest (the Interest Amount) payable on the Floating Rate Notes for the relevant Interest 
Period by applying the Rate of Interest to: 
(i) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes which are represented by a Global Note, the 
aggregate outstanding nominal amount of the Notes represented by such Global Note 
(or, if they are Partly Paid Notes, the aggregate amount paid up); or 
(ii) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes in definitive form, the Calculation Amount; 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding 
the resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such 
sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention. 
Where the Specified Denomination of a Floating Rate Note in definitive form is a multiple of 
the Calculation Amount, the Interest Amount payable in respect of such Note shall be the 
product of the amount (determined in the manner provided above) for the Calculation Amount 
and the amount by which the Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach the Specified 
Denomination without any further rounding. 
Day Count Fraction means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest in accordance 
with this Condition 3.3: 
(i) 
if "Actual/Actual (ISDA)" or "Actual/Actual" is specified in the form of Final Terms, 
the actual number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of 
that Interest Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (I) the actual number of days in that 
portion of the Interest Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (II) the actual 
number of days in that portion of the Interest Period falling in a non-leap year divided 
by 365); 
(ii) 
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is specified in the form of Final Terms, the actual number of 
days in the Interest Period divided by 365; 
(iii) 
if "Actual/365 (Sterling)" is specified in the form of Final Terms, the actual number of 
days in the Interest Period divided by 365 or, in the case of an Interest Payment Date 
falling in a leap year, 366; 
(iv) 
if "Actual/360" is specified in the form of Final Terms, the actual number of days in 
the Interest Period divided by 360; 
(v) 
if "30/360", "360/360" or "Bond Basis" is specified in the form of Final Terms, the 
number of days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as 
follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
 
where: 
(
)
[
]
(
)
[
] (
)
360
1
D
2
D
1
M
2
M
30
1
Y
2
Y
360
−
+
−
×
+
−
×

--- Page 106 ---
106 
 
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day of the Interest Period falls; 
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such 
number is 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 
29, in which case D2 will be 30; 
(vi) 
if "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is specified in the form of Final Terms, the number 
of days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
 
where: 
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day of the Interest Period falls; 
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will 
be 30; 
(vii) 
if "30E/360 (ISDA)" is specified in the form of Final Terms, the number of days in the 
Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
 
where: 
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
(
)
[
]
(
)
[
] (
)
360
1
D
2
D
1
M
2
M
30
1
Y
2
Y
360
−
+
−
×
+
−
×
(
)
[
]
(
)
[
] (
)
360
1
D
2
D
1
M
2
M
30
1
Y
2
Y
360
−
+
−
×
+
−
×

--- Page 107 ---
107 
 
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day of the Interest Period falls; 
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless (i) that 
day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will 
be 30; and 
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Interest Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the 
Maturity Date or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30. 
(e) 
Linear Interpolation 
Where Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Period in the form 
of Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be calculated by the Principal 
Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, by straight line linear interpolation by 
reference to two rates based on the relevant Reference Rate (where Screen Rate Determination 
is specified as applicable in the form of Final Terms) or the relevant Floating Rate Option 
(where ISDA Determination is specified as applicable in the form of Final Terms), one of which 
shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period of time for which rates are 
available next shorter than the length of the relevant Interest Period and the other of which shall 
be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period of time for which rates are 
available next longer than the length of the relevant Interest Period provided however that if 
there is no rate available for a period of time next shorter or, as the case may be, next longer, 
then the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, shall determine such 
rate at such time and by reference to such sources as it determines appropriate.  
Designated Maturity means, in relation to Screen Rate Determination, the period of time 
designated in the Reference Rate. 
(f) 
Notification of Rate of Interest and Interest Amounts 
The Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, will cause the Rate of 
Interest and each Interest Amount for each Interest Period and the relevant Interest Payment 
Date to be notified to the Issuer and any stock exchange on which the relevant Floating Rate 
Notes are for the time being listed (by no later than the first day of each Interest Period) and 
notice thereof to be published in accordance with Condition 12 as soon as possible after their 
determination but in no event later than the fourth London Business Day thereafter. Each 
Interest Amount and Interest Payment Date so notified may subsequently be amended (or 
appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of adjustment) without prior notice in the 
event of an extension or shortening of the Interest Period. Any such amendment will promptly 
be notified to each stock exchange on which the relevant Floating Rate Notes are for the time 
being listed and to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 12. For the purposes of this 
Condition 3.3(f), the expression London Business Day means a day (other than a Saturday or 
a Sunday) on which banks and foreign exchange markets are open for general business in 
London.

--- Page 108 ---
108 
 
(g) 
Certificates to be final 
All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, quotations and 
decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this 
Condition 3.3(g) by the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, shall 
(in the absence of wilful default, bad faith or manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the 
Principal Paying Agent, the other Agents and all Noteholders, Receiptholders and 
Couponholders and (in the absence of wilful misconduct, gross negligence or fraud) no liability 
to the Issuer, the Noteholders, the Receiptholders or the Couponholders shall attach to the 
Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, in connection with the exercise 
or non exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions pursuant to such provisions. 
3.4 
Benchmark Discontinuation  
This Condition 3.4 is applicable to Notes only if the Floating Rate Note Provisions or the Reset 
Note Provisions are specified in the form of Final Terms as being applicable. 
(a) 
Independent Adviser 
Notwithstanding the provisions above in Condition 3.3 (Interest on Floating Rate 
Notes) or Condition 3.2 (Interest on Reset Notes), if a Benchmark Event occurs in 
relation to an Original Reference Rate when any Rate of Interest (or any component 
part thereof) remains to be determined by reference to such Original Reference Rate, 
then the Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser, 
as soon as reasonably practicable, to determine a Successor Rate, failing which an 
Alternative Rate (in accordance with Condition 3.4(b) (Successor Rate or Alternative 
Rate)) and, in either case, an Adjustment Spread if any (in accordance with Condition 
3.4(c) (Adjustment Spread) and whether any Benchmark Amendments (in accordance 
with Condition 3.4(d) (Benchmark Amendments)) are necessary to ensure the proper 
operation of such Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and/or Adjustment Spread. 
An Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 3.4(a) shall act in good 
faith and in a commercially reasonable manner as an expert and in consultation with 
the Issuer. In the absence of bad faith, fraud and gross negligence, the Independent 
Adviser shall have no liability whatsoever to the Issuer, the party responsible for 
determining the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes (being the Principal Paying 
Agent, the Calculation Agent or such other party specified in the form of Final Terms) 
any Paying Agent, the Noteholders, the Receiptholders or the Couponholders for any 
determination made by it pursuant to this Condition 3.4. 
If (i) the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser; or (ii) the Independent 
Adviser appointed by it fails to determine a Successor Rate or, failing which, an 
Alternative Rate in accordance with this Condition 3.4(a) prior to the relevant Interest 
Determination Date or Reset Determination Date, as the case may be, the Issuer (acting 
in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) may determine a Successor 
Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Rate, provided however that if the Issuer is unable 
or unwilling to determine a Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Rate in 
accordance with this Condition 3.4(a) prior to the relevant Interest Determination Date 
or Reset Determination Date, as the case may be, (i) in the case of the Rate of Interest 
on Floating Rate Notes, the Rate of Interest applicable to the next succeeding Interest 
Period shall be equal to the Rate of Interest last determined in relation to the Notes in 
respect of the immediately preceding Interest Period or (ii) in the case of the First Reset 
Rate of Interest or in the case of the Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest on Reset Notes, 
the First Reset Rate of Interest  or the Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest (as applicable)

--- Page 109 ---
109 
 
shall be determined to be equal to the sum of (A) the last observable rate for swaps in 
the Specified Currency with a term equal to the relevant Reset Period which appears 
on the Relevant Screen Page and (B) the Relevant Margin. If there has not been a first 
Interest Payment Date or First Reset Date, the Rate of Interest for Floating Rate Notes 
shall be the initial Rate of Interest and the Rate of Interest for Reset Notes shall be the 
Initial Rate of Interest (as applicable). Where a different Margin or Maximum or 
Minimum Rate of Interest or First Margin or Subsequent Margin (as applicable) is to 
be applied to the relevant Interest Period or Reset Period (as applicable) from that 
which applied to the last preceding Interest Period or Reset Period (as applicable), the 
Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest or First Margin or Subsequent 
Margin (as applicable) relating to the relevant Interest Period or Reset Period (as 
applicable) shall be substituted in place of the Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate 
of Interest or First Margin or Subsequent Margin relating to that last preceding Interest 
Period or Reset Period (as applicable). For the avoidance of doubt, this Condition 3.4(a) 
shall apply to the relevant next succeeding Interest Period or Reset Period (as 
applicable) only and any subsequent Interest Periods or Reset Periods (as applicable) 
are subject to the subsequent operation of, and to adjustment as provided in, this 
Condition 3.4(a). 
(b) 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
If the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (if it is unable to appoint an Independent 
Adviser or if the Independent Adviser appointed by it fails to determine a Successor 
Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Rate in accordance with Condition 3.4(a) 
(Independent Adviser) prior to the relevant Interest Determination Date or Reset 
Determination Date, as the case may be) acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner determines that: 
(i) 
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate shall (subject to adjustment 
as provided in Condition 3.4(c) (Adjustment Spread)) subsequently be used in 
place of the Original Reference Rate to determine the Rate of Interest (or the 
relevant component part thereof) for all future payments of interest on the 
Notes (subject to the operation of this Condition 3.4); or 
(ii) 
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then such 
Alternative Rate shall (subject to adjustment as provided in Condition 3.4(c) 
(Adjustment Spread) subsequently be used in place of the Original Reference 
Rate to determine the Rate of Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) 
for all future payments of interest on the Notes (subject to the operation of this 
Condition 3.4). 
(c) 
Adjustment Spread 
If the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (if it is unable to appoint an Independent 
Adviser or if the Independent Adviser appointed by it fails to determine a Successor 
Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Rate in accordance with Condition 3.4(a) 
(Independent Adviser) prior to the relevant Interest Determination Date or Reset 
Determination Date, as the case may be) acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner determines (i) that an Adjustment Spread is required to be applied 
to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and (ii) the quantum 
of, or a formula or methodology for determining, such Adjustment Spread, then such 
Adjustment Spread shall be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as 
the case may be).

--- Page 110 ---
110 
 
(d) 
Benchmark Amendments 
If any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate or Adjustment Spread is determined in 
accordance with this Condition 3.4 and the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (if it is 
unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or if the Independent Adviser appointed by 
it fails to determine a Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Rate in 
accordance with Condition 3.4(a) prior to the relevant Interest Determination Date or 
Reset Determination Date, as the case may be) acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner determines (i) that amendments to these Conditions 
and the Agency Agreement, including but not limited to Relevant Screen Page, are 
necessary to ensure the proper operation of such Successor Rate, Alternative Rate 
and/or Adjustment Spread and/or necessary or appropriate to comply with any 
applicable regulation or guidelines on the use of benchmarks or other related document 
issued by the competent regulatory authority (such amendments, the Benchmark 
Amendments) and (ii) the terms of the Benchmark Amendments, then the Issuer shall, 
subject to giving notice thereof in accordance with Condition 3.4(e) (Notices) and 
subject (to the extent required) to giving any notice required to be given to, and 
receiving any consent required from, or non-objection from, the Competent Authority, 
without any requirement for the consent or approval of Noteholders, Receiptholders or 
Couponholders, vary these Conditions and the Agency Agreement to give effect to such 
Benchmark Amendments with effect from the date specified in such notice. 
In connection with any such variation in accordance with this Condition 3.4(d), the 
Issuer shall comply with the rules of any stock exchange on which the Notes are for the 
time being listed or admitted to trading. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 3.4, no Successor Rate, 
Alternative Rate or Adjustment Spread will be adopted, nor will any other amendment 
to the terms and conditions of any Series of Notes be made to effect the Benchmark 
Amendments, if and to the extent that, in the determination of the Issuer, the same could 
reasonably be expected to prejudice the qualification of the relevant Series of 
Subordinated Notes as “Tier 2” capital at individual or consolidated basis and/or (i) 
result in the exclusion of the relevant Series of Senior Notes or Non-Preferred Senior 
Notes from the eligible liabilities available to meet the MREL Requirements or (ii) (in 
the case of Senior Notes or Non-Preferred Senior Notes only) result in the Competent 
Authority and/or the Relevant Resolution Authority treating the Interest Payment Date 
or Reset Date, as the case may be, as the effective maturity date of the Notes, rather 
than the relevant maturity date. In such cases (i) the Rate of Interest on Floating Rate 
Notes applicable to the next succeeding Interest Period shall be equal to the Rate of 
Interest last determined in relation to the Notes in respect of the immediately preceding 
Interest Period or (ii) in the case of the First Reset Rate of Interest on Reset Notes, the 
Rate of Interest shall be equal to the Initial Rate of Interest or (iii) in the case of the 
Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest on Reset Notes, the Rate of Interest shall be equal to 
the Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest last determined in relation to the Notes in respect 
of the immediately preceding Reset Period or if the immediately preceding Reset 
Period is the First Reset Period, the First Reset Rate of Interest. If there has not been a 
first Interest Payment Date or First Reset Date, the Rate of Interest for Floating Rate 
Notes shall be the initial Rate of Interest and the Rate of Interest for Reset Notes shall 
be the Initial Rate of Interest (as applicable). 
Where a different Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest or First Margin 
or Subsequent Margin (as applicable) is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period or 
Reset Period (as applicable) from that which applied to the last preceding Interest

--- Page 111 ---
111 
 
Period or Reset Period (as applicable), the Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of 
Interest or First Margin or Subsequent Margin (as applicable) relating to the relevant 
Interest Period or Reset Period (as applicable) shall be substituted in place of the 
Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest or First Margin or Subsequent 
Margin relating to that last preceding Interest Period or Reset Period. 
(e) 
Notices 
Any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread and the specific terms of 
any Benchmark Amendments, determined under this Condition 3.4 will be notified 
promptly by the Issuer to the Calculation Agent, the Principal Paying Agent and each 
Paying Agent and, in accordance with Condition 12 (Notices), the Noteholders, 
Receiptholders or Couponholders. Such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify 
the effective date of the Benchmark Amendments, if any.  
(f) 
Survival of Original Reference Rate 
Without prejudice to the obligations of the Issuer under Conditions 3.4(a) (Independent 
Adviser) to 3.4(d) (Benchmark Amendments), the Original Reference Rate and the 
fallback provisions provided for in Condition 3.2(c) (Fallbacks) and Condition 
3.3(b)(ii) (Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes) will continue to apply 
unless and until a Benchmark Event has occurred. 
(g) 
Definitions 
For the purposes of this Condition 3.4: 
Adjustment Spread means either a spread (which may be positive or negative), or the 
formula or methodology for calculating a spread, in either case, which the Independent 
Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) determines (acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner) is required to be applied to the Successor Rate or the 
Alternative Rate (as the case may be) to reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably 
practicable in the circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as the case may 
be) to Noteholders, Receiptholders and Couponholders as a result of the replacement 
of the Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the 
case may be) and is the spread, formula or methodology which: 
(a) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended in relation to the 
replacement of the Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any 
Relevant Nominating Body; or (if no such recommendation has been made, or 
in the case of an Alternative Rate); 
(b) 
the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) determines (acting in 
good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner), is recognised or 
acknowledged as being the industry standard for over-the-counter derivative 
transactions which reference the Original Reference Rate, where such rate has 
been replaced by the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may 
be); (or if the Issuer determines that no such industry standard is recognised or 
acknowledged); or 
(c) 
the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) determines (acting in 
good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner)is customarily applied to 
the relevant Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as the case may be) in

--- Page 112 ---
112 
 
international debt capital market transactions to produce an industry-accepted 
replacement rate for the Original Reference Rate;; 
Alternative Rate means an alternative benchmark or screen rate which the 
Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) determines (acting in good faith and 
in a commercially reasonable manner) in accordance with Condition 3.4(b) (Successor 
Rate or Alternative Rate) is customary in market usage in the international debt capital 
markets for the purposes of determining rates of interest (or the relevant component 
part thereof) in the same Specified Currency as the Notes; 
Benchmark Amendments has the meaning given to it in Condition 3.4(d) (Benchmark 
Amendments); 
Benchmark Event means: 
(a) 
the Original Reference Rate ceasing be published for a period of at least 5 
Business Days or ceasing to exist; or 
(b) 
a public statement by the administrator of the Original Reference Rate that it 
will, by a specified date within the following six months, cease publishing the 
Original Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely (in circumstances where 
no successor administrator has been appointed that will continue publication 
of the Original Reference Rate); or 
(c) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate, that the Original Reference Rate has been or will, by a 
specified date within the following six months, be permanently or indefinitely 
discontinued; or 
(d) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate as a consequence of which the Original Reference Rate will be 
prohibited from being used either generally, or in respect of the Notes, in each 
case within the following six months; or 
(e) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate announcing that such Original Reference Rate is no longer 
representative of its relevant underlying market, within the following six 
months; or 
(f) 
it has become unlawful for, the Principal Paying Agent, any Paying Agent, the 
Calculation Agent, the Issuer or other party to calculate any payments due to 
be made to any Noteholder, Receiptholder or Couponholder using the Original 
Reference Rate, 
provided that in the case of sub-paragraphs (b), (c), (d) and (e) above, the Benchmark 
Event shall occur on the date of the cessation of publication of the Original Reference 
Rate, the discontinuation of the Original Reference Rate, or the prohibition of use of 
the Original Reference Rate, as the case may be, and not the date of the relevant public 
statement; 
Independent Adviser means an independent financial institution of international 
repute or an independent financial adviser with appropriate expertise appointed by the 
Issuer under Condition 3.4(a) (Independent Adviser);

--- Page 113 ---
113 
 
Original Reference Rate means the originally-specified benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable) used to determine the Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) on 
the Notes; 
Relevant Nominating Body means, in respect of a benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable): 
(a) 
the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable) relates, or any central bank or other supervisory authority which is 
responsible for supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate 
(as applicable); or 
(b) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or 
constituted at the request of (a) the central bank for the currency to which the 
benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) relates, (b) any central bank or other 
supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator of 
the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable), (c) a group of the aforementioned 
central banks or other supervisory authorities or (d) the Financial Stability 
Board or any part thereof; 
Successor Rate means the rate that the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as 
applicable) determines (acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) 
is a successor to or replacement of the Original Reference Rate which is formally 
recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body. 
3.5 
Change of Interest Basis 
If Change of Interest Basis is specified as applicable in the form of Final Terms, the interest 
payable in respect of the Notes will be calculated in accordance with Condition 3.1 or Condition 
3.3 above each applicable only for the relevant periods specified in the form of Final Terms. 
If Change of Interest Basis is specified as applicable in the form of Final Terms, and Issuer's 
Switch Option is also specified as applicable in the form of Final Terms, the Issuer may, on one 
or more occasions, as specified in the form of Final Terms, at its option (any such option, a 
Switch Option), having given notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 12 on or 
prior to the relevant Switch Option Expiry Date, change the Interest Basis of the Notes from 
Fixed Rate to Floating Rate or Floating Rate to Fixed Rate or as otherwise specified in the form 
of Final Terms with effect from (and including) the Switch Option Effective Date specified in 
the form of Final Terms to (but excluding) the Maturity Date (or, where more than one Switch 
Option Effective Date is specified in the form of Final Terms, up to and excluding the next 
following Switch Option Effective Date), provided that (A) the Switch Option may be exercised 
only in respect of all the outstanding Notes, (B) upon exercise of a Switch Option, the Interest 
Basis change will be effective form (and including) the relevant Switch Option Effective Date 
until the Maturity Date (or, where more than one Switch Option Effective Date is specified as 
applicable in the form of Final Terms, up to and excluding the next following Switch Option 
Effective Date to the extent the related Switch Option is exercised), and (C) where a Switch 
Option has not been exercised prior to the relevant Switch Option Expiry Date, the Issuer shall 
no longer be entitled to exercise such Switch Option and the Interest Basis shall not change. 
Switch Option Expiry Date and Switch Option Effective Date shall mean any date specified as 
such in the form of Final Terms provided that any date specified in the form of Final Terms as 
a Switch Option Effective Date shall be deemed as such subject to the exercise of the relevant 
Switch Option having been notified to the Issuer pursuant to this Condition and in accordance 
with Condition 12 prior to the relevant Switch Option Expiry Date.

--- Page 114 ---
114 
 
3.6 
Exempt Notes 
In the case of Exempt Notes which are also Floating Rate Notes where the applicable Pricing 
Supplement identifies that Screen Rate Determination applies to the calculation of interest, if 
the Reference Rate from time to time is specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement as being 
other than EURIBOR, the Rate of Interest in respect of such Exempt Notes will be determined 
as provided in the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
The rate or amount of interest payable in respect of Exempt Notes which are not also Fixed 
Rate Notes or Floating Rate Notes shall be determined in the manner specified in the applicable 
Pricing Supplement, provided that where such Notes are Index Linked Interest Notes the 
provisions of Condition 3.3 shall, save to the extent amended in the applicable Pricing 
Supplement, apply as if the references therein to Floating Rate Notes and to the Agent were 
references to Index Linked Interest Notes and the Calculation Agent, respectively, and provided 
further that the Calculation Agent will notify the Agent of the Rate of Interest for the relevant 
Interest Period as soon as practicable after calculating the same. 
In the case of Partly Paid Notes (other than Partly Paid Notes which are Zero Coupon Notes), 
interest will accrue as aforesaid on the paid up nominal amount of such Notes and otherwise as 
specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
Change of Interest Basis 
If Change of Interest Basis is specified as applicable in the applicable Pricing Supplement, the 
interest payable in respect of the Notes will be calculated in accordance with Condition 3.1 or 
Condition 3.3 above each applicable only for the relevant periods specified in the applicable 
Pricing Supplement. 
If Change of Interest Basis is specified as applicable in the applicable Pricing Supplement, and 
Issuer's Switch Option is also specified as applicable in the applicable Pricing Supplement, the 
Issuer may, on one or more occasions, as specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement, at its 
option (any such option, a Switch Option), having given notice to the Noteholders in accordance 
with Condition 12 on or prior to the relevant Switch Option Expiry Date, change the Interest 
Basis of the Notes from Fixed Rate to Floating Rate or Floating Rate to Fixed Rate or as 
otherwise specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement with effect from (and including) the 
Switch Option Effective Date specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement to (but excluding) 
the Maturity Date (or, where more than one Switch Option Effective Date is specified in the 
applicable Pricing Supplement, up to and excluding the next following Switch Option Effective 
Date), provided that (A) the Switch Option may be exercised only in respect of all the 
outstanding Notes, (B) upon exercise of a Switch Option, the Interest Basis change will be 
effective form (and including) the relevant Switch Option Effective Date until the Maturity 
Date (or, where more than one Switch Option Effective Date is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Pricing Supplement, up to and excluding the next following Switch Option Effective 
Date to the extent the related Switch Option is exercised), and (C) where a Switch Option has 
not been exercised prior to the relevant Switch Option Expiry Date, the Issuer shall no longer 
be entitled to exercise such Switch Option and the Interest Basis shall not change. 
Switch Option Expiry Date and Switch Option Effective Date shall mean any date specified as 
such in the applicable Pricing Supplement provided that any date specified in the applicable 
Pricing Supplement as a Switch Option Effective Date shall be deemed as such subject to the 
exercise of the relevant Switch Option having been notified to the Issuer pursuant to this 
Condition and in accordance with Condition 12 prior to the relevant Switch Option Expiry Date.

--- Page 115 ---
115 
 
3.7 
Accrual of interest 
Each Note (or in the case of the redemption of part only of a Note, that part only of such Note) 
will cease to bear interest (if any) from the date for its redemption unless payment of principal 
is improperly withheld or refused. In such event, interest will continue to accrue until whichever 
is the earlier of: 
(a) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Note have been paid; and 
(b) 
as provided in the Agency Agreement. 
4. 
PAYMENTS 
4.1 
Method of payment 
Subject as provided below: 
(a) 
payments in a Specified Currency other than euro will be made by credit or transfer to 
an account in the relevant Specified Currency maintained by the payee with a bank in 
the principal financial centre of the country of such Specified Currency (which, if the 
Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars, shall be Sydney and 
Auckland, respectively); and 
(b) 
payments will be made in euro by credit or transfer to a euro account (or any other 
account to which euro may be credited or transferred) specified by the payee. 
Payments will be subject in all cases to (i) any fiscal or other laws and regulations applicable 
thereto in the place of payment, but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 6 and (ii) 
any withholding or deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) 
of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code) or otherwise imposed 
pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or agreements thereunder, 
any official interpretations thereof, or any law implementing an intergovernmental approach 
thereto. 
4.2 
Presentation of definitive Notes, Receipts and Coupons 
Payments of principal in respect of definitive Notes will (subject as provided below) be made 
in the manner provided in Condition 4.1 above only against presentation and surrender (or, in 
the case of part payment of any sum due, endorsement) of definitive Notes, and payments of 
interest in respect of definitive Notes will (subject as provided below) be made as aforesaid 
only against presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, 
endorsement) of Coupons, in each case at the specified office of any Paying Agent outside the 
United States (which expression, as used herein, means the United States of America (including 
the States and the District of Columbia and its possessions)). 
Fixed Rate Notes in definitive form (other than Long Maturity Notes (as defined below)) and 
save as provided in Condition 4.4 should be presented for payment together with all unmatured 
Coupons appertaining thereto (which expression shall for this purpose include Coupons falling 
to be issued on exchange of matured Talons), failing which the amount of any missing 
unmatured Coupon (or, in the case of payment not being made in full, the same proportion of 
the amount of such missing unmatured Coupon as the sum so paid bears to the sum due) will 
be deducted from the sum due for payment. Each amount of principal so deducted will be paid 
in the manner mentioned above against surrender of the relative missing Coupon at any time 
before the expiry of 10 years after the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 6) in respect of

--- Page 116 ---
116 
 
such principal (whether or not such Coupon would otherwise have become void under 
Condition 7) or, if later, five years from the date on which such Coupon would otherwise have 
become due, but in no event thereafter. 
Upon any Fixed Rate Note in definitive form becoming due and repayable prior to its Maturity 
Date, all unmatured Talons (if any) appertaining thereto will become void and no further 
Coupons will be issued in respect thereof. 
Upon the date on which any Floating Rate Note or Long Maturity Note in definitive form 
becomes due and repayable, unmatured Coupons and Talons (if any) relating thereto (whether 
or not attached) shall become void and no payment or, as the case may be, exchange for further 
Coupons shall be made in respect thereof. A Long Maturity Note is a Fixed Rate Note (other 
than a Fixed Rate Note which on issue had a Talon attached) whose nominal amount on issue 
is less than the aggregate interest payable thereon provided that such Note shall cease to be a 
Long Maturity Note on the Interest Payment Date on which the aggregate amount of interest 
remaining to be paid after that date is less than the nominal amount of such Note. 
If the due date for redemption of any definitive Note is not an Interest Payment Date, interest 
(if any) accrued in respect of such Note from (and including) the preceding Interest Payment 
Date or, as the case may be, the Interest Commencement Date shall be payable only against 
surrender of the relevant definitive Note. 
4.3 
Payments in respect of Global Notes 
Payments of principal and interest (if any) in respect of Notes represented by any Global Note 
will (subject as provided below) be made in the manner specified above in relation to definitive 
Notes or otherwise in the manner specified in the relevant Global Note, where applicable 
against presentation or surrender, as the case may be, of such Global Note at the specified office 
of any Paying Agent outside the United States. A record of each payment made, distinguishing 
between any payment of principal and any payment of interest, will be made either on such 
Global Note by the Paying Agent to which it was presented or in the records of Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable. 
4.4 
Specific provisions in relation to payments in respect of certain types of Exempt Notes 
Payments of instalments of principal (if any) in respect of definitive Notes, other than the final 
instalment, will (subject as provided below) be made in the manner provided in Condition 4.1 
above only against presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, 
endorsement) of the relevant Receipt in accordance with the preceding paragraph. Payment of 
the final instalment will be made in the manner provided in Condition 4.1 above only against 
presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, endorsement) of the 
relevant Note in accordance with the preceding paragraph. Each Receipt must be presented for 
payment of the relevant instalment together with the definitive Note to which it appertains. 
Receipts presented without the definitive Note to which they appertain do not constitute valid 
obligations of the Issuer. Upon the date on which any definitive Note becomes due and 
repayable, unmatured Receipts (if any) relating thereto (whether or not attached) shall become 
void and no payment shall be made in respect thereof. 
Upon the date on which any Dual Currency Note or Index Linked Note in definitive form 
becomes due and repayable, unmatured Coupons and Talons (if any) relating thereto (whether 
or not attached) shall become void and no payment or, as the case may be, exchange for further 
Coupons shall be made in respect thereof.

--- Page 117 ---
117 
 
4.5 
General provisions applicable to payments 
The holder of a Global Note shall be the only person entitled to receive payments in respect of 
Notes represented by such Global Note and the Issuer will be discharged by payment to, or to 
the order of, the holder of such Global Note in respect of each amount so paid. Each of the 
persons shown in the records of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as the beneficial holder 
of a particular nominal amount of Notes represented by such Global Note must look solely to 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, for his share of each payment so 
made by the Issuer to, or to the order of, the holder of such Global Note. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Condition, if any amount of principal and/or 
interest in respect of Notes is payable in U.S. dollars, such U.S. dollar payments of principal 
and/or interest in respect of such Notes will be made at the specified office of a Paying Agent 
in the United States if: 
(a) 
the Issuer has appointed Paying Agents with specified offices outside the United States 
with the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents would be able to make 
payment in U.S. dollars at such specified offices outside the United States of the full 
amount of principal and interest on the Notes in the manner provided above when due; 
(b) 
payment of the full amount of such principal and interest at all such specified offices 
outside the United States is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or 
other similar restrictions on the full payment or receipt of principal and interest in U.S. 
dollars; and 
(c) 
such payment is then permitted under United States law without involving, in the 
opinion of the Issuer, adverse tax consequences to the Issuer. 
4.6 
Payment Day 
If the date for payment of any amount in respect of any Note, Receipt or Coupon is not a 
Payment Day, the holder thereof shall not be entitled to payment until the next following 
Payment Day in the relevant place and shall not be entitled to further interest or other payment 
in respect of such delay. For these purposes, Payment Day means any day which (subject to 
Condition 7) is: 
(a) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and 
are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign 
currency deposits): 
(i) 
in the case of Notes in definitive form only, in the relevant place of 
presentation; and 
(ii) 
in each Additional Financial Centre specified in the form of Final Terms; and 
(b) 
either (1) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day 
on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are 
open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in the principal financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified 
Currency (which if the Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars 
shall be Sydney or Auckland, respectively) or (2) in relation to any sum payable in 
euro, a day on which the TARGET2 System is open.

--- Page 118 ---
118 
 
4.7 
Interpretation of principal and interest 
Any reference in the Conditions to principal in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to include, 
as applicable: 
(a) 
any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to principal under 
Condition 6; 
(b) 
the Final Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(c) 
the Early Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(d) 
the Optional Redemption Amount(s) (if any) of the Notes; 
(e) 
in relation to Exempt Notes redeemable in instalments, the Instalment Amounts; and 
(f) 
any premium and any other amounts (other than interest) which may be payable by the 
Issuer under or in respect of the Notes. 
Any reference in the Conditions to interest in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to include, 
as applicable, any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to interest under 
Condition 6. 
5. 
REDEMPTION AND PURCHASE 
5.1 
Redemption at maturity 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as specified below, each Note will be 
redeemed by the Issuer (i) at least at par in case of Fixed Rate Notes, Reset Notes, Floating 
Rate Notes and Zero Coupon Notes, as specified in the form of Final Terms in the relevant 
Specified Currency and on the Maturity Date specified in the form of Final Terms (ii) in the 
case of Exempt Notes, at its Final Redemption Amount specified in the applicable Pricing 
Supplement in the relevant Specified Currency on the Maturity Date specified in the applicable 
Pricing Supplement. 
5.2 
Redemption for tax reasons 
Subject to Condition 5.7, the Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer (but subject, in 
the case of Senior Notes and Non-Preferred Senior Notes, to the provisions of Condition 5.13 
and, in the case of Subordinated Notes, to the provisions of Condition 5.14) in whole, but not 
in part, at any time (if this Note is not a Floating Rate Note) or on any Interest Payment Date 
(if this Note is a Floating Rate Note), on giving not less than the minimum period nor more 
than the maximum period of notice specified in the form of Final Terms to the Principal Paying 
Agent and, in accordance with Condition 12, the Noteholders (which notice shall be 
irrevocable), if: 
(a) 
on the occasion of the next payment due under the Notes (in the case of Subordinated 
Notes, in respect of payments of interest only), the Issuer has or will become obliged 
to pay additional amounts as provided or referred to in Condition 6 as a result of any 
change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of (or applicable in) a Tax 
Jurisdiction (as defined in Condition 6), or any change in the application or official 
interpretation of such laws or regulations, which change or amendment becomes 
effective on or after the date on which agreement is reached to issue the first Tranche 
of the Notes, provided that in the case of any redemption of Subordinated Notes

--- Page 119 ---
119 
 
proposed to be made prior to the fifth anniversary of the Issue Date, under the relevant 
Regulatory Capital Requirements (as defined in Condition 5.14) the Issuer 
demonstrates to the satisfaction of the relevant Competent Authority that such change 
or amendment is material and was not reasonably foreseeable by the Issuer as at the 
date of the issue of the first tranche of the relevant Subordinated Notes; and 
(b) 
such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures available 
to it, 
provided that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than 90 days prior to the 
earliest date on which the Issuer would be obliged to pay such additional amounts were a 
payment in respect of the Notes then due. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition, the Issuer shall 
deliver to the Principal Paying Agent to make available at its specified office to the Noteholders 
(i) a certificate signed by two authorised signatories of the Issuer stating that the Issuer is 
entitled to effect such redemption and setting forth a statement of facts showing that the 
conditions precedent to the right of the Issuer so to redeem have occurred and (ii) an opinion of 
independent legal advisers of recognised standing to the effect that the Issuer has or will become 
obliged to pay such additional amounts as a result of such change or amendment and the 
Principal Paying Agent shall be entitled to accept such documents as sufficient evidence of the 
satisfaction of the conditions precedent set out above, in which event it shall be conclusive and 
binding on the Noteholders, the Receiptholders and the Couponholders. 
Upon the expiry of any such notice as is referred to in this Condition 5.2, the Issuer shall be 
bound to redeem the Notes in accordance with this Condition 5.2. Notes redeemed pursuant to 
this Condition 5.2 will be redeemed at their Early Redemption Amount referred to in Condition 
5.7 below together (if appropriate) with interest accrued to (but excluding) the date of 
redemption.  
5.3 
Redemption for regulatory reasons (Regulatory Call) 
This Condition 5.3 applies only to Notes specified in the form of Final Terms as being 
Subordinated Notes. 
If Regulatory Call is specified in the form of Final Terms, the Notes may be redeemed at the 
option of the Issuer (subject to the provisions of Condition 5.14), in whole, but not in part, at 
any time (if the Note is neither a Floating Rate Note, an Index Linked Interest Note nor a Dual 
Currency Interest Note) or on any Interest Payment Date (if the Note is either a Floating Rate 
Note, an Index Linked Interest Note or a Dual Currency Interest Note), on giving not less than 
15 nor more than 30 days’ notice to the Principal Paying Agent and, in accordance with 
Condition 13, the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable), if there is a change in the 
regulatory classification of the Subordinated Notes that would be likely to result in their 
exclusion from “Tier 2” capital at individual or consolidated basis (in whole or in part), 
provided that, in case of exclusion in part, such exclusion is not as a result of amortisation or 
any limits on the amount of “Tier 2” capital applicable to the Issuer. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition, the Issuer shall 
deliver or procure that there is delivered to the Principal Paying Agent a certificate signed by 
two authorised signatories of the Issuer stating that the Issuer is entitled to effect such 
redemption and setting forth a statement of facts showing that the conditions precedent to the 
right of the Issuer so to redeem have occurred and the Principal Paying Agent shall be entitled 
to accept such certificate as sufficient evidence of the satisfaction of the conditions precedent

--- Page 120 ---
120 
 
set out above, in which event it shall be conclusive and binding on the Noteholders, the 
Receiptholders and the Couponholders. 
Upon the expiry of any such notice as is referred to in this Condition 5.3, the Issuer shall be 
bound to redeem the Notes in accordance with this Condition 5.3. Notes redeemed pursuant to 
this Condition 5.3 will be redeemed at their Early Redemption Amount referred to in Condition 
5.7 below together (if appropriate) with interest accrued to (but excluding) the date of 
redemption. 
5.4 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Call) 
This Condition 5.4 applies to Notes which are subject to redemption prior to the Maturity Date 
at the option of the Issuer (other than for taxation reasons or for regulatory reasons), such option 
being referred to as an Issuer Call.  The form of Final Terms contains provisions applicable to 
any Issuer Call and must be read in conjunction with this Condition 5.4 for full information on 
any Issuer Call.  In particular, the form of Final Terms will identify the Optional Redemption 
Date(s), the Optional Redemption Amount, any minimum or maximum amount of Notes which 
can be redeemed and the applicable notice periods. 
If Issuer Call is specified as being applicable in the form of Final Terms, the Issuer may (subject 
to, in the case of Senior Notes and Non-Preferred Senior Notes, Condition 5.13 and, in the case 
of Subordinated Notes, the provisions of Condition 5.14), having given not less than the 
minimum period nor more than the maximum period of notice specified in the form of Final 
Terms to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 12 (which notice shall be irrevocable 
and shall specify the date fixed for redemption), redeem all or some only of the Notes then 
outstanding on any Optional Redemption Date and at the Optional Redemption Amount(s) 
specified in the form of Final Terms together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but 
excluding) the relevant Optional Redemption Date.  Any such redemption must be of a nominal 
amount not less than the Minimum Redemption Amount and not more than the Maximum 
Redemption Amount, in each case as may be specified in the form of Final Terms.  
The Optional Redemption Amount will either be the specified percentage of the nominal 
amount of the Notes stated in the form of Final Terms or, if a Make-whole Amount is specified 
in the form of Final Terms, will be an amount calculated by the Issuer (or by an agent appointed 
by the Issuer to calculate the amount on its behalf) equal to the higher of: 
(a) 
100 per cent. of the nominal amount of the Notes to be redeemed; or 
(b) 
the sum of the present values of the nominal amount of the Notes to be redeemed and 
the Remaining Term Interest on such Notes (exclusive of interest accrued to the 
Optional Redemption Date) discounted to the Optional Redemption Date on an annual 
basis (based on the actual number of days elapsed divided by 365 or (in the case of a 
leap year) 366) at the Reference Bond Rate (as defined below), plus the specified 
Redemption Margin, 
plus in each case, for the avoidance of doubt, any interest accrued on the Notes to, but 
excluding, the Optional Redemption Date. 
In the Conditions: 
FA Selected Bond means a government security or securities selected by the Financial Adviser 
as having an actual or interpolated maturity comparable with the remaining term of the Notes 
that would be utilised, at the time of selection and in accordance with customary financial

--- Page 121 ---
121 
 
practice, in pricing new issues of corporate debt securities denominated in the same currency 
as the Notes and of a comparable maturity to the remaining term of the Notes; 
Financial Adviser means an independent and internationally recognised financial adviser 
selected by the Issuer; 
Redemption Margin shall be as set out in the form of Final Terms; 
Reference Bond shall be as set out in the form of Final Terms or the FA Selected Bond; 
Reference Bond Price means, with respect to the Optional Redemption Date, (a) the arithmetic 
average of the Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations for such date of redemption, 
after excluding the highest and lowest such Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations, or 
(b) if the Agent obtains fewer than four such Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations, 
the arithmetic average of all such quotations; 
Reference Bond Rate means, with respect to the Optional Redemption Date, the rate per 
annum equal to the annual or semi-annual yield (as the case may be) to maturity or interpolated 
yield to maturity (on the relevant day count basis) of the Reference Bond, assuming a price for 
the Reference Bond (expressed as a percentage of its nominal amount) equal to the Reference 
Bond Price for such Optional Redemption Date; 
Reference Government Bond Dealer means each of the five banks selected by the Issuer, or 
their affiliates, which are (a) primary government securities dealers, and their respective 
successors, or (b) market makers in pricing corporate bond issues; 
Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations means, with respect to each Reference 
Government Bond Dealer and the Optional Redemption Date, the arithmetic average, as 
determined by the Agent, of the bid and offered prices for the Reference Bond (expressed in 
each case as a percentage of its nominal amount) at the Quotation Time specified in the form 
of Final Terms on the Reference Date quoted in writing to the Agent by such Reference 
Government Bond Dealer; and 
Remaining Term Interest means, with respect to any Note, the aggregate amount of scheduled 
payment(s) of interest on such Note for the remaining term of such Note determined on the 
basis of the rate of interest applicable to such Note from and including the Optional Redemption 
Date. 
All notifications, opinions, determinations, certifications, calculations, quotations and decisions 
given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of this Condition 5.4 by the Issuer (or by 
an agent appointed by the Issuer to calculate the amount on its behalf), shall (in the absence of 
manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the Paying Agents and all Noteholders and 
Couponholders and (in the absence of wilful misconduct, gross negligence or fraud) no liability 
to the Issuer, the Noteholders, the Receiptholders or the Couponholders shall attach to the 
Principal Paying Agent. 
In the case of a partial redemption of Notes, the Notes to be redeemed (Redeemed Notes) will, 
subject to compliance with applicable law, be selected individually by lot, in the case of 
Redeemed Notes represented by definitive Notes, and in accordance with the rules of Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (to be reflected in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg as either a pool factor or a reduction in nominal amount, at their discretion) in the 
case of Redeemed Notes represented by a Global Note, not more than 30 days prior to the date 
fixed for redemption (such date of selection being hereinafter called the Selection Date). In the 
case of Redeemed Notes represented by definitive Notes, a list of the serial numbers of such

--- Page 122 ---
122 
 
Redeemed Notes will be published in accordance with Condition 12 not less than 15 days prior 
to the date fixed for redemption. No exchange of the relevant Global Note will be permitted 
during the period from (and including) the Selection Date to (and including) the date fixed for 
redemption pursuant to this Condition 5.4 and notice to that effect shall be given by the Issuer 
to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 12 at least five days prior to the Selection 
Date. 
5.5 
Redemption at the option of the Noteholders (Investor Put) 
This Condition 5.5 applies only to Notes specified in the form of Final Terms as being Senior 
Notes or Non-Preferred Senior Notes. 
This Condition 5.5 applies to Notes which are subject to redemption prior to the Maturity Date 
at the option of the Noteholder, such option being referred to as an Investor Put.  The form of 
Final Terms contains provisions applicable to any Investor Put and must be read in conjunction 
with this Condition 5.5 for full information on any Investor Put.  In particular, the form of Final 
Terms will identify the Optional Redemption Date(s), the Optional Redemption Amount and 
the applicable notice periods. 
If Investor Put is specified as being applicable in the form of Final Terms, upon the holder of 
any Note giving to the Issuer in accordance with Condition 12 not less than the minimum period 
nor more than the maximum period of notice specified in the form of Final Terms, the Issuer 
will, upon the expiry of such notice, redeem such Note on the Optional Redemption Date and 
at the Optional Redemption Amount together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but 
excluding) the Optional Redemption Date.  
To exercise the right to require redemption of this Note the holder of this Note must, if this 
Note is in definitive form and held outside Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, deliver, at 
the specified office of any Paying Agent at any time during normal business hours of such 
Paying Agent falling within the notice period, a duly completed and signed notice of exercise 
in the form (for the time being current) obtainable from any specified office of any Paying 
Agent (a Put Notice) and in which the holder must specify a bank account to which payment 
is to be made under this Condition the Put Notice must be accompanied by this Note or evidence 
satisfactory to the Paying Agent concerned that this Note will, following delivery of the Put 
Notice, be held to its order or under its control. 
If this Note is represented by a Global Note or is in definitive form and held through Euroclear 
or Clearstream, Luxembourg, to exercise the right to require redemption of this Note the holder 
of this Note must, within the notice period, give notice to the Principal Paying Agent of such 
exercise in accordance with the standard procedures of Euroclear, and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg (which may include notice being given on his instruction by Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or any common depositary or common safekeeper, as the case may 
be for them to the Principal Paying Agent by electronic means) in a form acceptable to 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg from time to time. 
Any Put Notice or other notice given in accordance with the standard procedures of Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg by a holder of any Note pursuant to this Condition 5.5 shall be 
irrevocable except where, prior to the due date of redemption, an Event of Default has occurred 
and in which event such holder, at its option, may elect by notice to the Issuer to withdraw the 
notice given pursuant to this Condition 5.5 and instead to declare such Note forthwith due and 
payable pursuant to Condition 8.

--- Page 123 ---
123 
 
5.6 
Issuer Call due to MREL Disqualification Event 
This Condition 5.6 applies only to Notes specified in the form of Final Terms as being Senior 
Notes or Non-Preferred Senior Notes. 
In respect of any Series of Senior Notes or Non-Preferred Senior Notes where Issuer Call due 
to MREL Disqualification Event is specified as being applicable in the form of Final Terms, 
then the Issuer may (subject to the provisions of Condition 5.13) on any Interest Payment Date 
(if the Note is a Floating Rate Note), or at any time (if the Note is not a Floating Rate Note), on 
giving not less than the minimum period nor more than the maximum period of notice specified 
in the form of Final Terms to the Principal Paying Agent and, in accordance with Condition 12 
(which notice shall be irrevocable), the Noteholders, redeem all (but not some only) of the 
Notes then outstanding at their Early Redemption Amount as described in Condition 5.7 below 
(if appropriate) with interest accrued to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption, if the 
Issuer determines that a MREL Disqualification Event has occurred and is continuing. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition, the Issuer shall 
deliver or procure that there is delivered to the Principal Paying Agent a certificate signed by 
two authorised signatories of the Issuer stating that the Issuer is entitled to effect such 
redemption and setting forth a statement of facts showing that the conditions precedent to the 
right of the Issuer so to redeem have occurred and the Principal Paying Agent shall be entitled 
to accept such certificate as sufficient evidence of the satisfaction of the conditions precedent 
set out above, in which event it shall be conclusive and binding on the Noteholders, the 
Receiptholders and the Couponholders. 
Upon the expiry of any such notice as is referred to in this Condition 5.6, the Issuer shall be 
bound to redeem the Notes in accordance with this Condition 5.6. Notes redeemed pursuant to 
this Condition 5.6 will be redeemed at their Early Redemption Amount referred to in Condition 
5.7 below together (if appropriate) with interest accrued to (but excluding) the date of 
redemption. 
5.7 
Early Redemption Amounts 
For the purpose of Condition 5.2, Condition 5.3, Condition 5.6 above and Condition 8:  
(a) 
each Note (other than a Zero Coupon Note) will be redeemed at its Early Redemption 
Amount; and 
(b) 
each Zero Coupon Note will be redeemed at its Early Redemption Amount calculated 
in accordance with the following formula: 
Early Redemption Amount = RP x (1 + AY)y 
where: 
RP 
means the Reference Price; 
AY 
means the Accrual Yield expressed as a decimal; and 
y 
is the Day Count Fraction specified in the form of Final Terms which will be either (i) 
30/360 (in which case the numerator will be equal to the number of days (calculated on 
the basis of a 360-day year consisting of 12 months of 30 days each) from (and 
including) the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes to (but excluding) the date 
fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon which such Note becomes

--- Page 124 ---
124 
 
due and repayable and the denominator will be 360) or (ii) Actual/360 (in which case 
the numerator will be equal to the actual number of days from (and including) the Issue 
Date of the first Tranche of the Notes to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption 
or (as the case may be) the date upon which such Note becomes due and repayable and 
the denominator will be 360) or (iii) Actual/365 (in which case the numerator will be 
equal to the actual number of days from (and including) the Issue Date of the first 
Tranche of the Notes to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the case 
may be) the date upon which such Note becomes due and repayable and the 
denominator will be 365).  
5.8 
Specific redemption provisions applicable to certain types of Exempt Notes 
The Final Redemption Amount, any Optional Redemption Amount and the Early Redemption 
Amount in respect of Index Linked Redemption Notes and Dual Currency Redemption Notes 
may be specified in, or determined in the manner specified in, the applicable Pricing 
Supplement. For the purposes of Condition 5.2, Index Linked Interest Notes and Dual Currency 
Interest Notes may be redeemed only on an Interest Payment Date.  
Instalment Notes will be redeemed in the Instalment Amounts and on the Instalment Dates 
specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement. In the case of early redemption, the Early 
Redemption Amount of Instalment Notes will be determined in the manner specified in the 
applicable Pricing Supplement. 
Partly Paid Notes will be redeemed, whether at maturity, early redemption or otherwise, in 
accordance with the provisions of this Condition and the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
5.9 
Purchases 
Subject to Condition 5.13 in respect of Senior Notes and Non-Preferred Senior Notes and 
Condition 5.14 in respect of Subordinated Notes, the Issuer or any of its subsidiaries may 
purchase Notes (provided that, in the case of definitive Notes, all unmatured Receipts, Coupons 
and Talons appertaining thereto are purchased therewith) at any price in the open market or 
otherwise. If purchases are made by tender, tenders must be available to all Noteholders alike. 
Such Notes may be held, reissued, resold or, at the option of the purchaser, surrendered to any 
Paying Agent for cancellation. 
Subordinated Notes may only be purchased by the Issuer or any of its subsidiaries, provided 
that and to the extent permitted by the relevant Regulatory Capital Requirements (as defined in 
Condition 5.14) at the relevant time the Notes to be purchased (a) do not exceed the lower of 
(i) 10 per cent. (or any other threshold as may be requested or required by the Competent 
Authority from time to time) of the aggregate nominal amount of the relevant Series of the 
Subordinated Notes and (ii) 3 per cent. (or any other threshold as may be requested or required 
by the Competent Authority from time to time) of the aggregate nominal amount of the 
Subordinated Notes qualified on issue as "Tier 2 capital" for regulatory capital purposes of the 
Issuer from time to time outstanding and (b) are not purchased in order to be surrendered to any 
Paying Agent for cancellation.  
5.10 
Cancellation 
All Notes which are redeemed will forthwith be cancelled (together with all unmatured 
Receipts, Coupons and Talons attached thereto or surrendered therewith at the time of 
redemption). All Notes so cancelled and any Notes purchased and cancelled pursuant to 
Condition 5.9 above (together with all unmatured Receipts, Coupons and Talons cancelled 
therewith) shall be forwarded to the Principal Paying Agent and cannot be reissued or resold.

--- Page 125 ---
125 
 
5.11 
Late payment on Zero Coupon Notes 
If the amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note upon redemption of such Zero 
Coupon Note pursuant to Condition 5.1, 5.2, 5.3, 5.4 or 5.5 above or upon its becoming due 
and repayable as provided in Condition 8 is improperly withheld or refused, the amount due 
and repayable in respect of such Zero Coupon Note shall be the amount calculated as provided 
in Condition 5.7(b) above as though the references therein to the date fixed for the redemption 
or the date upon which such Zero Coupon Note becomes due and payable were replaced by 
references to the date which is the earlier of: 
(a) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Zero Coupon Note have been paid; 
and 
(b) 
five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in respect of 
such Zero Coupon Notes has been received by the Principal Paying Agent and notice 
to that effect has been given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 12. 
5.12 
Italian Civil Code 
The Notes are not subject to Article 1186 of the Italian Civil Code nor, to the extent applicable, 
to Article 1819 of the Italian Civil Code. 
5.13 
Conditions to Early Redemption and Purchase of Senior Notes and Non-Preferred Senior 
Notes 
Any redemption or purchase of Senior Notes and Non-Preferred Senior Notes in accordance 
with Conditions 5.2, 5.4, 5.6 or 5.9 or Condition 13 (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any 
modification or variation in accordance with Condition 13) is subject to compliance by the 
Issuer with any conditions to such redemption or repurchase prescribed by the MREL 
Requirements at the relevant time (including any requirements applicable to such redemption 
or repurchase due to the qualification of such Senior Notes or Non-Preferred Senior Notes at 
such time as eligible liabilities available to meet the MREL Requirements) and, including, as 
relevant, the condition that the Issuer has obtained the prior permission of the Relevant 
Resolution Authority in accordance with Article 78a of the CRR, where one of the following 
conditions is met: 
(a) 
on or before such call, redemption, repayment or repurchase (as applicable), the Issuer 
replaces the relevant Notes with own funds instruments or eligible liabilities 
instruments of equal or higher quality at terms that are sustainable for its income 
capacity; or 
(b) 
the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Relevant Resolution Authority 
that its own funds and eligible liabilities would, following such call, redemption, 
repayment or repurchase, exceed the requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities 
laid down in the Regulatory Capital Requirements by a margin that the Relevant 
Resolution Authority, in agreement with the Competent Authority, considers 
necessary; or 
(c) 
the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Relevant Resolution Authority 
that the partial or full replacement of the relevant Notes with own funds instruments is 
necessary to ensure compliance with the own funds requirements laid down in the 
Regulatory Capital Requirements for continuing authorisation,

--- Page 126 ---
126 
 
subject in any event to any different conditions or requirements as may be applicable from time 
to time under the Regulatory Capital Requirements. 
The Relevant Resolution Authority may grant a general prior permission, for a specified period 
which shall not exceed one year, to redeem or purchase (including for market making purposes) 
Senior Notes or Non-Preferred Senior Notes, in the limit of a predetermined amount, subject to 
criteria that ensure that any such redemption or purchase will be in accordance with the 
conditions set out in sub-paragraphs (a) or (b) of the preceding paragraph. 
5.14 
Conditions to Early Redemption and Purchase of Subordinated Notes 
Any redemption or purchase of Subordinated Notes in accordance with Condition 5.2, 5.3, 5.4 
or 5.9 or Condition 13 (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any modification or variation in 
accordance with Condition 13) is subject to compliance with the then applicable Regulatory 
Capital Requirements, including, as relevant, for the avoidance of doubt: 
(a) 
the Issuer giving notice to the relevant Competent Authority and such Competent 
Authority granting prior permission to redeem or purchase the relevant Subordinated 
Notes (in each case to the extent and in the manner required by the relevant Regulatory 
Capital Requirements, including Articles 77 and 78 of CRR, as amended or replaced 
from time to time), where either: 
(i) 
on or before such redemption or purchase (as applicable), the Issuer having 
replaced the Notes with own funds instruments of equal or higher quality at 
terms that are sustainable for the income capacity of the Issuer; or 
(ii) 
the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Competent Authority that 
its own funds and eligible liabilities would, following such repayment or 
purchase, exceed the minimum requirements (including any capital buffer 
requirements) required under the Regulatory Capital Requirements by a 
margin that the Competent Authority considers necessary at such time; and 
(b) 
in respect of a call, redemption repayment or repurchase prior to the fifth anniversary 
of the Issue Date of the relevant Subordinated Notes, if and to the extent required under 
Article 78(4) of the CRR or the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No. 241/2014 
of 7 January 2014: 
(i) 
in the case of redemption pursuant to Condition 5.2 (Redemption for tax 
reasons), the Issuer having demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Competent 
Authority that the change in the applicable tax treatment of the Subordinated 
Notes is material and was not reasonably foreseeable as at the Issue Date; or 
(ii) 
in case of redemption pursuant to Condition 5.3 (Redemption for regulatory 
reasons (Regulatory Call)), if there is a change in the regulatory classification 
of the Subordinated Notes that would be likely to result in their exclusion from 
“Tier 2” capital at individual or consolidated basis (in whole or in part), 
provided that, in case of exclusion in part, such exclusion is not as a result of 
amortisation or any limits on the amount of “Tier 2” capital applicable to the 
Issuer and, in respect of any redemption of the relevant Subordinated Notes 
proposed to be made prior to the fifth anniversary of the Issue Date, both of the 
following conditions are met: (i) the Competent Authority considers such a 
change to be sufficiently certain and (ii) the Issuer demonstrates to the 
satisfaction of the Competent Authority that the change in the regulatory

--- Page 127 ---
127 
 
classification of the Subordinated Notes was not reasonably foreseeable by the 
Issuer as at the date of the issue of the relevant Subordinated Notes; or 
(iii) 
on or before such redemption or repurchase (as applicable), the Issuer having 
replaced the Notes with own funds instruments of equal or higher quality at 
terms that are sustainable for the income capacity of the Issuer and the 
Competent Authority having permitted that action on the basis of the 
determination that it would be beneficial from a prudential point of view and 
justified by exceptional circumstances; or 
(iv) 
the Notes being repurchased for market making purposes, 
subject in any event to any alternative or additional conditions or requirements as may 
be applicable from time to time under the Regulatory Capital Requirements for the time 
being. 
The Competent Authority may grant a general prior permission, for a specified period which 
shall not exceed one year, to redeem or purchase (including for market making purposes) the 
Subordinated Notes, in the limit of a predetermined amount, which shall not exceed the lower 
of (i) 10 per cent. (or any other threshold as may be requested or required by the Competent 
Authority from time to time) of the aggregate nominal amount of the relevant Series of the 
Subordinated Notes and (ii) 3 per cent. (or any other threshold as may be requested or required 
by the Competent Authority from time to time) of the outstanding aggregate nominal amount 
of the Tier 2 instruments of the Issuer at the relevant time, subject to criteria that ensure that 
any such redemption or purchase will be in accordance with the conditions set out at letters (i) 
or (ii) of sub-paragraph (a) of the preceding paragraph. 
As used in these Conditions: 
BRRD means Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 May 
2014 establishing a framework for the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and 
investment firms, as amended or replaced from time to time (including by the BRRD II); 
BRRD II means Directive (EU) 2019/879 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 
May 2019 amending Directive 2014/59/EU as regards the loss-absorbing and recapitalisation 
capacity of credit institutions and investment firms and Directive 98/26/EC; 
Competent Authority means the Bank of Italy and/or, to the extent applicable in any relevant 
situation, the European Central Bank or any successor or replacement entity to either, or other 
authority having primary responsibility for the prudential oversight and supervision of the 
Issuer. 
CRD IV Package means, taken together (i) the CRD IV Directive, (ii) the CRR and (iii) the 
Future Capital Instruments Regulations; 
CRD IV Directive means Directive 2013/36/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council 
of 26 June 2013 on access to the activity of credit institutions and the prudential supervision of 
credit institutions and investment firms, amending Directive 2002/87/EC and repealing 
Directives 2006/48/EC and 2006/49/EC, as amended or replaced from time to time (including 
by the CRD V Directive); 
CRD V Directive means the Directive (EU) 2019/878 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 20 May 2019 amending Directive 2013/36/EU as regards exempted entities, 
financial holding companies, mixed financial holding companies, remuneration, supervisory

--- Page 128 ---
128 
 
measures and powers and capital conservation measures, as amended or replaced from time to 
time; 
CRR means Regulation (EU) No. 2013/575 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 
26 June 2013 on prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment firms and 
amending Regulation (EU) No. 648/2012, as amended or replaced from time to time (including 
by the CRR II); 
CRR II means Regulation (EU) 2019/876 of the of the European Parliament and of the Council 
of 20 May 2019 amending Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 as regards the leverage ratio, the net 
stable funding ratio, requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities, counterparty credit risk, 
market risk, exposures to collective investment undertakings, large exposures, reporting and 
disclosure requirements, and Regulation (EU) No 648/2022, as amended or replaced from time 
to time; 
Future Capital Instruments Regulations means any regulatory capital rules or regulations 
introduced after the Issue Date by the Competent Authority or which are otherwise applicable 
to the Issuer (on a solo or, if relevant, consolidated basis), which prescribe (alone or in 
conjunction with any other rules or regulations) the requirements to be fulfilled by financial 
instruments for their inclusion in the Own Funds of the Issuer (on a consolidated basis) to the 
extent required by (i) the CRR or (ii) the CRD IV Directive; 
Group or Banca Mediolanum Group means the Banca Mediolanum Banking Group, 
registered with the Register of Banking Groups held by the Bank of Italy pursuant to Article 64 
of the Italian Consolidated Banking Act, under number 3062; 
Group Entity means the Issuer and any legal person that is part of the Banca Mediolanum 
Group; 
Loss Absorption Power means any statutory write-down and/or conversion power existing 
from time to time under any laws, regulations, rules or requirements, whether relating to the 
resolution or independent of any resolution action, of credit institutions, investment firms 
and/or Group Entities incorporated in the relevant Member State in effect and applicable in the 
relevant Member State to the Issuer or other Group Entities , including (but not limited to) any 
such laws, regulations, rules or requirements that are implemented, adopted or enacted within 
the context of any European Union directive or regulation of the European Parliament and of 
the Council establishing a framework for the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and 
investment firms and/or within the context of a relevant Member State resolution regime or 
otherwise, pursuant to which liabilities of a credit institution, investment firm and/or any Group 
Entities can be reduced, cancelled and/or converted into shares or obligations of the obligor or 
any other person;  
MREL Disqualification Event means that at any time, all or part of the aggregate outstanding 
nominal amount of such Series of Senior Notes or Non-Preferred Senior Notes is or will be 
excluded fully or partially from eligible liabilities available to meet the MREL Requirements, 
provided that: (a) the exclusion of a Series of Senior Notes or of Non-Preferred Senior Notes 
from the MREL Requirements due to the remaining maturity of such Senior Notes or Non-
Preferred Senior Notes being less than any period prescribed thereunder, does not constitute an 
MREL Disqualification Event; (b) the exclusion of all or some of a Series of Senior Notes from 
the MREL Requirements due to there being insufficient headroom for such Senior Notes within 
a prescribed exception to the otherwise applicable general requirements for eligible liabilities 
does not constitute an MREL Disqualification Event; and (c) the exclusion of all or some of a 
Series of Senior Notes or Non-Preferred Senior Notes from MREL Requirements as a result of

--- Page 129 ---
129 
 
such Notes being purchased by or on behalf of the Issuer or as a result of a purchase which is 
funded directly or indirectly by the Issuer, does not constitute an MREL Disqualification Event; 
MREL Requirements means the laws, regulations, requirements, guidelines, rules, standards 
and policies relating to minimum requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities and/or loss-
absorbing capacity instruments applicable to the Issuer and/or the Banca Mediolanum Group, 
from time to time, (including any applicable transitional provisions), including, without 
limitation to the generality of the foregoing, any delegated or implementing acts (such as 
regulatory technical standards) adopted by the European Commission and any regulations, 
requirements, guidelines, rules, standards and policies relating to minimum requirements for 
own funds and eligible liabilities and/or loss absorbing capacity instruments adopted by the 
Republic of Italy, a relevant Competent Authority, a Relevant Resolution Authority or the 
European Banking Authority from time to time (whether or not such requirements, guidelines 
or policies are applied generally or specifically to the Issuer and/or the Banca Mediolanum 
Group), as any of the preceding laws, regulations, requirements, guidelines, rules, standards, 
policies or interpretations may be amended, supplemented, superseded or replaced from time 
to time; 
Regulatory Capital Requirements means any requirements contained in the regulations, 
rules, guidelines and policies of the Competent Authority, or of the European Parliament and 
Council then in effect in the Republic of Italy, relating to capital adequacy and applicable to 
the Issuer and/or the Banca Mediolanum Group from time to time (including, any applicable 
transitional provisions), including, but not limited to, as at the Issue Date of the relevant Series 
of Notes, the rules contained in, or implementing, the CRD IV Package and the BRRD, 
delegated or implementing acts adopted by the European Commission and guidelines issued by 
the European Banking Authority; 
Relevant Resolution Authority means the Italian resolution authority, the Single Resolution 
Board (SRB) established pursuant to the SRM Regulation and/or any other authority entitled to 
exercise or participate in the exercise of any Resolution Power or Loss Absorption Power from 
time to time; 
Resolution Power means any statutory write-down, transfer and/or conversion power existing 
from time to time under any laws regulations, rules or requirements relating to the resolution 
of the Issuer, including but not limited to any laws, regulations, rules or requirements 
implementing the BRRD and/or the SRM Regulation;  
SRM Regulation means Regulation (EU) No 806/2014 of the European Parliament and 
Council of 15 July 2014 establishing uniform rules and a uniform procedure for the resolution 
of credit institutions and certain investment firms in the framework of a Single Resolution 
Mechanism and a Single Resolution Fund and amending Regulation (EU) No 1093/2010, as 
amended or replaced from time to time (including by the SRM II Regulation); and 
SRM II Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2019/877 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 20 May 2019 amending Regulation (EU) No 806/2014 as regards the loss-absorbing 
and recapitalisation capacity of credit institution capacity of credit institutions and investment 
firms. 
6. 
TAXATION 
All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes, Receipts and Coupons by or on 
behalf of the Issuer will be made without withholding or deduction for or on account of any 
present or future taxes or duties of whatever nature  imposed or levied by or on behalf of any 
Tax Jurisdiction unless such withholding or deduction is required by law. In such event, the

--- Page 130 ---
130 
 
Issuer will pay such additional amounts in respect of interest only as shall be necessary in order 
that the net amounts received by the holders of the Notes, Receipts or Coupons after such 
withholding or deduction shall equal the respective amounts of interest which would otherwise 
have been receivable in respect of the Notes, Receipts or Coupons, as the case may be, in the 
absence of such withholding or deduction, except that no such additional amounts shall be 
payable:  
(a) 
with respect to any Notes, Receipts or Coupons for or on account of imposta sostitutiva 
(at the then applicable rate of tax) pursuant to Italian Legislative Decree No. 239 of 1 
April 1996 and in all circumstances in which the procedures set forth in Legislative 
Decree No. 239 have not been met or complied with except where such procedures 
have not been met or complied with due to the actions of omissions of the Issuer or its 
agents; 
(b) 
with respect to any Note, Receipt or Coupon presented for payment: 
(i) 
in the jurisdiction of incorporation of the Issuer; or 
(ii) 
by or on behalf of a holder who is liable for such taxes or duties in respect of 
such Note, Receipt or Coupon by reason of his having some connection with a 
Tax Jurisdiction other than the mere holding of such Note, Receipt or Coupon; 
or  
(iii) 
by or on behalf of a holder who is entitled to avoid such withholding or 
deduction in respect of such Note, Receipt or Coupon by making a declaration 
or any other statement to the relevant tax authority, including, but not limited 
to, a declaration of residence or non-residence; or  
(iv) 
more than 30 days after the Relevant Date (as defined below) except to the 
extent that the holder thereof would have been entitled to an additional amount 
on presenting the same for payment on such thirtieth day assuming that day to 
have been a Payment Day (as defined in Condition 4.6); or 
(v) 
in the event of payment to a non-Italian resident legal entity or a non-Italian 
resident individual, to the extent that interest or any other amount is paid to a 
non-Italian resident legal entity or a non-Italian resident individual which is 
resident in a country which does not allow for a satisfactory exchange of 
information with the Italian authorities; 
(vi) 
where the holder who would have been able to lawfully avoid (but has not so 
avoided) such deduction or withholding by complying, or procuring that any 
third party complies, with any statutory requirements (except where such 
requirements have not been met due to the actions or omissions of the Issuer 
or its agent); or 
(c) 
in respect of any Note where such withholding or deduction is required pursuant to 
Law Decree No. 512 of 30 September 1983, as amended or supplemented from time to 
time; or 
(d) 
where such withholding or deduction is imposed on a payment pursuant to Sections 
1471 through 1474 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, any regulations or 
agreements thereunder or any official interpretations thereof or any law implementing 
an intergovernmental approach thereto.

--- Page 131 ---
131 
 
As used herein:  
(i) 
Tax Jurisdiction means the Republic of Italy (Italy) or any political subdivision of 
any authority thereof or therein having power to tax or any other jurisdiction or any 
political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having power to tax to which 
the Issuer becomes subject in respect of payments made by it of interest on the Notes, 
Receipts or Coupons; and  
(ii) 
Relevant Date means the date on which such payment first becomes due, except that, 
if the full amount of the moneys payable has not been duly received by the Principal 
Paying Agent on or prior to such due date, it means the date on which, the full amount 
of such moneys having been so received, notice to that effect is duly given to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 12. 
7. 
PRESCRIPTION 
The Notes, Receipts and Coupons will become void unless claims in respect of principal and/or 
interest are made within a period of 10 years (in the case of principal) and five years (in the 
case of interest) after the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 6) therefor. 
There shall not be included in any Coupon sheet issued on exchange of a Talon any Coupon 
the claim for payment in respect of which would be void pursuant to this Condition or Condition 
4.2 or any Talon which would be void pursuant to Condition 4.2. 
8. 
EVENTS OF DEFAULT AND ENFORCEMENT 
8.1 
Events of Default relating to Senior Notes and Non-Preferred Senior Notes and 
Subordinated Notes 
With respect to any Senior Note, Non-Preferred Senior Notes or Subordinated Note, if the 
Issuer shall be liquidated (including becoming subject to Liquidazione Coatta Amministrativa 
as defined in the Italian Consolidated Banking Act) (the Event of Default), then any holder of 
a Senior Note, Non-Preferred Senior Note or Subordinated Note may, by written notice to the 
Issuer and at the specified office of the Principal Paying Agent, effective upon the date of 
receipt thereof by the Principal Paying Agent, declare any Senior Note, Non-Preferred Senior 
Note or Subordinated Note held by the holder to be forthwith due and payable whereupon the 
same shall become forthwith due and payable at its Early Redemption Amount, together with 
accrued interest (if any) to the date of repayment, without presentment, demand, protest or other 
notice of any kind. For the avoidance of doubt, the non-payment by the Issuer of any amount 
due and payable under these Notes, or the taking of any crisis prevention measure or crisis 
management measure in relation to the Issuer in accordance with the BRRD, is not an event of 
default. 
No Event of Default for the Notes shall occur other than in the context of an insolvency 
proceeding in respect of the Issuer (and, for the avoidance of doubt, resolution proceeding(s) 
or moratoria imposed by a resolution authority in respect of the Issuer shall not constitute an 
Event of Default for the Notes for any purpose). 
9. 
REPLACEMENT OF NOTES, RECEIPTS, COUPONS AND TALONS 
Should any Note, Receipt, Coupon or Talon be lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it 
may be replaced at the specified office of the Principal Paying Agent upon payment by the 
claimant of such costs and expenses as may be incurred in connection therewith and on such

--- Page 132 ---
132 
 
terms as to evidence and indemnity as the Issuer may reasonably require. Mutilated or defaced 
Notes, Receipts, Coupons or Talons must be surrendered before replacements will be issued. 
10. 
AGENTS 
The initial Agents are set out above. If any additional Paying Agents are appointed in 
connection with any Series, the names of such Paying Agents will be specified in Part B of the 
form of Final Terms. 
The Issuer is entitled to vary or terminate the appointment of any Agent and/or appoint 
additional or other Agents and/or approve any change in the specified office through which any 
Agent acts, provided that: 
(a) 
there will at all times be a Principal Paying Agent;  
(b) 
there will at all times be a Paying Agent in a jurisdiction within Europe, other than 
Italy; and  
(c) 
so long as the Notes are listed on any stock exchange or admitted to listing by any other 
relevant authority, there will at all times be a Paying Agent (with a specified office in 
such place as may be required by the rules and regulations of the relevant stock 
exchange or other relevant authority). 
In addition, the Issuer shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent having a specified office in New 
York City in the circumstances described in Condition4.5. Notice of any variation, termination, 
appointment or change in Paying Agents will be given to the Noteholders promptly by the 
Issuer in accordance with Condition 12. 
In acting under the Agency Agreement, the Agents act solely as agents of the Issuer and do not 
assume any obligation to, or relationship of agency or trust with, any Noteholder, Receiptholder 
or Couponholder. The Agency Agreement contains provisions permitting any entity into which 
any Agent is merged or converted or with which it is consolidated or to which it transfers all or 
substantially all of its assets to become the successor agent. 
11. 
EXCHANGE OF TALONS 
On and after the Interest Payment Date on which the final Coupon comprised in any Coupon 
sheet matures, the Talon (if any) forming part of such Coupon sheet may be surrendered at the 
specified office of any Paying Agent in exchange for a further Coupon sheet including (if such 
further Coupon sheet does not include Coupons to (and including) the final date for the payment 
of interest due in respect of the Note to which it appertains) a further Talon, subject to the 
provisions of Condition 7. 
12. 
NOTICES 
All notices regarding the Notes will be deemed to be validly given if published, if and for so 
long as the Notes are admitted to trading on, and listed on the Official List of, the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange, a daily newspaper of general circulation in Luxembourg or the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange's website, www.bourse.lu. It is expected that any such publication in a 
newspaper will be made in the Luxemburger Wort or the Tageblatt in Luxembourg. The Issuer 
shall also ensure that notices are duly published in a manner which complies with the rules of 
any stock exchange or other relevant authority on which the Notes are for the time being listed 
or by which they have been admitted to trading including publication on the website of the 
relevant stock exchange or relevant authority if required by those rules. Any such notice will

--- Page 133 ---
133 
 
be deemed to have been given on the date of the first publication or, where required to be 
published in more than one newspaper, on the date of the first publication in all required 
newspapers.  
Until such time as any definitive Notes are issued, there may, so long as any Global Notes 
representing the Notes are held in their entirety on behalf of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, be substituted for such publication in such newspaper(s) or such websites the 
delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg for 
communication by them to the holders of the Notes and, in addition, for so long as any Notes 
are listed on a stock exchange or are admitted to trading by another relevant authority and the 
rules of that stock exchange or relevant authority so require, such notice will be published on 
the website of the relevant stock exchange or relevant authority and/or in a daily newspaper of 
general circulation in the place or places required by those rules. Any such notice shall be 
deemed to have been given to the holders of the Notes on the second day after the day on which 
the said notice was given to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Notices to be given by any Noteholder shall be in writing and given by lodging the same, 
together (in the case of any Note in definitive form) with the relative Note or Notes, with the 
Principal Paying Agent. Whilst any of the Notes are represented by a Global Note, such notice 
may be given by any holder of a Note to the Principal Paying Agent through Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, in such manner as the Principal Paying Agent, 
and Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, may approve for this 
purpose. 
13. 
MEETINGS OF NOTEHOLDERS, MODIFICATION AND WAIVER  
The Agency Agreement and the provisions for the meetings of Noteholders (including by way 
of conference call or by use of videoconference platform) attached as Annex 1 (Provisions for 
the Meetings of Noteholders) to these Conditions (the Provisions for the Meetings of 
Noteholders) contains provisions for convening meetings of the Noteholders to consider any 
matter affecting their interests, including the sanctioning by Extraordinary Resolution of a 
modification of the Notes, the Receipts, the Coupons, these Conditions or any of the provisions 
of the Agency Agreement. Such a meeting may be convened by the Issuer and shall be convened 
by the Issuer if required in writing by Noteholders holding not less than 10 per cent. in nominal 
amount of the Notes for the time being remaining outstanding. The quorum at any such meeting 
for passing an Extraordinary Resolution is one or more persons holding or representing not less 
than 50 per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding, or at any 
adjourned meeting one or more persons being or representing Noteholders whatever the 
nominal amount of the Notes so held or represented, except that at any meeting the business of 
which includes the modification of certain provisions of the Notes, the Receipts, the Coupons, 
these Conditions or the Agency Agreement (including modifying the date of maturity of the 
Notes or any date for payment of interest thereon, reducing or cancelling the amount of 
principal or the rate of interest payable in respect of the Notes, or altering the currency of 
payment of the Notes, the Receipts or the Coupons or amending in certain respects), the quorum 
shall be one or more persons holding or representing not less than two-thirds in nominal amount 
of the Notes for the time being outstanding, or at any adjourned such meeting one or more 
persons holding or representing not less than one-third in nominal amount of the Notes for the 
time being outstanding. An Extraordinary Resolution passed by the Noteholders will be binding 
on all the Noteholders, whether or not they are present at any meeting, and whether or not they 
voted on the resolution, and on all Receiptholders and Couponholders. 
The Agency Agreement and the Provisions for the Meetings of Noteholders provide that a 
resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of the holders of not less than 75 per cent. in nominal 
amount of the Notes outstanding shall for all purposes be as valid and effective as an

--- Page 134 ---
134 
 
Extraordinary Resolution passed at a meeting of Noteholders duly convened and held. Such a 
resolution in writing may be contained in one document or several documents in the same form, 
each signed by or on behalf of one or more Noteholders. 
The Principal Paying Agent and the Issuer may agree, without the consent of the Noteholders, 
Receiptholders or Couponholders, to: 
(i) 
any modification of, or to the waiver or authorisation of any breach or proposed breach 
of, any of the provisions of the Notes or the Agency Agreement that is in the sole 
opinion of the Issuer not materially prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders; or 
(ii) 
any modification which is of a formal, minor or technical nature or to correct a manifest 
error including without limitation where required in order to comply with mandatory 
provisions of law. 
For the avoidance of doubt, any variation of the Conditions and the Agency Agreement to give 
effect to any Benchmark Amendments in the circumstances and as otherwise set out in 
Condition 3.4 (Benchmark Discontinuation) shall not require the consent of the Noteholders, 
Receiptholders or Couponholders, subject (to the extent required) to the Issuer giving any notice 
required to be given to, and receiving any consent required from, or non-objection from, the 
Competent Authority. Any such modification shall be binding on the Noteholders, the 
Receiptholders and the Couponholders and any such modification shall be notified to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 12 (Notices) as soon as practicable thereafter. 
In addition, with respect to (i) any Series of Senior Notes or Non-Preferred Senior Notes, if at 
any time a MREL Disqualification Event occurs, and if Variation is specified as being 
applicable in the form of Final Terms, or (ii) all Notes, if Variation is specified as being 
applicable in the form of Final Terms, in order to ensure the effectiveness and enforceability of 
Condition 16 (Statutory Loss Absorption Powers), then the Issuer may, subject to giving any 
notice required to be given to, and receiving consent required from the Competent Authority 
and/or as appropriate the Relevant Resolution Authority, (without any requirement for the 
consent or approval of the holders of the relevant Notes of that Series) and having given not 
less than 30 nor more than 60 days' notice to the Paying Agents and the holders of the Notes of 
that Series (or such other notice periods as may be specified in the Form of Final Terms), at 
any time vary the terms of such Notes so that they remain or, as appropriate, become, Qualifying 
Senior Notes, Qualifying Non-Preferred Senior Notes or Qualifying Subordinated Notes, as 
applicable, provided that such variation does not itself give rise to any right of the Issuer to 
redeem the varied securities.  
In these Conditions: 
Qualifying Non-Preferred Senior Notes means securities issued by the Issuer that: 
(a) 
other than in respect of the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 16 (Statutory 
Loss Absorption Powers), have terms not materially less favourable to a holder of the 
Non-Preferred Senior Notes (as reasonably determined by the Issuer) than the terms of 
the Non-Preferred Senior Notes and they shall also (A) contain terms which at such 
time result in such securities being eligible to count towards fulfilment of the Issuer’s 
and/or the Banca Mediolanum Group’s (as applicable) minimum requirements for own 
funds and eligible liabilities under the then applicable MREL Requirements; (B) have 
a ranking at least equal to that of the Non-Preferred Senior Notes; (C) have at least the 
same interest rate and the same Interest Payment Dates as those from time to time 
applying to the Non-Preferred Senior Notes; (D) have the same redemption rights as 
the Non-Preferred Senior Notes; (E) preserve any existing rights under the Notes to any

--- Page 135 ---
135 
 
accrued but unpaid interest in respect of the period from (and including) the Interest 
Payment Date immediately preceding the date of variation; and (F) in the event the 
Notes carry a rating immediately prior to such variation, are assigned (or maintain) the 
same or higher solicited credit ratings as were assigned to the Non-Preferred Senior 
Notes immediately prior to such variation, unless any downgrade is solely attributable 
to the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 16 (Statutory Loss Absorption 
Powers); and 
(b) 
are listed on a recognised stock exchange if the Non-Preferred Senior Notes were listed 
immediately prior to such variation. 
Qualifying Senior Notes means securities issued by the Issuer that: 
(a) 
other than in respect of the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 16 (Statutory 
Loss Absorption Powers), have terms not materially less favourable to a holder of the 
Senior Notes (as reasonably determined by the Issuer) than the terms of the Senior 
Notes and they shall also (A) contain terms which at such time result in such securities 
being eligible to count towards fulfilment of the Issuer’s and/or the Banca Mediolanum 
Group’s (as applicable) minimum requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities 
under the then applicable MREL Requirements; (B) have a ranking at least equal to 
that of the Senior Notes; (C) have at least the same interest rate and the same Interest 
Payment Dates as those from time to time applying to the Senior Notes; (D) have the 
same redemption rights as the Senior Notes; (E) preserve any existing rights under the 
Notes to any accrued but unpaid interest in respect of the period from (and including) 
the Interest Payment Date immediately preceding the date of variation; and (F) in the 
event the Notes carry a rating immediately prior to such variation, are assigned (or 
maintain) the same or higher solicited credit ratings as were assigned to the Senior 
Notes immediately prior to such variation, unless any downgrade is solely attributable 
to the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 16 (Statutory Loss Absorption 
Powers); and 
(b) 
are listed on a recognised stock exchange if the Senior Notes were listed immediately 
prior to such variation. 
Qualifying Subordinated Notes means securities issued by the Issuer that: 
(a) 
other than in respect of the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 16 (Statutory 
Loss Absorption Powers), have terms not materially less favourable to a holder of the 
Subordinated Notes (as reasonably determined by the Issuer) than the terms of the 
Subordinated Notes and they shall also (A) comply with the then-current requirements 
of the Regulatory Capital Requirements in relation to Tier 2 capital, (B) have a ranking 
at least equal to that of the Subordinated Notes; (C) have at least the same interest rate 
and the same Interest Payment Dates as those from time to time applying to the 
Subordinated Notes; (D) have the same redemption rights as the Subordinated Notes; 
(E) preserve any existing rights under the Notes to any accrued but unpaid interest in 
respect of the period from (and including) the Interest Payment Date immediately 
preceding the date of variation; and (F) in the event the Notes carry a rating 
immediately prior to such variation, are assigned (or maintain) the same or higher 
solicited credit ratings as were assigned to the Subordinated Notes immediately prior 
to such variation, unless any downgrade is solely attributable to the effectiveness and 
enforceability of Condition 16 (Statutory Loss Absorption Powers); and 
(b) 
are listed on a recognised stock exchange if the Subordinated Notes were listed 
immediately prior to such variation.

--- Page 136 ---
136 
 
Provision for the Meetings of Noteholders are attached to, and form an integral part of, these 
Conditions. References in these Conditions to the Provisions for the meetings of Noteholders 
include such provisions as from time to time modified in accordance with the provisions 
contained therein and any agreement or other document expressed to be supplemental thereto. 
For avoidance of doubt, any modification or variation pursuant to this Condition 13 is subject 
to the provisions of Condition 5.13 (in respect of Senior Notes and Non-Preferred Senior Notes) 
and Condition 5.14 (in respect of Subordinated Notes). 
14. 
FURTHER ISSUES 
The Issuer shall be at liberty from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders, the 
Receiptholders or the Couponholders to create and issue further notes having terms and 
conditions the same as the Notes or the same in all respects save for the amount and date of the 
first payment of interest thereon and the date from which interest starts to accrue and so that 
the same shall be consolidated and form a single Series with the outstanding Notes. 
15. 
GOVERNING LAW AND SUBMISSION TO JURISDICTION 
15.1 
Governing law 
The Agency Agreement, the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, the Notes, the Receipts and 
the Coupons and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with any of the 
above are governed by, and construed in accordance with, Italian law.  
15.2 
Submission to jurisdiction 
(a) 
The courts of Milan have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute arising out of or in 
connection with the Agency Agreement, the Notes, the Receipts and/or the Coupons, including 
any dispute as to their existence, validity, interpretation, performance, breach or termination or 
the consequences of their nullity and any dispute relating to any non-contractual obligations 
arising out of or in connection with the Agency Agreement, the Notes, the Receipts and/or the 
Coupons (a Dispute) and accordingly each of the Issuer and any Noteholders, Receiptholders 
or Couponholders in relation to any Dispute submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts 
of Milan. 
(b) 
For the purposes of this Condition 15.2, the Issuer waives any objection to the courts of Milan 
on the grounds that they are an inconvenient or inappropriate forum to settle any Dispute.  
15.3 
Other documents  
The Issuer has in the Agency Agreement submitted to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts 
of Milan. 
16. 
STATUTORY LOSS ABSORPTION POWERS 
By the acquisition of the Notes, each Noteholder acknowledges and agrees to be bound by the 
exercise of any Loss Absorption Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority that may result 
in the write-down or cancellation of all or a portion of the principal amount of, or distributions 
on, the Notes and/or the conversion of all or a portion of the principal amount of, or distributions 
on, the Notes into ordinary shares or other obligations of the Issuer or another person, including 
by means of a variation to the terms of the Notes to give effect to the exercise by the Relevant 
Resolution Authority of such Loss Absorption Power. Each Noteholder further agrees that the

--- Page 137 ---
137 
 
rights of the Noteholders are subject to, and will be varied if necessary so as to give effect to, 
the exercise of any Loss Absorption Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority. 
Upon the Issuer being informed and notified by the Relevant Resolution Authority of the actual 
exercise of the date from which the Loss Absorption Power is effective with respect to the 
Notes, the Issuer shall notify the Noteholders without delay. Any delay or failure by the Issuer 
to give notice shall not affect the validity and enforceability of the Loss Absorption Power nor 
the effects on the Notes described in this Condition. 
The exercise of the Loss Absorption Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority with respect 
to the Notes shall not constitute an Event of Default and the Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
shall continue to apply in relation to the residual principal amount of, or outstanding amount 
payable with respect to, the Notes subject to any modification of the amount of distributions 
payable to reflect the reduction of the principal amount, and any further modification of the 
terms that the Relevant Resolution Authority may decide in accordance with applicable laws 
and regulations relating to the resolution of credit institutions, investment firms and/or Group 
Entities incorporated in the relevant Member State. 
Each Noteholder also acknowledges and agrees that this provision is exhaustive on the matters 
described herein to the exclusion of any other agreements, arrangements or understandings 
relating to the application of any Loss Absorption Power to the Notes.

--- Page 138 ---
138 
 
ANNEX 1 TO THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
PROVISIONS FOR THE MEETINGS OF NOTEHOLDERS 
1. 
DEFINITIONS 
In the Conditions, the following expressions have the following meanings: 
Block Voting Instruction means, in relation to any Meeting, a document in the English 
language issued by a Principal Paying Agent: 
(a) 
certifying that certain specified Notes (the deposited Notes) have been deposited with 
such Principal Paying Agent (or to its order at a bank or other depositary) or blocked 
in an account with a clearing system and will not be released until the earlier of: 
(i) 
the conclusion of the Meeting; and 
(ii) 
the surrender to such Principal Paying Agent, not less than 48 hours before the 
time fixed for the Meeting (or, if the Meeting has been adjourned, the time 
fixed for its resumption), of the receipt for the deposited or blocked Notes and 
notification thereof by such Principal Paying Agent to the Issuer; 
(b) 
certifying that the depositor of each deposited Note or a duly authorised person on its 
behalf has instructed the relevant Principal Paying Agent that the votes attributable to 
such deposited Note are to be cast in a particular way on each resolution to be put to 
the Meeting and that, during the period of 48 hours before the time fixed for the 
Meeting, such instructions may not be amended or revoked; 
(c) 
listing the total number and (if in definitive form) the certificate numbers of the 
deposited Notes, distinguishing for each resolution between those in respect of which 
instructions have been given to vote for, or against, the resolution; and 
(d) 
authorising a named individual or individuals to vote in respect of the deposited Notes 
in accordance with such instructions; 
Chairman means, in relation to any Meeting, the individual who takes the chair in accordance 
with paragraph 7 (Chairman); 
Extraordinary Resolution means a resolution passed at a Meeting duly convened and held in 
accordance with this Provisions for the Meetings of Noteholders by the majority specified under 
paragraph 8 (Quorum); 
Meeting means a meeting of Noteholders (whether originally convened or resumed following 
an adjournment); 
Proxy means, in relation to any Meeting, a person appointed to vote under a Block Voting 
Instruction other than: 
(a) 
any such person whose appointment has been revoked and in relation to whom the 
Principal Paying Agent has been notified in writing of such revocation by the time 
which is 48 hours before the time fixed for such Meeting; and 
(b) 
any such person appointed to vote at a Meeting which has been adjourned for want of 
a quorum and who (i) was not originally appointed to vote at any subsequent Meeting

--- Page 139 ---
139 
 
and (ii) has not been re-appointed to vote at the Meeting when it is resumed; 
Relevant Fraction means: 
(a) 
for all business other than voting on an Extraordinary Resolution, one tenth or at any 
adjourned meeting one or more persons being or representing the majority of the 
Noteholders attending at the relevant meeting whatever the nominal amount of the 
Notes so held or represented; 
(b) 
for voting on any Extraordinary Resolution other than one relating to a Reserved 
Matter, is one or more persons holding or representing not less than 50 per cent. in 
nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding, or at any adjourned 
meeting one or more persons being or representing Noteholders whatever the nominal 
amount of the Notes so held or represented; and 
(c) 
for voting on any Extraordinary Resolution relating to a Reserved Matter, one or more 
persons holding or representing not less than two-thirds in nominal amount of the Notes 
for the time being outstanding, or at any adjourned meeting such meeting one or more 
Voters representing or holding not less than one-third in nominal amount of the Notes 
for the time being outstanding. 
Reserved Matter means any proposal: 
(a) 
to change any date fixed for payment of principal or interest in respect of the Notes, to 
reduce the amount of principal or interest payable on any date in respect of the Notes 
or to alter the method of calculating the amount of any payment in respect of the Notes 
on redemption or maturity or the date for any such payment; 
(b) 
to effect the exchange or substitution of the Notes for, or the conversion of the Notes 
into, shares, bonds or other obligations or securities of the Issuer or any other person 
or body corporate formed or to be formed; 
(c) 
to change the currency in which amounts due in respect of the Notes are payable; 
(d) 
to change the quorum required at any Meeting or the majority required to pass an 
Extraordinary Resolution; or 
(e) 
to amend this definition; 
Voter means, in relation to any Meeting, the bearer of a Voting Certificate, a Proxy or the 
bearer of a definitive Note who produces such definitive Note at the Meeting; 
Voting Certificate means, in relation to any Meeting, a certificate in the English language 
issued by a Principal Paying Agent and dated in which it is stated: 
(a) 
that certain specified Notes (the deposited Notes) have been deposited with such 
Principal Paying Agent (or to its order at a bank or other depositary) or blocked in an 
account with a clearing system and will not be released until the earlier of: 
(i) 
the conclusion of the Meeting; and 
(ii) 
the surrender of such certificate to such Principal Paying Agent; and 
(b) 
that the bearer of such certificate is entitled to attend and vote at the Meeting in respect

--- Page 140 ---
140 
 
of the deposited Notes; 
Written Resolution means a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of holders of not less 
than 75 per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes outstanding who for the time being are entitled 
to receive notice of a Meeting in accordance with the provisions of this Provisions for the 
Meetings of Noteholders, whether contained in one document or several documents in the same 
form, each signed by or on behalf of one or more such holders of the Notes; 
24 hours means a period of 24 hours including all or part of a day upon which banks are open 
for business in both the places where the relevant Meeting is to be held and in each of the places 
where the Paying Agents have their specified offices (disregarding for this purpose the day 
upon which such Meeting is to be held) and such period shall be extended by one period or, to 
the extent necessary, more periods of 24 hours until there is included as aforesaid all or part of 
a day upon which banks are open for business as aforesaid; and 
48 hours means 2 consecutive periods of 24 hours. 
2. 
ISSUE OF VOTING CERTIFICATES AND BLOCK VOTING INSTRUCTIONS 
The holder of a Note may obtain a Voting Certificate from any Principal Paying Agent or 
require any Principal Paying Agent to issue a Block Voting Instruction by depositing such Note 
with such Principal Paying Agent or arranging for such Note to be (to its satisfaction) held to 
its order or under its control or blocked in an account with a clearing system not later than 48 
hours before the time fixed for the relevant Meeting. A Voting Certificate or Block Voting 
Instruction shall be valid until the release of the deposited Notes to which it relates. So long as 
a Voting Certificate or Block Voting Instruction is valid, the bearer thereof (in the case of a 
Voting Certificate) or any Proxy named therein (in the case of a Block Voting Instruction) shall 
be deemed to be the holder of the Notes to which it relates for all purposes in connection with 
the Meeting. A Voting Certificate and a Block Voting Instruction cannot be outstanding 
simultaneously in respect of the same Note. 
3. 
REFERENCES TO DEPOSIT/RELEASE OF NOTES 
Where Notes are represented by a Global Note or are held in definitive form within a clearing 
system, references to the deposit, or release, of Notes shall be construed in accordance with the 
usual practices (including blocking the relevant account) of such clearing system. 
4. 
VALIDITY OF BLOCK VOTING INSTRUCTIONS 
A Block Voting Instruction shall be valid only if it is deposited at the Specified Office of the 
Principal Paying Agent, or at some other place approved by the Principal Paying Agent, at least 
24 hours before the time fixed for the relevant Meeting or the Chairman decides otherwise 
before the Meeting proceeds to business. If the Principal Paying Agent requires, a notarised 
copy of each Block Voting Instruction and satisfactory proof of the identity of each Proxy 
named therein shall be produced at the Meeting, but the Principal Paying Agent shall not be 
obliged to investigate the validity of any Block Voting Instruction or the authority of any Proxy. 
5. 
CONVENING OF MEETING 
The Issuer may convene a Meeting at any time, and shall be obliged to do so upon the request 
in writing of Noteholders holding not less than 10 (ten) per cent. in nominal amount of the 
Notes for the time being remaining outstanding. 
6. 
NOTICE

--- Page 141 ---
141 
 
At least 21 days notice (exclusive of the day on which the notice is given and of the day on 
which the relevant Meeting is to be held) specifying the date, time and place of the Meeting 
shall be given to the Noteholders and the Paying Agents (with a copy to the Issuer). The notice 
shall set out the full text of any resolutions to be proposed and shall state that the Notes may be 
deposited with, or to the order of, any Principal Paying Agent for the purpose of obtaining 
Voting Certificates or appointing Proxies not later than 48 hours before the time fixed for the 
Meeting. 
7. 
CHAIRMAN 
An individual (who may, but need not, be a Noteholder) nominated in writing by the Issuer may 
take the chair at any Meeting but, if no such nomination is made or if the individual nominated 
is not present within 15 minutes after the time fixed for the Meeting, those present shall elect 
one of themselves to take the chair failing which, the Issuer may appoint a Chairman. The 
Chairman of an adjourned Meeting need not be the same person as was the Chairman of the 
original Meeting. 
8. 
QUORUM 
The quorum at any Meeting shall be one or more Voters representing or holding not less than 
the Relevant Fraction of the outstanding aggregate principal amount of the Notes; provided, 
however, that, so long as at least the Relevant Fraction of the outstanding aggregate principal 
amount of the Notes is represented by a Global Note, a single Proxy representing the holder 
thereof shall be deemed to be two Voters for the purpose of forming a quorum.  
9. 
ADJOURNMENT FOR WANT OF QUORUM 
If within 15 minutes after the time fixed for any Meeting a quorum is not present, then: 
(a) 
in the case of a Meeting requested by Noteholders, it shall be dissolved; and 
(b) 
in the case of any other Meeting, it shall be adjourned for such period (which shall be 
not less than 14 days and not more than 42 days) and to such place as the Chairman 
determines; provided, however, that: 
(i) 
the Meeting shall be dissolved if the Issuer so decides; and 
(ii) 
no Meeting may be adjourned more than once for want of a quorum. 
10. 
ADJOURNED MEETING 
The Chairman may, with the consent of (and shall if directed by) any Meeting, adjourn such 
Meeting from time to time and from place to place, but no business shall be transacted at any 
adjourned Meeting except business which might lawfully have been transacted at the Meeting 
from which the adjournment took place. 
11. 
NOTICE FOLLOWING ADJOURNMENT 
Paragraph 6 (Notice) shall apply to any Meeting which is to be resumed after adjournment for 
want of a quorum save that: 
(a) 
10 days' notice (exclusive of the day on which the notice is given and of the day on 
which the Meeting is to be resumed) shall be sufficient; and

--- Page 142 ---
142 
 
(b) 
the notice shall specifically set out the quorum requirements which will apply when the 
Meeting resumes. 
It shall not be necessary to give notice of the resumption of a Meeting which has been adjourned 
for any other reason. 
12. 
PARTICIPATION 
The following may attend and speak at a Meeting: 
(a) 
Voters; 
(b) 
representatives of the Issuer and the Principal Paying Agent; 
(c) 
the financial advisers of the Issuer; 
(d) 
the legal counsel to the Issuer and the Principal Paying Agent; and 
(e) 
any other person approved by the Meeting. 
13. 
SHOW OF HANDS 
Every question submitted to a Meeting shall be considered as a resolution and decided in the 
first instance by a show of hands. Unless a poll is validly demanded before or at the time that 
the result is declared, the Chairman's declaration that on a show of hands a resolution has been 
passed, passed by a particular majority, rejected or rejected by a particular majority shall be 
conclusive, without proof of the number of votes cast for, or against, the resolution. 
14. 
POLL 
A demand for a poll shall be valid if it is made by the Chairman, the Issuer or one or more 
Voters representing or holding not less than one fiftieth of the aggregate principal amount of 
the outstanding Notes. The poll may be taken immediately or after such adjournment as the 
Chairman directs, but any poll demanded on the election of the Chairman or on any question of 
adjournment shall be taken at the Meeting without adjournment. A valid demand for a poll shall 
not prevent the continuation of the relevant Meeting for any other business as the Chairman 
directs. 
15. 
VOTES 
Every Voter shall have: 
(a) 
on a show of hands, one vote; and 
(b) 
on a poll, the number of votes obtained by dividing that fraction of the aggregate 
principal amount of the outstanding Note(s) represented or held by it by the lowest 
denomination of the Notes. 
In the case of a voting tie the Chairman shall have a casting vote. 
Unless the terms of any Block Voting Instruction state otherwise, a Voter shall not be obliged 
to exercise all the votes to which it is entitled or to cast all the votes which it exercises in the 
same way.

--- Page 143 ---
143 
 
16. 
VALIDITY OF VOTES BY PROXIES 
Any vote by a Proxy in accordance with the relevant Block Voting Instruction shall be valid 
even if such Block Voting Instruction or any instruction pursuant to which it was given has 
been amended or revoked, provided that the Principal Paying Agent has not been notified in 
writing of such amendment or revocation by the time which is 48 hours before the time fixed 
for the relevant Meeting. Unless revoked, any appointment of a Proxy under a Block Voting 
Instruction in relation to a Meeting shall remain in force in relation to any resumption of such 
Meeting following an adjournment; provided, however, that no such appointment of a Proxy in 
relation to a Meeting originally convened which has been adjourned for want of a quorum shall 
remain in force in relation to such Meeting when it is resumed. Any person appointed to vote 
at such a Meeting must be re-appointed under a Block Voting Instruction Proxy to vote at the 
Meeting when it is resumed. 
17. 
POWERS 
A Meeting shall have power (exercisable by Extraordinary Resolution), without prejudice to 
any other powers conferred on it or any other person: 
(a) 
to approve any Reserved Matter; 
(b) 
to approve any proposal by the Issuer for any modification, abrogation, variation or 
compromise of any of the Conditions or any arrangement in respect of the obligations 
of the Issuer under or in respect of the Notes; 
(c) 
to approve the substitution of any person for the Issuer (or any previous substitute) as 
principal obligor under the Notes; 
(d) 
to waive any breach or authorise any proposed breach by the Issuer of its obligations 
under or in respect of the Notes or any act or omission which might otherwise constitute 
an event of default under the Notes; 
(e) 
to authorise the Principal Paying Agent or any other person to execute all documents 
and do all things necessary to give effect to any Extraordinary Resolution; 
(f) 
to give any other authorisation or approval which is required to be given by 
Extraordinary Resolution; and 
(g) 
to appoint any persons as a committee to represent the interests of the Noteholders and 
to confer upon such committee any powers which the Noteholders could themselves 
exercise by Extraordinary Resolution. 
18. 
EXTRAORDINARY RESOLUTION BINDS ALL HOLDERS 
An Extraordinary Resolution shall be binding upon all Noteholders and holders of Coupons 
and Talons whether or not present at such Meeting and each of the Noteholders shall be bound 
to give effect to it accordingly. Notice of the result of every vote on an Extraordinary Resolution 
shall be given to the Noteholders and the Paying Agents (with a copy to the Issuer) within 14 
days of the conclusion of the Meeting. 
19. 
MINUTES 
Minutes shall be made of all resolutions and proceedings at each Meeting. The Chairman shall 
sign the minutes, which shall be prima facie evidence of the proceedings recorded therein.

--- Page 144 ---
144 
 
Unless and until the contrary is proved, every such Meeting in respect of the proceedings of 
which minutes have been summarised and signed shall be deemed to have been duly convened 
and held and all resolutions passed or proceedings transacted at it to have been duly passed and 
transacted. 
20. 
WRITTEN RESOLUTION 
A Written Resolution shall take effect as if it were an Extraordinary Resolution.

--- Page 145 ---
145 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
An amount equal to the net proceeds of the sale of each Tranche of Notes will be applied by the Issuer, 
as indicated in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement relating to the relevant Tranche of 
Notes, either: 
(a) 
for general funding purposes of the Banca Mediolanum Group; or 
(b) 
to finance or refinance, in whole or in part, Eligible Green Assets and/or Eligible Social Assets 
and/or Eligible Sustainable Assets (each as defined below). 
According to the definition criteria set out by the International Capital Market Association (ICMA) 
Green Bond Principles (GBP), only Tranches of Notes financing or refinancing Eligible Green Projects 
(above mentioned at (b)) will be denominated Green Bonds.   
According to the definition criteria set out by ICMA Social Bond Principles (SBP), only Tranches of 
Notes financing or refinancing Eligible Social Assets (above mentioned at (b)) will be denominated 
Social Bonds.  
According to the definition criteria set out by ICMA Sustainability Bond Guidelines (SBG), only 
Tranches of Notes financing or refinancing Eligible Sustainable Assets (above mentioned at (b)) will 
be denominated Sustainability Bonds. 
In relation to any Eligible Green Assets or Eligible Social Assets or Eligible Sustainable Assets the 
Issuer 
will 
make 
available 
under 
section 
“EMTN 
Programme” 
on 
its 
website 
(https://www.bancamediolanum.it/corporate/investors/fixed-income): 
(i) 
a green, social and sustainability bond framework (the Green, Social and Sustainability Bond 
Framework), as amended and supplement from time to time, which sets out the categories of 
Eligible Green Assets or Eligible Social Assets or Eligible Sustainable Assets which have been 
identified by the Issuer as part of priority activity sectors within the context of climate change 
mitigation, energy savings and GHG emissions reduction; and  
(ii) 
a second party opinion assessing the alignment of the Green, Social and Sustainability Bond 
Framework with the GBP, SBP and/or SBG (the Second Party Opinion). For the avoidance 
of doubt, any such Green, Social and Sustainability Bond Framework or Second Party Opinion 
is not, nor shall be deemed to be, incorporated in and/or form part of this Base Prospectus. 
Definitions: 
Eligible Green Assets means any new and/or existing loans, projects and investments belonging to the 
following categories:  
(i) 
green buildings;  
(ii) 
clean transportation; and 
(iii) 
energy efficiency, 
provided in each case that, such eligibility will be defined in accordance with the broad categorisation 
of eligibility for Green Assets as set out in the GBP or as from time to time otherwise specified in the 
applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement.

--- Page 146 ---
146 
 
Eligible Social Assets means any new and/or existing loans, projects and investments belonging to the 
following categories:  
(i) 
employment generation (SME financing);  
(ii) 
support to the third sector (terzo settore); and  
(iii) 
affordable housing. 
provided in each case that, such eligibility will be defined in accordance with the broad categorisation 
of eligibility for Social Assets as set out in the SBP or as from time to time otherwise specified in the 
applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement. 
Eligible Sustainable Assets will be defined as a combination of both Eligible Green Assets and Eligible 
Social Assets as set out in the SBG or as from time to time otherwise specified in the applicable Final 
Terms or Pricing Supplement.

--- Page 147 ---
147 
 
THE ISSUER 
1. 
HISTORY AND DEVELOPMENT OF THE ISSUER  
The Issuer is the parent company (Parent Company) of the group “Gruppo Mediolanum 
(Conglomerato Finanziario)” (Group) and has been carrying out its activities in the banking sector and 
in the intermediary and placement of financial and insurance products for a number of years, on behalf 
of the companies in the group, as well as other entities that entrust the bank with the placement of their 
mutual funds or structured products. This activity is mainly carried out by the Issuer through an 
extensive network of financial advisors licensed to provide their service on a “door-to-door selling” 
(offerta fuori sede) basis, which are linked to the Issuer by an agency contract, distributed throughout 
the whole Italian territory (hereinafter, Family Bankers).11 Within the Group, the Issuer, which is an 
operating Parent Company performing guidance, governance and control functions for the Group, 
exercises its steering and direction role on the subsidiaries. 
With respect to the insurance group, which is part of the Group, the direction and coordination activities 
carried out by the parent company Mediolanum Vita S.p.A., must integrate and find the appropriate 
synergies with the requirements of direction and coordination dictated by the existence of the financial 
conglomerate.   
 
As of 30 June 2022, the Group, holds a share of 2.58% in the Italian market, which is determined on 
the basis of the Group’s holdings of total financial assets in Italy. Such data is calculated on the basis 
of an estimate that includes the financial assets of Italian consumer and producer households. In 
particular, the portfolio held by the Group includes deposits, administered investments, managed 
products, insurance and pension products.  
Company name 
The Issuer’s legal and commercial name is “BANCA MEDIOLANUM S.p.A.”, the commercial name 
in short “Mediolanum”. 
Issuer Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) 
7LVZJ6XRIE7VNZ4UBX81. 
Place of registration of the Issuer and its registration number  
The Issuer is registered with the Companies Register of Milan – Monza – Brianza – Lodi, Italy, at No. 
02124090164. The Issuer is also on the Register of Banking Groups (Albo dei Gruppi Bancari) held by 
the Bank of Italy at No. 03062. 
Date of incorporation and length of life of the Issuer  
The Issuer was incorporated as a joint stock corporation (società per azioni) by deed of Paolo Marinelli, 
Notary public, registered in Bergamo on 22 November 1991 with the registry office  (ufficio del 
registro) No. 6064. 
The duration of the Issuer is set, pursuant to Article 5 of its Articles of Association, up to 31 December 
2100 and may be extended.  
Domicile and legal form of the Issuer, legislation under which the Issuer operates, its country of 
incorporation, website address and address and telephone number of its registered office 
                                                     
11  For sake of clarity, “Family Bankers”  is a registered trademark which distinguish the financial consultants affiliated to the Mediolanum’s 
network.

--- Page 148 ---
148 
 
Banca Mediolanum is a joint stock company (società per azioni) incorporated in Milan, Italy and 
operating under Italian law. The address of the Issuer’s registered office is Palazzo Meucci, Via 
Francesco Sforza, 20079 Basiglio Milano 3, Italy, phone +39 02 9049.1, website address: 
www.bancamediolanum.it. 
Certified 
electronic 
email 
(posta 
elettronica 
certificata): 
bancamediolanum@pec.mediolanum.it. 
History and evolution of the Group 
In February 1982, Ennio Doris, in equal partnership with the group headed by Fininvest S.p.A., 
establishes Programma Italia S.p.A., with the strategic objective of creating a network of “global 
consultants” through which to offer services and products capable of satisfying not only the needs and 
requirements in the area of investments, but also in the areas of retirement savings, life insurance as 
well as personal protection and one’s assets. Therefore, in 1984 Programma Italia and Fininvest Italia 
S.p.A. acquired the entire corporate capital of the two insurance companies Mediolanum Vita S.p.A. 
and Mediolanum Assicurazioni S.p.A. 
In 1993, the Fininvest Group with the Doris family reached an agreement to jointly control the entire 
group of companies consisting of three mutual fund management companies, three securities brokerage 
companies, one static trust company, one stock exchange commission agent, and three service 
companies. 
In 1995, after more than a decade of development, the corporate structure is reorganised and simplified: 
all companies except Mediolanum Assicurazioni S.p.A. (which remains owned by the two majority 
shareholders) are contributed to a holding company owned equally by the two shareholders Ennio Doris 
and Fininvest S.p.A. Thus the Mediolanum Holding S.p.A. is created, being the parent company of what 
will become the Group. 
On 3 June 1996, following a public offering for sale and subscription (OPVS), the Issuer’s shares have 
listed on the electronic stock market (MTA).  
In 1997, Programma Italia Investimenti Sim p.a. was transformed into Banca Mediolanum S.p.A. with 
a multi-channel operating model of direct access through a customer service via telephone, a new 
system of consulting banking data through the Teletext service, and of course the “human channel” 
consisting of the so called “global advisors” (i.e. advisors able to respond to all investment, savings, 
insurance and pension needs of clients, as mentioned above) aimed at following the customers’ choices 
and needs. 
Since 1998, Mediolanum Holding S.p.A. has been included in the index representing the leading 
companies of the Italian Stock Exchange (initially the MIB30 index, now the FTSE MIB).  
In 2000, the process of expansion abroad is initiated by the Group with the acquisition in Spain of the 
Fibanc Banking Group and Banco Mediolanum S.A. (formerly Banco de Finanzas e Inversiones S.A.) 
and thus begins operations in the Spanish market, with the aim of replicating the Italian business model. 
In 2005, Fondazione Mediolanum was established, committed, in particular, to supporting projects for 
children in distress. 
In 2006, as an evolution of the aforementioned global advisor, the figure of the Family Banker was 
born, which became the hallmark of the Issuer’s sales network and a point of reference for its customers. 
On 30 June 2008, after an experience in the Spanish subsidiary Fibanc S.A., as managing director as 
well as general manager, Mr. Massimo Antonio Doris becomes managing director and general manager 
of the Issuer. The latter position, in 2014, was taken over by Mr. Gianluca Bosisio, who still holds the 
same position as of the date of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 149 ---
149 
 
In 2013, Mediolanum Assicurazioni S.p.A. was acquired, which, after a long and profound restructuring 
of its product portfolio and business model, now exclusively oriented to distribution through the Issuer, 
joined the Group. At the same time, the Issuer also decided to enter the open architecture by offering 
mutual funds from renowned investment houses.  
Furthermore, in 2013, the recognition of the prevalence of banking over insurance activities, found by 
supervisors for two consecutive years, leads the Group to be considered a financial conglomerate with 
a banking predominance. The role of primary supervisor passes to the Bank of Italy. 
In 2014, Mediolanum S.p.A. becomes the parent company of the banking group formerly headed by 
Banca Mediolanum. 
In 2015, the merger by acquisition of Mediolanum Holding S.p.A. into Banca Mediolanum is 
implemented.  
Starting from 30 December 2015, Banca Mediolanum is the Parent Company of the Group and of the 
Mediolanum’s financial conglomerate to which belongs the Mediolanum Insurance Group, which 
consists of Mediolanum Vita S.p.A. (as parent company), Mediolanum Assicurazioni S.p.A. and 
Mediolanum International Life DAC and is, therefore, also subject to a system of supplementary 
supervision that introduces prudential discipline for the conglomerates themselves. 
As regard to the composition of the financial conglomerate, it has predominantly banking nature, taking 
into account the predominance of such activity over insurance, and is subject, as of the date of this Base 
Prospectus, to the supervision of the Bank of Italy as the competent supervisory authority being 
responsible for the coordination and exercise of supplementary supervision.  
In 2017, following authorization issued by the Bank of Italy, the Issuer completed the acquisition of 
Pexta S.p.A. (formerly EuroCQS), a company operating in the microcredit sector and, in particular, in 
the salary-backed loan (cessione del quinto). 
In 2018, the Investment Banking department is created in order to contribute to the development of 
Italian small and medium-sized enterprises and to support business clients on all extraordinary finance 
matters relating to enterprises. 
On 1 April 2019, the merger of Mediolanum Asset Management with Mediolanum International Funds 
becomes effective.  
On 19 July 2019, the new company, Flowe S.p.A. – SB, is incorporated. This company, being an 
“Istituto di Moneta Elettronica – IMEL”,  is active in payment services and is wholly owned by Banca 
Mediolanum. 
Starting from 13 October 2021, the European Central Bank (ECB) confirmed the decision to classify 
Banca Mediolanum as a significant supervised entity at the maximum level of consolidation.  
On 1 January 2022, the ECB, as the competent authority, directly supervises the Issuer as well as its 
subsidiaries Banco Mediolanum S.A. (Spain) and Bankhaus August Lenz & Co. (Germany), while the 
competent Italian national authorities - being, for sake of clarity, the “Commissione Nazionale per le 
Società e la Borsa” (CONSOB), the “Istituto per la vigilanza sulle assicurazioni” (IVASS) and 
“Commissione di vigilanza sui fondi pensione” (COVIP) - continue to supervise the remaining Group 
companies outside the scope of the ECB-supervised Group. 
A brief description of the Issuer’s distribution model and principal activities and principal 
categories of products sold and/or services provided

--- Page 150 ---
150 
 
The Issuer’s distribution model is able to fulfill clients’ financial needs with full-integrated approach, 
as it combines the holistic advisory model (which involves the Family Bankers) with a technological 
multi-channel platform.  
This model offers in a simple and easily accessible way products and services that meet the needs of 
private individuals and families, who are the main target of the Issuer’s services. Due to its numerous 
communication channels, the client is put in the position to choose how to access the Issuer’s services, 
deciding the timing and mode of relationship that he or she prefers from time to time. 
Through its 4,361 Family Bankers (enrolled in the single register of financial advisors (albo unico dei 
consulenti finanziari) and distributed in 488 administrative offices), the Issuer offers its customers 
assistance in asset management and investment advice in Italy, combined with the wide range of 
banking, financial and insurance services offered, such as mortgages and loans, life and non-life 
insurance, insurance investment products and pension plans and banking services in general.  
In addition, the Issuer’s multichannel model, with no physical branches, provides its customers with a 
state-of-the-art home banking site and mobile app, as well as a “banking center” with more than 650 
banking specialists who provide telephone assistance and operational support. 
A network of more than 18,000 affiliated branches (from Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. and Poste Italiane 
S.p.A.) is also made available to customers to withdraw or deposit cash and checks throughout Italy.  
The multichannel model is vertically integrated, so the Issuer mainly distributes products created by 
other companies belonging to the Group, and to a lesser extent third party products, in particular: 
− banking products such as current accounts, deposit accounts, mortgages, personal loans, including 
consumer credit, payment instruments (credit and debit cards) offered by the Issuer;  
− insurance products such as protection policies, operating both in the non-life classes (such as 
Mediolanum Capitale Casa, Mediolanum Capitale Salute and Mediolanum Capitale Umano), 
issued by Mediolanum Assicurazioni S.p.A., and in the life classes (such as Mediolanum Personal 
Life Serenity) issued by Mediolanum Vita S.p.A., all distributed by Banca Mediolanum S.p.A; 
− collective savings investment undertakings, insurance investment products and forms of 
supplementary pension schemes (mutual funds under Italian and foreign law, unit-linked policies, 
individual pension plans, open pension funds and other investment instruments), are created by 
Mediolanum Gestione Fondi SGR p.A, Mediolanum International Funds Ltd., Mediolanum Vita 
S.p.A. and Mediolanum International Life DAC., Mediolanum Gestion S.A. S.G.I.C and 
Mediolanum Pensiones S.A. S.G.F.P. and distributed by Banca Mediolanum S.p.A. in Italy and 
Banco Mediolanum S.A. in Spain; 
− Banca Mediolanum has also promoted a fully digital “selfy” offering (i.e. current accounts, smart 
policies and other products, which are placed exclusively through the Mediolanum web-app made 
available to each customers, who can sign up for using the relevant service with full independence);  
− other services, such as online trading and portfolio management service; and 
− among the products placed by the Issuer on behalf of third party companies, insurance and 
investment products, including structured products. 
A brief description of the Issuer’s private banking services 
Wealth management

--- Page 151 ---
151 
 
The Issuer offers both wealth management and wealth solution services to private individuals, 
businesses and institutional investors. In particular: 
- 
wealth management includes investment advice and solutions, asset protection and 
inheritance, as well as art advisor service through third-party partners; and  
- 
wealth solutions refers to the services of advanced portfolio advisory with qualified and 
specialised experts from the asset management team, analysis of real estate and corporate assets, 
inheritance and succession planning. 
Investment banking  
With its Investment Banking service, the Issuer offers in favour of corporate clients a range of services 
in the following macro-areas: Equity Capital Markets, Mergers & Acquisitions and Debt Capital 
Markets. 
Fiduciary services 
The Issuer, through Mediolanum Fiduciaria S.p.A., offers trust administration, account aggregation, 
administration of participations held in unlisted companies within the regulated markets as well as the 
escrow agreement services. 
ORGANISATIONAL STRUCTURE  
Brief description of the Group of which the Issuer is part and of the Issuer’s position within the 
Group  
As of the date of the Base Prospectus, the Group comprises the companies listed below. 
The amounts of the share capital of the Group companies reported below is based on the consolidated 
annual report on the Issuer’s operations attached to the unaudited consolidated financial statements at 
30 June 2022. 
Parent company: 
− 
Banca Mediolanum S.p.A. 
Companies belonging to the Group: 
− 
Mediolanum Vita S.p.A. – Milan, Italy. 
The Issuer holds the entire corporate capital. 
− 
Mediolanum Assicurazioni S.p.A. —  Milan, Italy. 
The Issuer holds the entire corporate capital. 
− 
Mediolanum International Life Designated Activity Company — Dublin, Ireland. 
The Issuer holds the entire corporate capital. 
− 
Mediolanum Comunicazione S.p.A. – Milan, Italy. 
The Issuer holds the entire corporate capital.

--- Page 152 ---
152 
 
− 
Mediolanum Gestione Fondi SGR p.A. – Milan, Italy. 
The Issuer holds the entire corporate capital. 
− 
Mediolanum International Funds Ltd – Dublin, Ireland. 
The corporate capital of Mediolanum International Funds Ltd is held by the Issuer for 
95.46% and by Banco Mediolanum S.A. for 4.54%. 
− 
Mediolanum Fiduciaria S.p.A. – Milan, Italy. 
The Issuer holds the entire corporate capital. 
− 
Prexta S.p.A. (formerly EuroCQS S.p.A.) – Milan, Italy. 
The Issuer holds the entire corporate capital. 
− 
Flowe S.p.A. S.B. – Milan, Italy. 
The Issuer holds the entire corporate capital. 
− 
Bankhaus August Lenz & Co. – Munchen, Germany. 
The Issuer holds the entire corporate capital. 
− 
PI Servizi S.p.A. — Milan, Italy. 
The Issuer holds the entire corporate capital. 
− 
Banco Mediolanum S.A., — Valencia, Spain. 
The Issuer holds the entire corporate capital. 
− 
Fibanc S.A. – Barcelona, Spain.  
The Issuer holds indirectly through Banco Mediolanum S.A. the entire corporate capital. 
− 
Mediolanum Pensiones S.A. S.G.F.P. — Barcelona, Spain. 
The Issuer holds indirectly through Banco Mediolanum S.A. 99.999% of the corporate 
capital. 
− 
Mediolanum Gestion S.G.I.I.C. S.A. — Barcelona, Spain. 
The Issuer holds indirectly through Banco Mediolanum S.A. 99.999% of the corporate 
capital. 
Disclosure in respect of business segments  
This section presents the consolidated segment results which, pursuant to IFRS 8, were prepared using 
a format that reflects the management system of the Group (the “management reporting approach”), in 
accordance with all the information provided to the market and to the various stakeholders.  
The disclosure in respect of business segments is prepared in accordance with the provisions of IFRS8 
and the following segments are identified:

--- Page 153 ---
153 
 
− 
Italy, Banking; 
− 
Italy, Asset Management;  
− 
Italy, Insurance; 
− 
Spain; and 
− 
Germany. 
As of the date hereof, the Group has a total of 488 financial consultants’ offices in Italy. 
In Italy, the Issuer operates through the Issuer’s distribution network. 
The principal territories where the Issuer operates are Lombardy, Sicily, Tuscany, Piedmont, Triveneto 
(West part), Liguria and Umbria, as well as online internet banking within the same territories.  
Distribution of the offices of the financial consultants of the Issuer as of the date hereof: 
 
Region / Territory 
Offices  
Triveneto (West part) 
63 
Lombardy 
57 
Sicily 
55 
Piedmont – Liguria – Valle 
d’Aosta  
45 
Tuscany – Umbria  
47 
Triveneto (East part) 
44 
Marche – Abruzzo – Molise 
35 
Lazio  
34 
Emilia (West part) 
32 
Romagna 
27 
Apulia – Calabria 
24 
Campania – Basilicata  
20

--- Page 154 ---
154 
 
Region / Territory 
Offices  
Sardina 
5 
Total offices  
488 
Family Bankers 
The Issuer has an extensive and widespread network of Family Bankers - comprising a total of 5,947 
members (of which 4,361 in Italy and 1,586 in Spain), as of 30 June 2022, who play an essential role 
within the functioning of the Issuer’s “multichannel model”.   
Brief description of the Group of which the Issuer is the Parent Company 
The financial conglomerate is composed by product and distribution companies that provide financial 
consulting services. As of 30 June 2022, the structure of the Group comprises the companies listed in 
the structure chart below.

--- Page 155 ---
0016595-0000284 EUO2: 2002423359.18 
155 
 
GROUP 
 
 
 
 
 
GRUPPO 
ASSICURATIVO 
 
 
MEDIOLANUM 
COMUNICAZIONE 
S.P.A.  
PI SERVIZI  
S.P.A. 
FIBANC S.A. 
(SOCIETÀ 
SPAGNOLA) 
BANCO 
MEDIOLANUM S.A. 
 (SOCIETÀ 
BANKHAUS AUGUST 
LENZ & CO. 
(Società Tedesca) 
MEDIOLANUM 
INTERNATIONAL 
FUNDS LTD  
MEDIOLANUM   
GESTIONE FONDI  
SGR P.A. 
MEDIOLANUM 
FIDUCIARIA S.P.A. 
PREXTA S.P.A. ( GIA’ 
EUROCQS S.P.A.)  
MEDIOLANUM 
PENSIONES, S.A., 
S.G.F.P. 
MEDIOLANUM 
GESTIÓN 
 S.G.I.I.C., S.A. 
MEDIOLANUM 
INTERNATIONAL 
LIFE DESIGNATED 
MEDIOLANUM 
VITA S.P.A.  
MEDIOLANUM 
ASSICURAZIONI 
S.P.A. 
100% 
100% 
100% 
100% 
100% 
100% 
95.46% 
100% 
100% 
100% 
4.54% 
100% 
100% 
99.999% 
99.999% 
GRUPPO BANCARIO 
Capogruppo 
FLOWE S.P.A. – 
SOCIETÀ BENEFIT 
100%

--- Page 156 ---
0016595-0000284 EUO2: 2002423359.18 
156 
 
2. 
DIRECTORS, SENIOR MANAGERS AND MEMBERS OF THE SUPERVISORY 
BODIES  
The Issuer has adopted a traditional governance system consisting of (i) a Board of Directors comprising 
13 Directors, and (ii) a Board of Statutory Auditors comprising three statutory Auditors and three 
alternate Auditors, both appointed by the Shareholders’ Meeting. 
The Board of Directors has established among its members the “Related Parties Committee” (Comitato 
Parti Correlate), the “Remuneration Committee” (Comitato Remunerazioni), the “Risk Committee” 
(Comitato Rischi) and the “Appointments and Governance Committee” (Comitato Nomine e 
Governance). 
Members of the administrative, management and supervisory bodies  
The list of members of the administrative, management and supervisory bodies of the Issuer as at the 
date of this Base Prospectus and the offices held in other companies are set out below. 
Board of Directors 
The Board of Directors of the Issuer, which has been appointed during the Shareholders’ meeting on 15 
April 2021, is the body entrusted with the strategic supervisory function. It is granted the broadest 
powers for the management of the Issuer and for the definition of the Issuer’s guidelines for the internal 
control system and to check the consistency with the strategic targets and the defined risk appetite. 
In compliance with Shareholders’ resolution, the mandate of the Board of Directors is for three 
exercises, meaning that it will remain in office until approval of the Issuer’s 2023 annual financial 
statement. 
Composition 
NAME AND 
SURNAME 
OFFICE HELD IN 
THE ISSUER 
PRINCIPAL OFFICES HELD IN OTHER 
COMPANIES 
Giovanni Pirovano   
Chairperson  
 
Non-executive 
Director 
− 
Bankhaus August Lenz & Co. AG 
(Germany)  (Chairperson of the Board 
of Directors); 
− 
Fondazione 
Mediolanum 
Onlus 
(Director); 
− 
ABI – Associazione Bancaria Italiana 
(Director (member of the “Comitato 
esecutivo e presidenza”)); 
− 
PRI.BANKS – Associazione Banche 
Private (Deputy Chairperson of the 
Board of Directors); and  
− 
FITD (“Fondo Interbancario Tutela 
Depositi”) (Director). 
Annalisa Sara Doris  
Deputy Chairperson  
 
Non-executive 
Fondazione 
Mediolanum 
Onlus 
(Executive Chairperson of the Board of

--- Page 157 ---
0016595-0000284 EUO2: 2002423359.18 
157 
 
Director 
Directors). 
 
Massimo Antonio 
Doris  
Chief Executive 
Officer  
− 
Snow Peak S.r.l. (Sole Shareholder and  
Chairperson of the Board of Directors); 
and 
− 
Assoreti (Deputy Chairperson of the 
Board of Directors). 
 
Francesco Maria 
Frasca  
Non-executive 
Director 
 
Independent as per 
the 
Financial 
Services Act and the 
Corporate 
Governance Code12  
 
N/A 
Anna Gervasoni  
Non-executive 
Director 
 
Independent as per 
the 
Financial 
Services Act and the 
Corporate 
Governance Code 
 
− 
LU.VE S.p.A. (Director); 
− 
SOL S.p.A. (Director); and 
− 
AIFI 
Ricerca 
e 
Formazione 
S.r.l. 
(Chairperson of the Board of Directors). 
 
Paolo Gibello 
Ribatto  
Non-executive 
Director 
 
Independent as per 
the 
Financial 
Services Act and the 
Corporate 
Governance Code 
 
ADVINIITALIA S.p.A. (Director). 
 
Giovanni Lo Storto  
Non-executive 
Director 
 
Independent as per 
the 
Financial 
− 
Università LUISS Guido Carli (General 
Officer); 
− 
Luiss Business School S.p.A. (Director); 
                                                     
12 For the purposes of this section “Corporate Governance Code” means the corporate governance code drawn up by the Corporate Governance 
Committee of listed companies promoted by Borsa Italiana in July 2018.

--- Page 158 ---
0016595-0000284 EUO2: 2002423359.18 
158 
 
Services Act and the 
Corporate 
Governance Code 
 
− 
Pirelli 
& 
C. 
S.p.A. 
(Indipendent 
Director); 
− 
Gruppo Tecnico Cultura di Confindustria 
(Director); 
− 
Fondazione Mediterraneo (Director); and 
− 
Fondazione 
Italia 
Sociale 
(Director 
(component 
of 
the 
“Comitato 
di 
Gestione”)) 
Mario Notari 
Non-executive 
Director 
 
Independent as per 
the 
Financial 
Services Act and the 
Corporate 
Governance Code 
 
− 
Delfin S.a.R.L (Non-executive Director); 
− 
Fondazione 
Leonardo 
Del 
Vecchio 
(Director); 
− 
Beyond Investment S.p.A. (Chairperson 
of the Board of Directors); and 
− 
EssilorLuxottica S.A. (Director) 
Laura Oliva 
Non-executive  
Director 
 
Independent as per 
the 
Financial 
Services Act and the 
Corporate 
Governance Code 
− 
Lu-vè S.p.A. (Non-executive Director); 
and 
− 
Ekuota S.r.l. (Chief Executive Officer). 
Anna Eugenia 
Omarini  
Non-executive  
Director 
 
Independent as per 
the 
Financial 
Services Act and the 
Corporate 
Governance Code 
− 
ABILab 
S.p.A. 
(Member 
of 
the 
Executive Board); and 
− 
Flowe S.p.A. – S.B. (Indipendent 
Director). 
Roberta Pierantoni  
Non-executive  
Director 
 
Independent as per 
the 
Financial 
Services Act and the 
Corporate 
Governance Code 
− 
Delonghi 
S.p.A. 
(member 
of 
the 
supervisory bodies as per Legislative 
Decree 231/01); 
− 
Lu-Ve S.p.A. (Non-executive Director); 
and 
− 
Flowe S.p.A. – S.B. (Indipendent 
Director).

--- Page 159 ---
0016595-0000284 EUO2: 2002423359.18 
159 
 
 
 
Giovanna Luisa 
Maria Radaelli  
Non-executive 
Director 
Lead Independent 
Director  
 
Independent as per 
the 
Financial 
Services Act and the 
Corporate 
Governance Code 
 
− 
Mediolanum Vita S.p.A. (Indipendent 
Director); and 
− 
Mediolanum 
Assicurazioni 
S.p.A. 
(Indipendent Director). 
Giacinto Gaetano 
Sarubbi 
Non-executive  
Director 
 
Independent as per 
the 
Financial 
Services Act and the 
Corporate 
Governance Code 
− 
A2A S.p.A. (Chairperson of the Board of 
Auditors); 
− 
We Build S.p.A. (formerly SALINI 
IMPREGILO S.p.A.) (Chairperson of 
the Board of Auditors); 
− 
LIDL ITALIA S.r.l. (statutory Auditor); 
and 
− 
LIDL SERVIZI IMMOBILIARI S.r.l. 
(statutory Auditor). 
Board of Statutory Auditors 
The Board of Statutory Auditors holds the supervisory function and oversees, inter alia, the functioning 
of the internal control system, the compliance with legal, regulatory and statutory provisions and the 
adequacy of the organisational, administrative and accounting structure. It also represents the 
supervisory body pursuant to the provisions of Legislative Decree No. 231/2001. 
Each component of the Board of Statutory Auditors will remain in office for three exercises, and anyway 
until the meeting for the approval of the financial statement of the third exercise. For the sake of clarity, 
each component can be re-elected. 
Composition 
NAME AND 
SURNAME 
OFFICE HELD IN THE 
ISSUER 
PRINCIPAL OFFICES HELD IN 
OTHER COMPANIES 
Francesco 
Schiavone Panni 
Chairperson of the Board 
of Statutory Auditors 
− Alerion Clean Power S.p.A.  (Chairperson 
of the Board of Auditors); 
− Naviris S.p.A. (Chairperson of the Board 
of Auditors);

--- Page 160 ---
0016595-0000284 EUO2: 2002423359.18 
160 
 
− Tim Sparkle S.p.A. (Chairperson of the 
Board of Auditors); and 
− 
Edilabor S.r.l. (Sole Director). 
Antonella 
Lunardi 
Statutory Auditor 
N/A  
Gian Piero Sala 
Statutory Auditor 
− 
Mediolanum Vita S.p.A. (Auditor); 
− PREXTA S.p.A. (già EuroCQS S.p.A.) 
(Chairperson of the Board of Auditors); 
− MEDIOLANUM FIDUCIARIA S.P.A. 
(statutory Auditor); 
− FINPROG ITALIA S.p.A. (Chairperson 
of the Board of Auditors); 
− IMMOBILIARE DELLA FIERA S.p.A. 
(Statutory Auditor); 
− IMMOBILIARE ZOAGLI S.r.l. (Sole 
Director); and 
− 
IMMOBILIARE BOSCHETTO SAS 
(Socio Accomandatario)). 
Claudia 
Mezzabotta 
Alternate Auditor 
N/A 
 
Roberto Luigi 
Rampoldi 
Alternate Auditor 
N/A 
Maria Vittoria 
Bruno  
 
Alternate Auditor 
N/A 
All members of the Board of Directors and of the Board of Statutory Auditors meet the integrity and 
professional requirements provided for by the legislation and regulations currently in force.  
All members of the Board of Statutory Auditors are on the Register of Auditors. 
General Management  
NAME AND 
SURNAME 
OFFICE HELD IN THE 
ISSUER 
PRINCIPAL OFFICES HELD IN OTHER 
COMPANIES 
Gianluca Bosisio 
General Manager 
− PREXTA S.p.A. (già EuroCQS S.p.A.) 
(Director); and

--- Page 161 ---
0016595-0000284 EUO2: 2002423359.18 
161 
 
− 
Banco Mediolanum (Director). 
Angelo Lietti 
CFO and Manager 
responsible for corporate 
financial reporting  
− 
Mediolanum Vita S.p.A. (Director); 
− 
Mediolanum 
Assicurazioni 
S.p.A. 
(Director); and 
− PREXTA S.p.A. (formerly EuroCQS S.p.A.) 
(Director). 
The business address of each member of the Board of Directors, Board of Statutory Auditors and 
General Management is Banca Mediolanum S.p.A., Palazzo Meucci – Via Francesco Sforza – 20079 
Basiglio, Milan, Italy. 
Conflicts of interests of the administration, management and control bodies  
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, and to the Issuer’s knowledge – including upon examination as 
required under article 36 of Law Decree No. 201 of 6 December 2011, as converted into Law No. 214 
of 22 December 2011 – no member of the Board of Statutory Auditors, the Board of Directors or the 
general management of the Issuer is subject to potential or actual conflicts of interest between their 
obligations arising out of their office or employment with the Issuer or the Group and any duties to the 
Issuer and their private interest and any of their other duties which may prejudice the autonomy and 
independence of such subjects, except for those that may concern transactions put before the competent 
bodies of the Issuer and/or entities belonging to the Group, such transactions having been undertaken 
in compliance with the relevant regulations in force.  
The members of the administrative, management and control bodies of the Issuer are required to 
implement the following provisions governing circumstances in which there exists a specific interest 
concerning the implementation of a transaction: 
− 
Article 53 (Supervisory regulations) of the Italian Consolidated Banking Act and the relevant 
implementing regulations issued by the Bank of Italy, with particular reference to the supervisory 
regulations relating to transactions with related parties; 
− 
Article 136 (Duties of banking officers) of the Italian Consolidated Banking Act which requires 
the adoption of a particular authorisation procedure where an officer, directly or indirectly, 
assumes obligations towards the bank in which such officer has an administrative, management 
or control function; 
− 
Article 2391 (Directors’ interests) of the Italian Civil Code; and 
− 
Article 2391-bis (Transactions with related parties) of the Italian Civil Code and the relevant 
implementing regulations issued by the CONSOB. 
The Issuer and its corporate bodies have adopted internal measures and procedures to guarantee 
compliance with the above-mentioned provisions. 
3. 
MAJOR SHAREHOLDERS.  
Entities controlling the Issuer 
As of 30 June 2022, according to the public information currently available to the Issuer, the following 
entities hold directly or indirectly stakes higher than 5% in the capital of the Issuer:

--- Page 162 ---
0016595-0000284 EUO2: 2002423359.18 
162 
 
 
− 
Mr. Ennio Doris (died on 24 November 2021), Mrs. Lina Tombolato, Mr. Massimo Antonio 
Doris and Mrs. Annalisa Sara Doris (collectively, the Doris Family) 40.385%;13 and 
− 
Finanziaria d’Investimento Fininvest S.p.A. 30.122%. 
 
The remaining shares equal to 28.828% (free float) are held by other shareholders. 
 
No arrangements, the operation of which may at a subsequent time result in a change in control of the 
Issuer, are known to the same Issuer. 
4. 
ASSET QUALITY  
As at 30 June 2022, the Group has a credit book with total stock of Euro 15.4 billion, largely (ca 70%) 
represented by mortgages. This result poses in line with the positive trend of growth reached in years 
2019, 2020 and 2021 (with a total stock of Euro 10.3, 12.1 and 14.4 billion, respectively). It is also 
brought out that the Group’s lending activity is purely aimed at retail clients. The quality of assets is 
extremely high, since the Group connotes itself as “best in class” in the credit scene, with very low non-
performing exposures (NPE) and cost of risk values (1.32%, gross value, 0.72% net value and 0.10% 
as at 30 June 2022, respectively).  
5. 
REGULATORY CAPITAL 
On 28 December 2021, the Bank of Italy’s banking and financial supervision department introduced 
the minimum capitalization limits for the Group, as a result of the periodic prudential review and 
assessment process (SREP) as of the year 2022. These requirements were defined as binding, starting 
from 1 January 2022 until 31 December 2022 as follows:  
• 
primary tier 1 capital ratio (CET1 ratio) of 7.75%, consisting of a binding measure of 5.25% 
(including 4.5% against the regulatory minimum requirements and 0.75% against the additional 
requirements determined as a result of the SREP) and the remainder from the capital 
conservation buffer component; 
• 
Tier 1 capital ratio (Tier1 ratio) of 9.51% composed of a binding measure of 7.01% (of which 
6.0% against minimum regulatory requirements and 1.01% against additional requirements 
determined as a result of the SREP) and for the remainder by the capital conservation buffer 
component; and 
• 
total capital ratio of 11.85%, consisting of a binding measure of 9.35% (of which 8.0% against 
minimum regulatory requirements and 1.35% against additional requirements determined as a 
result of the SREP) and the remainder from the capital conservation reserve component. 
To ensure compliance with the binding measures described above, even if the economic and financial 
environment deteriorates, the Bank of Italy also identified the following levels of capital, which the 
Group was required to maintain on an ongoing basis: 
• 
primary tier 1 capital ratio (CET1 ratio): 8.25%, composed of an Overall Capital Requirement 
(OCR) CET1 ratio of 7.75% and a Target Component (Pillar 2 Guidance – P2G), against a 
                                                     
13 The Doris family is bound by a shareholders agreement, which includes FINPROG ITALIA S.p.A. (a 20.08% shareholder of the Issuer), 
for a total of 40.386% of syndicated shares. FINPROG ITALIA is owned by the four members of the Doris family but has no controlling 
entity.

--- Page 163 ---
0016595-0000284 EUO2: 2002423359.18 
163 
 
higher risk exposure under stress conditions, of 0.5%; 
• 
Tier 1 capital ratio (Tier 1 ratio): 10.01%, consisting of an Overall Capital Requirement Tier 1 
ratio of 9.51% and a Target Component (P2G), against a higher risk exposure under stress 
conditions, of 0.5%; 
• 
Total capital ratio: 12.35% composed of an Overall Capital Requirement Total capital ratio of 
11.85% and a Target Component (P2G), against higher risk exposure under stress conditions, 
of 0.5%. 
On a fully loaded basis as of 30 June 2022, Group’s capital ratio was Common Equity Tier 1 ratio of 
21.1%. 
It should also be noted that the Issuer is the parent company of the Group and the Financial 
Conglomerate (Conglomerato Finanziario), which also includes the subsidiaries Mediolanum Vita 
S.p.A., Mediolanum Assicurazioni S.p.A. and Mediolanum International Life DAC dedicated to the 
insurance sector. As of 30 June 2022, the capital adequacy of the Financial Conglomerate was 
determined in accordance with the relevant regulatory requirements for bank-dominated financial 
conglomerates. Specifically, against the conglomerate’s capital needs of EUR 2,401 million, the 
financial conglomerate’s capital resources to cover the required margin amounted to EUR 2,061 million 
with a surplus of Euro 660 million. The requirement of the insurance sectors are relating to the last 
quarterly report (31 March 2022) sent by the Gruppo Assicurativo Mediolanum to the supervisory 
authority. 
With reference to the insurance business of the Group, as of 31 March 2021, the solvency ratio (i.e. the 
ratio of the eligible amount of own funds to cover the solvency capital requirement) is equal to 170.5%, 
with a Solvency capital requirement of EUR1,096 million and own funds equal to EUR 1,869.0 million. 
In addition to the CRD IV Directive capital requirements, the BRRD (as defined below) introduced 
requirements for banks to have a sufficient aggregate amount of own funds and liabilities (“Minimum 
Requirement for Own Funds and Eligible Liabilities” – “MREL”) at all times. The MREL requirement 
is equivalent to the amount of the Issuer’s own funds and eligible liabilities (passività ammissibili) 
necessary in order to absorb losses measured against total risk exposures and leverage exposure. The 
Issuer is required to meet the MREL requirements on a consolidated basis; these requirements bind the 
issuer’s liabilities and potentially also require the use of subordinated liabilities with an impact on costs 
and potentially on the Issuer’s funding capacity. Also within the comprehensive package of reforms, 
proposed by the European Commission, on 23 November 2016, to further strengthen the resilience of 
EU banks and investment firms (Banking Reform Package). Furthermore, the Directive 2019/879/EU 
(as amended, BRRD II), which amended the BRRD (as defined below), introduced, inter alia, 
significant changes to the rules regarding the calibration of the MREL requirement and the timing of its 
introduction.  
On 9 December 2021, the “Single Resolution Committee” (Comitato di Risoluzione Unico) has notified 
the decision on the minimum requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities. As of 1 January 2024, 
Group will have to comply on a consolidated basis with an MREL-TREA requirement,14 of 17.77% of 
risk-weighted assets – 20.27%, including the “Combined Buffer Requirement (as defined under Article 
128 pt. 6 of Directive 2013/36/EU“  – and an MREL-LRE requirement15 of 5.33% of leverage exposure, 
on a consolidated basis.  
From 1 January 2022, pending the implementation of the Single Resolution Committee decision 
referred to above, the Issuer is required to comply on a consolidated basis with an intermediate MREL-
TREA requirement of 8% of risk-weighted assets – 10.5% including the combined buffer requirement 
                                                     
14 Amount of own funds and eligible liabilities expressed as a percentage of the bank’s total risk exposure. 
15 Amount of own funds and eligible liabilities expressed as a percentage of the leverage ratio exposure (LRE).

--- Page 164 ---
0016595-0000284 EUO2: 2002423359.18 
164 
 
component – and an intermediate MREL-LRE requirement of 3% of the leverage exposure.  
According to capital projections Banca Mediolanum will be compliant with the final MREL 
requirement (2024) with CET1 capital. In particular, as of 31 December 2021, the MREL-TREA is 
equal to 20.95% and the MREL-LRE is equal to 5.99%. 
6. 
COURT AND ARBITRATION PROCEEDINGS 
The Issuer and the companies belonging to the Group are subject to a number of court proceedings 
related to the conduct of their core business operations. Set out below is a brief description of the legal 
proceedings pending against the Issuer and the other companies belonging to the Group which are 
considered the most important in the Issuer’s opinion. 
Legal proceedings initiated against the Issuer 
As of 30 June 2022, the legal proceedings pending against the Issuer and the companies belonging to 
the Group are, in the Issuer’s opinion, to be considered ordinary in nature when taking into account the 
business operations involved, the size of the Group and the risks inherent in the provision of banking 
and investment services. In any case, there remains the risk that the Issuer and its subsidiaries may incur 
losses in connection with the proceedings currently pending, as described in further detail below.  
In line with the likelihood of losses of this type and with applicable accounting standards in force, as of 
30 June 2022 the Issuer has set aside a prudential reserve which it considers adequate to cover risks 
related to lawsuits of Euro 15.2 million. 
Legal proceedings with the Tax Authorities 
 
On 24 April 2018, as a result of an inspection procedure, the Finance Police (Guardia di Finanza) of 
Milan had contested the Irish subsidiary Mediolanum International Funds Limited’s tax residence in 
Italy. Subsequently, the Internal Revenue Service (“Agenzia delle Entrate - Direzione Regionale per la 
Lombardia - Ufficio Grandi Contribuenti” (hereinafter, Internal Revenue Service), traced the original 
dispute back to an issue of correct determination of the fees agreed by the Issuer and the subsidiary 
Mediolanum Vita with Mediolanum International Funds Limited, for the marketing in Italy of mutual 
funds promoted by the Irish company.  
 
On 19 December 2018, a trilateral settlement agreement was reached for the years 2010 to 2013, which 
provided for the redetermination at the higher rate of 64.25%, instead of 57.43%, of the amount of 
management fees to be paid to Banca Mediolanum and Mediolanum Vita S.p.A., as well as the 
allocation to Banca Mediolanum of a percentage share, of the performance fees received by the Irish 
subsidiary. 
 
Banca Mediolanum  
 
The Internal Revenue Service, with only one dispute concerning Mediolanum International Fund’s fund 
marketing activities, recalculated at 64.25% (instead of 57.43%) the retrocession of management fees, 
as well as attributed to the Issuer a percentage share of the performance fees received by the Irish 
subsidiary, issuing the following notices of assessment for IRES (corporate income tax) and IRAP 
(regional production tax) purposes. 
 
- Year 2014: on 19 December 2019, the Internal Revenue Service served notices of assessment 
contesting additional taxable income of which Euro 20.7 million from the recalculation from 
57.43% to 64.25% of the retrocession of management fees and Euro 32.4 million resulting from 
the allocation of 20.38% of performance fees. In total, higher taxes of Euro 17.6 million were

--- Page 165 ---
0016595-0000284 EUO2: 2002423359.18 
165 
 
assessed (including IRES of Euro 14.6 million and IRAP of Euro 3 million); 
 
- Year 2015: on 24 April 2020, the Internal Revenue Service served notices of assessment contesting 
higher taxable income of Euro 23.5 million from the recalculation of the retrocession of 
management fees, as well as Euro 70.3 million from the allocation of 23.83% of performance fees. 
In total, higher taxes of Euro 31.2 million were assessed (including IRES of Euro 26 million and 
IRAP of Euro 5.2 million); 
 
- Year 2016: on 8 May 2020, assessment notices were served, determining additional taxable income 
of Euro 24.4 million due to the recalculation of the retrocession of management fees and Euro 46.2 
million resulting from the allocation of 21.1% of performance fees to the Issuer. In total, higher 
taxes of Euro 23.3 million were assessed (including IRES of Euro 19.4 million and IRAP of Euro 
3.9 million). 
 
In view of the estimative nature of the disputes and due to the diligent actions of the Issuer, which 
prepared the documentation required by transfer pricing regulations, the Internal Revenue Service did 
not impose administrative tax penalties, pursuant to article 1, paragraph six, of Legislative Decree No. 
471 of 18 December 1997. 
The Issuer has appealed the notices of assessment to the Provincial Tax Commission (Commissione 
Tributaria Provinciale) of Milan. 
 
The Issuer therefore continued to set aside annually for the higher taxes potentially due in respect of the 
recalculation of the retrocession of management fees at 64.25%, net of the corresponding recovery of 
the amount already paid to the Irish tax authorities in respect of such higher taxable income. No 
allocation has been made for the higher taxable income arising in connection with the Issuer’s 
performance fees, as there was confidence that, thanks also to the support of an authoritative tax 
advisory firm, this finding will not be upheld during the arbitration procedure, in line with market 
practice and evidence. 
 
As of 30 June 2022, the total provision is equal to Euro 36.3 million and the charge for the relevant 
period is equal to Euro 2.5 million. 
 
Mediolanum Vita S.p.A. 
The Internal Revenue Service, with a single dispute concerning Mediolanum International Fund’s fund 
marketing activities, recalculated the retrocession of management fees at 64.25% (instead of 57.43%), 
issuing the following notices of assessment for IRES and IRAP purposes: 
- 
year 2014: on 18 December 2019 notices of assessment were served, determined higher income of 
10.4 million and related taxes totalling Euro 3.6 million;  
- 
year 2015: on 5 May 2020 notices of assessment were served with higher income of approximately 
Euro 12.8 million and related taxes totalling Euro 4.4 million; 
- 
year 2016: on 8 May 2020 notices of assessment were served with corresponding higher income 
of Euro 12.9 million and related taxes totalling Euro 4.5 million.  
In view of the estimative nature of the disputes and due to the diligent actions of Mediolanum Vita 
S.p.A., which prepared the documentation required by transfer pricing regulations, the Internal Revenue 
Service did not impose administrative tax penalties, pursuant to Article 1, paragraph six, of Legislative 
Decree No. 471 of December 18, 1997. 
The company has appealed the notices of assessment to the Provincial Tax Commission (Commissione

--- Page 166 ---
0016595-0000284 EUO2: 2002423359.18 
166 
 
Tributaria Provinciale) of Milan. 
The Company sets aside year by year the higher taxes potentially due from the recalculation of the 
retrocession of management fees at 64.25 percent, net of the corresponding recovery of the amount 
already paid to the Irish tax authorities against this higher taxable income. 
As of 30 June 2022, the total provision is Euro 12.4 million and the charge for the period is Euro 0.6 
million. 
 
Arbitration proceedings  
Banca Mediolanum  
 
- Years 2010 - 2013: in June 2020, the Mutual Agreement Procedure (MAP) under Article 24 of the 
“Convention for the Avoidance of Double Taxation with Respect to Taxes on Income between Italy 
and Ireland was activated”, with the intention of obtaining from the Irish authorities a tax credit 
corresponding to the higher tax bases assessed in Italy; 
 
- Years 2014 - 2016: with regard to the notices of assessment for the years 2014, 2015 and 2016, in 
May 2020, applications were submitted for the initiation of the MAP provided for by the European 
Arbitration Convention No. 90/436/EC, which allows the matter to be referred to an arbitration 
judgment established between the Italian and Irish tax authorities; 
 
- Years 2019 - 2023: in August 2019, the Issuer applied for the initiation of a procedure involving the 
signing of a bilateral prior agreement between the Italian and Irish tax authorities pursuant to Art. 
24(3) of the “Convention for the Avoidance of Double Taxation with Respect to Taxes on Income 
between Italy and Ireland”, with the aim of jointly determining the amount of the retrocession of 
mutual fund management fees to be paid by the subsidiary Mediolanum International Funds to the 
Issuer for its placement activities in Italy (APA or Advanced Pricing Agreement for short). 
 
 
Mediolanum Vita S.p.A. 
 
- Years 2010 - 2013: in June 2020, the MAP under Article 24 of the “Convention for the Avoidance 
of Double Taxation with Respect to Taxes on Income between Italy and Ireland” was activated, with 
the intention of obtaining from the Irish authorities a tax credit corresponding to the higher tax bases 
assessed in Italy; 
 
- Years 2014 - 2016: in May 2020, applications were submitted for the initiation of the MAP provided 
for by the European Arbitration Convention No. 90/436/EC, which allows the matter to be referred 
to an arbitration judgment established between the Italian and Irish tax authorities; 
- Years 2019 - 2023: in December 2019, the Issuer applied for the initiation of a procedure involving 
the signing of a prior bilateral agreement between the Italian and Irish tax authorities, pursuant to 
Art. 24(3) of the “Convention for the Avoidance of Double Taxation with Respect to Taxes on 
Income between Italy and Ireland”, with the aim of jointly determining the amount of the 
retrocession of mutual fund management commissions to be paid by Mediolanum International 
Funds to Mediolanum Vita S.p.A. for the proposal of its UCITs combined with the latter’s insurance 
investment contracts in Italy (APA or Advanced Pricing Agreement for short). 
 
7. 
MATERIAL CONTRACTS  
At the date of the Base Prospectus, the Issuer and the Group companies have not implemented, signed

--- Page 167 ---
0016595-0000284 EUO2: 2002423359.18 
167 
 
and/or planned material contracts other than those entered into in the normal course of their typical 
activities that could affect the Issuer’s ability to meet its obligations to the Noteholders. 
8. 
RECENT DEVELOPMENTS  
On 16 March 2022, the Issuer announced the implementation of certain incentive plans. In particular, 
reference is made to the (i) tables No. 1 of Schedule 7 of Annex 3A of the Regulation No. 11971/1999, 
containing an update on the implementation status of the performance share plans adopted by the Issuer 
– and specifically, to the performance share plans in force on the date of this press release and referred 
to the financial years 2015, 2016, 2017, 2018, 2019 and 2020 and reserved to the so-called “top 
management” and to the employees belonging to the sales network of the Issuer and/or its subsidiaries, 
qualified as “significant personnel” and “non-significant personnel” – are attached to this press release; 
(ii) table No. 1 of Schedule 7 of Annex 3A of the Regulation No. 11971/1999, containing an update on 
the implementation status of the stock option plan called “2010 Employees’ Plan” reserved to the 
employees belonging to the sales network of the Issuer and of its subsidiaries, is also attached to this 
press release. For further information regarding the aforementioned performance share and stock option 
plans, please consult the historical information provided in the information documents drafted pursuant 
to Article 84-bis of Regulation no. 11971/1999 and available on the Issuer’s website 
www.bancamediolanum.it (Section “Other corporate documents”). For the sake of completeness, the 
Issuer pointed out that the following performance share plans shall be considered terminated, having 
expired all their effects following the conversion into ordinary shares of the Issuer of all of relevant 
granted units: (i) “Top Management Plan 2016 – Significant Personnel”; (ii) “Top Management Plan 
2017 – Non-significant Personnel”; and (iii) “Employees’ Plan 2017 – Significant Personnel”. 
9. 
SUSTAINABILITY INITIATIVES  
Sustainability is an integral part of the Issuer’s values and culture, and is expressed in the way the Issuer 
does business, the attention the Group pays to its customers, the support it gives to its employees and 
Family Bankers, and the respect it gives to the environment, contributing to the community in which it 
operates and lives. Such four responsibilities also find manifestation in the so-called “matrice di 
materialità”, a tool that summarises the issues that are relevant to Banca Mediolanum for the realisation 
of sustainable business; these issues are dependent on listening to those who lead the company and 
involving the Group’s stakeholders. 
From an organisational perspective, the Issuer adopted an internal structure reporting to the CEO of the 
Issuer, which is specifically dedicated to sustainability matters. In particular, such structure is 
responsible for coordinating sustainability activities, ensuring the implementation of the strategy in 
collaboration with all the Group’s departments, and managing the Issuer’s social and solidarity 
initiatives as well as the preparation of the consolidated non-financial statement. Furthermore, the 
structure leads a sustainability development programme composed of ongoing projects, ranging from 
environmental issues to community support to responsible finance. 
Environmental Social Governance (ESG) policies overview 
- 
Sustainability Policy: defined and approved by the Issuer’s Board of Directors since 2019, it is 
aimed at (i) outlining the guidelines for the Group and aims to generate values for all the 
stakeholders in line with the materiality matrix priorities; and (ii) improving ESG risk management 
for the Group according to Italian Law Decree 254/16; 
- 
NFR Policy: it outlines and describes the principles for the non-financial reporting in line with 
Directive 2014/95/UE (as transposed in Italy by Law Decree 254/16). For the sake of clarity, such 
document is drafted and adopted by the Issuer in its capacity as Parent Company and by all the 
fully consolidated subsidiaries;

--- Page 168 ---
0016595-0000284 EUO2: 2002423359.18 
168 
 
- 
Environmental Policy: defined and approved by the Issuer’s Board of Directors since 2019, it is 
an operative document providing guidelines on purchase/ consumption of sustainable products, 
energy and climate change, waste management; 
- 
Human Rights Policy: defined and approved by the Issuer’s Board of Directors since 2020, it 
defines the Group commitment in line with 2011 UN Guiding Principles on Business and Human 
Rights; 
- 
Donations Policy: defined and approved by the Issuer’s Board of Directors since 2018, it has been 
structured in line with the definition of “liberalità” as provided in the Italian Civil Code. Under 
such policy, donations could be provided to individuals, including clients that are in situations of 
hardship or to non-profit organisations;  
- 
Responsible Finance and Products Policy: defined and approved by the Issuer’s Board of 
Directors since 2020, it defines the relevant principles and guidelines which are necessary to 
integrate the ESG aspects in all the products offered (banking, lending, protection and investments) 
to clients; and  
- 
Event Management Policy: defined and approved by the Issuer’s Board of Directors since 2020, 
it provides for the operative guidelines in the organisation of events considering ESG aspects 
according to ISO 20121 standards.  
ESG Risk Management Overview and Framework pursuant to Legislative Decree No. 254/16    
During 2021, the process of identification, evaluation and management of ESG risk envisaged: 
(a) 
the mapping of 118 material, non-financial risks, 40% of which internally generated. Compared 
to the 2020, one risk on Responsible Finance was added and two risks on Human Capital were 
eliminated, being no more meaningful; and 
(b) 
allocation of the above-mentioned risks to 31 risk owners spread across Head of Directorates and 
Functions.  
Under a qualitative point of view, 95% of ESG risks in the framework have a medium/low assessment. 
Mitigating actions put in place by the single risk owners cover 92% of the  “materiality matrix” (matrice 
di materialità) topics, equal to almost 60% of all the risks. 
The most relevant gap in terms of management and mitigation is the one linked to responsible finance. 
To address this, the Issuer on one side adopted an offering model of sustainable products and on the 
other side adopted a policy on responsible investments. 
ESG targets  
Banca Mediolanum recognises the sustainability implementation path based on: 
(a) a programme on a multi-year sustainability basis, which involves most of the Issuer’s 
departments and is based on the relevant issues reported in the aforementioned materiality matrix 
(“Responsible Business”, “Person-Centeredness”, “Responsible Finance”, “Community Support”, 
“Diversity and Inclusion”, “Direct Environmental Impacts”, “Procurement Policies and Supplier 
Assessment”), which is internally composed of projects with strategic, tactical and operational 
impact; and 
(b) five strategic goals that further guide and engage the company related to:

--- Page 169 ---
0016595-0000284 EUO2: 2002423359.18 
169 
 
- 
Governance: aligning governance Group’s policies and practices to regulations for listed 
companies (so-called “sustainable success”) and to the best market standards to create 
sustainable value for all the Group’s stakeholders; 
- 
 Products and services: in line with its client-centric business model, the Issuer keeps on 
integrating ESG factors both in the products/services and in the relationship with its customers; 
it also gives to its customers more visibility on sustainability aspects of their investment 
portfolios; 
- 
Environmental impact: in line with SDGs 7 and 13, the 2021-2025 Strategic Plan (i) envisages 
more focus on affordable as well as clean energy and climate action; (ii) measure the carbon 
footprint of the Group; and (ii) sets objectives and action plans to limit the environmental 
impacts;  
- 
Sustainable procurement: in line with SDGs 12, more focus on responsible consumption and 
production, in particular selecting and managing suppliers aligned to the sustainability 
principles adopted by the Group; and 
- 
Support to the community: in line with SDGs 1, no poverty, the 2021-2025 Strategic Plan is 
aimed at increasing, among others, the so-called “Prestito di Soccorso”. It also keeps on 
supporting the territory with the so-called “Mediolanum Insieme” programme with one 
association for each region in 2022 and with two associations for each region within 2025.  
 
Mediolanum Green, Social and Sustainability Bond Framework 
 
Mediolanum Green, Social and Sustainability Bond Framework (the Green, Social and Sustainability 
Bond Framework) has been established according to the Green Bond Principles 2021 and Social Bond 
Principles 2021 as well as the Sustainability Bond Guidelines 2021, which are overseen by the 
International Capital Market Association (ICMA). This Green, Social and Sustainability Bond 
Framework represents a sustainable financing tool that ensures transparency on the use of proceeds and 
promotes the integrity of the sustainable bond market. 
 
Mediolanum Green, Social and Sustainability Bond Framework is presented through the following key 
pillars: 
 
1. use of proceeds 
2. process for project evaluation and selection 
3. management of proceeds 
4. reporting 
5. external review 
 
Mediolanum‘s Green, Social and Sustainability Bond Framework encompasses three different types of 
sustainable bonds, namely: 
 
• 
Green bonds: any type of bond instrument where the proceeds will be exclusively applied to 
finance or re-finance projects with clear environmental benefits and which are aligned with the 
four core components of the Green Bond Principles (GBP) administered by the ICMA; 
 
• 
Social bonds: aligned with the four core components of the Social Bond Principles (SBP) 
overseen by the ICMA and financing projects that directly aim to address or mitigate a specific 
social issue and/or seek to achieve positive social outcomes, especially but not exclusively for 
a target population(s); and

--- Page 170 ---
0016595-0000284 EUO2: 2002423359.18 
170 
 
• 
Sustainability bonds: any type of bond instrument where the proceeds or an equivalent amount 
will be exclusively applied to finance or re-finance a combination of both Green and Social 
projects. Sustainability Bonds are aligned with the four core components of both the GBP and 
SBP with the former being especially relevant to underlying Green projects and the latter to 
underlying Social projects. 
 
Green, social or sustainability bonds can be issued as different debt instruments, including public or 
private placements, senior preferred, senior non-preferred and subordinated bonds in various formats 
and currencies. Further details will be provided in the applicable documentation related to the specific 
transaction. 
 
Mediolanum aims to actively monitor the ESG debt market and commits to periodically reviewing this 
Green, Social and Sustainability Bond Framework to ensure alignment with best market practices and 
other voluntary standards. 
 
This Green, Social and Sustainability Bond Framework, as well as any future updates, will apply to any 
green, social, sustainability bond issued by Mediolanum as long as any such instrument is still 
outstanding. 
 
10. 
CERTAIN REGULATORY ASPECTS RELATING TO THE ISSUER 
Banking Resolution under the EU Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive (BRRD) 
The Issuer as a bank is subject to the Directive 2014/59/EU, which is the so-called Bank Recovery and 
Resolution Directive (BRRD), as implemented in the Italian legal framework.  
In particular, the BRRD has been implemented in Italy through the adoption of two Legislative Decrees 
by the Italian Government, namely, Legislative Decrees No. 180/2015 and 181/2015 (together, the 
BRRD Decrees), both of which were published in the Italian Official Gazette on 16 November 2015. 
According to these provisions of law and in summary, in the event that the following conditions are 
met, the relevant bank shall be put under resolution: (i) the resolution Authority (in Italy, the Bank of 
Italy, acting in accordance with decisions taken by the EU resolution authority, the SRB (as defined 
below)) has determined, after consultation with the competent authority and vice versa, as applicable, 
that the bank is failing or is likely to fail; (ii) there is no reasonable prospect that any alternative private 
sector measures would prevent the failure of the institution within a reasonable timeframe; and (iii) a 
resolution action is necessary in the public interest (that is, it is necessary for the achievement of and is 
proportionate to one or more of the resolution objectives referred to in Article 31 of the BRRD and 
winding up of the bank under normal insolvency proceedings would not meet those resolution 
objectives to the same extent). In this context, an institution is considered as failing or likely to fail, 
alternatively, when: (a) it is, or is likely in the near future to be, in breach of requirements necessary to 
maintain its authorisation to carry out banking activities, because the institution has incurred or is likely 
to incur losses that will deplete all or a significant amount of its own funds; (b) its assets are, or are 
likely in the near future to be, less than its liabilities; (c) it is, or is likely in the near future to be, unable 
to pay its debts or other liabilities as they fall due; or (d) it requires extraordinary public financial 
support in order to recover (except in limited circumstances). 
Upon the opening of a resolution procedure, the resolution authorities are entrusted with the power to 
apply, on a stand-alone basis or in combination, the following tools:  
• 
the sale of business, through which the resolution authority may transfer to a purchaser, on 
commercial terms (except for the case in which the application of commercial terms may affect 
the effectiveness of the sale or other instruments of ownership issued by the business tool or 
impose a material threat to financial stability): (a) the shares of the bank under resolution; and

--- Page 171 ---
0016595-0000284 EUO2: 2002423359.18 
171 
 
(b) all or any assets, rights and liabilities of the latter;  
• 
incorporation of a so-called “bridge institution”, through which the resolution authority may 
transfer to the bridge institution (an entity created for this purpose that is wholly owned by one 
or more public authorities and is controlled by the resolution authority): (a) the shares or other 
instruments of ownership issued by the bank under resolution; and (b) all or any assets, rights 
and liabilities of the latter;  
• 
the asset separation, through which the resolution authority may transfer assets, rights or 
liabilities of a bank or of a bridge institution (e.g. impaired assets, such as non-performing 
exposures) to one or more asset management vehicles (an entity created for this purpose that is 
wholly or partially owned by one or more public authorities and is controlled by the resolution 
authority) with a view to maximizing their value through the sale or orderly winding down; and 
• 
bail-in, through which the resolution Authority may, jointly or severally: (a) write-down the 
bank’s Common Equity Tier 1 (CET1), Additional Tier 1 (AT1) and Tier 2 (T2) instruments; 
(b) write-down the eligible liabilities, including bonds (with certain exceptions); and (c) convert 
eligible liabilities into equity (shares or other instrument of ownership). 
As to the application of bail-in, the resolution Authority must take into account the ranking of the bank’s 
creditors according to the ordinary insolvency procedures, as the BRRD (and the corresponding Italian 
implementing rules) stipulates that, under resolution, no creditor may incur losses greater than they 
would have incurred under normal insolvency proceedings (the so called “no creditor worse off” 
principle). 
Thus, in general terms, the ranking of the persons which may be subject to bail-in – from the lowest to 
the highest – is the following:  
• 
holders of Common Equity Tier 1 instruments; 
• 
holders of Additional Tier 1 instruments;  
• 
holders of Tier 2 instruments, including subordinated notes; 
• 
holders of senior non-preferred notes;  
• 
holders of senior notes;  
• 
depositors qualifying as large firms; and 
• 
depositors qualifying as natural persons or SMEs.  
The deposits within EUR100,000 are protected by the Italian deposit guarantee schemes, such as the 
“Fondo Interbancario di Tutela dei Depositi (FITD). 
The non-preferred senior notes (notes intending to qualify as strumenti di debito chirografario di 
secondo livello of the Issuer, as defined under Article 12-bis of the Italian Consolidated Banking Act) 
are a new category of instrument introduced in Italy by the Italian Law No. 205/2017, implementing 
Directive (EU) 2017/2399. They constitute direct, unconditional, unsecured and non-preferred 
obligations, ranking junior to senior notes (or equivalent instruments), pari passu, without any 
preferences among themselves, and in priority to any subordinated instruments and to the claims of 
shareholders of the Issuer, pursuant to Article 91, section 1-bis, letter c-bis of the Italian Consolidated 
Banking Act.

--- Page 172 ---
0016595-0000284 EUO2: 2002423359.18 
172 
 
Without prejudice to the above, the resolution authority may, in specified exceptional circumstances, 
partially or fully exclude certain further liabilities from the application of the bail-in tool (the General 
Bail-In Tool).  
The BRRD also provides for a Member State as a last resort, after having assessed and applied the 
above resolution tools (including the General Bail-In Tool) to the maximum extent practicable while 
maintaining financial stability and subject to certain other conditions, to be able to provide extraordinary 
public financial support through additional financial stabilisation tools. These consist of the public 
equity support and temporary public ownership tools. Any such extraordinary financial support must 
be provided in accordance with the burden sharing requirements of the EU state aid framework and the 
BRRD. 
As an exemption from these principles, the BRRD allows for three kinds of extraordinary public support 
to be provided to a solvent institution without triggering resolution: (1) a State guarantee to back 
liquidity facilities provided by central banks according to the central banks’ conditions; (2) a State 
guarantee of newly issued liabilities; or (3) an injection of own funds in the form of precautionary 
recapitalisation. In the case of precautionary recapitalisation, EU state aid rules require that shareholders 
and junior bond holders contribute to the costs of restructuring. 
In addition to the General Bail-In Tool and other resolution tools, the BRRD provides for resolution 
authorities to have the further power to permanently write-down or convert into equity capital 
instruments at the point of non-viability and before any other resolution action is taken with losses taken 
in accordance with the priority of claims under normal insolvency proceedings (Non-Viability Loss 
Absorption).  
For the purposes of the application of any Non-Viability Loss Absorption measure, the point of non-
viability under the BRRD is the point at which (i) the relevant authority determines that the relevant 
entity meets the conditions for resolution (but no resolution action has yet been taken) or (ii) the relevant 
authority or authorities, as the case may be, determine(s) that the relevant entity or, in certain 
circumstances, its group will no longer be viable unless the relevant capital instruments are written-
down or converted; or (iii) extraordinary public financial support is required by the relevant entity other 
than, where the entity is an institution, for the purposes of remedying a serious disturbance in the 
economy of an EEA member state and to preserve financial stability. 
The BRRD also requires institutions to meet at all times a sufficient aggregate amount of own funds 
and “eligible liabilities” expressed as a percentage of the total liabilities and the own funds of the 
institution (i.e. Minimum Requirement for Own Funds and Eligible Liabilities or MREL). The aim 
is that the minimum amount should be proportionate and adapted for each category of bank on the basis 
of their risk or the composition of their sources of funding and to ensure adequate capitalisation to 
continue exercising critical functions post-resolution. The Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 
2016/1450 set out the assessment criteria that resolution authorities should use to determine the MREL 
for individual firms. The BRRD does not foresee an absolute minimum, but attributes the competence 
to set a minimum amount for each bank to national resolution authorities (for banks not subject to 
supervision by the ECB) or to the Single Resolution Board (the SRB) for banks subject to direct 
supervision by the ECB.  
The determination that securities issued by the Group will be subject to write-down, conversion or bail-
in is likely to be inherently unpredictable and may depend on a number of factors which may be outside 
of the Group’s control. This determination will also be made by the SRB and there may be many factors, 
including factors not directly related to the Issuer or the Group, which could result in such a 
determination. Because of this inherent uncertainty, it will be difficult to predict when, if at all, the 
exercise of a bail-in power may occur which would result in a principal write off or conversion to other 
securities, including equity. Moreover, as the criteria that the SRB will be obliged to consider in 
exercising any bail-in power provide it with considerable discretion, holders of the securities issued by

--- Page 173 ---
0016595-0000284 EUO2: 2002423359.18 
173 
 
the Group may not be able to refer to publicly available criteria in order to anticipate a potential exercise 
of any such power and consequently its potential effect on the Group and the securities issued by the 
Group. Potential investors in the securities issued by the Group should consider the risk that a holder 
may lose all or part of its investment, including the principal amount plus any accrued interest, if such 
statutory loss absorption measures are acted upon. 
Furthermore, on 1 June 2016, the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2016/860 of 4 February 2016 
(Delegated Regulation (EU) 2016/860) specifying further the circumstances where exclusion from the 
application of write-down or conversion powers is necessary under Article 44(3) of BRRD was 
published on the Official Journal of the European Union. In particular, this regulation lays down rules 
specifying further the exceptional circumstances provided for in Article 44(3) of BRRD, where the 
resolution authority may exclude, or partially exclude, certain liabilities from the application of the 
write down or conversion powers where the bail-in tool is applied. The Delegated Regulation (EU) 
2016/860 entered into force on 21 June 2016. 
Furthermore, under resolution, the resolution authorities have relevant ancillary power aimed at 
ensuring a smooth resolution of the bank. In particular, they are entitled to amend or alter the maturity 
of certain debt instruments (such as senior notes, non-preferred senior notes and subordinated notes) 
issued by the bank under resolution or to amend the amount of interest payable under such instruments, 
or the date on which the interest becomes payable, including by suspending payment for a temporary 
period. 
In general terms, the resolution authority is also entitled to cancel or modify the terms of any contract 
to which the bank under resolution is a party, to suspend the bank’s contractual obligations or to 
substitute a recipient as a party. 
On the other hand, the application of a resolution measure shall not, per se (i.e. provided that the bank 
continues to perform its obligations under the relevant agreements), make it possible to: (i) exercise any 
termination, suspension, modification, netting or set-off rights; (ii) obtain possession, exercise control 
or enforce any security over any property of the bank in relation to an agreement which includes cross-
default provisions; or (iii) affect any contractual rights of the bank in relation to an agreement which 
includes cross-default provisions. 
In this regard, it should be noted that, in any case, the BRRD Decrees introduced strict limitations on 
the possibility to exercise the rights of set-off normally available under Italian insolvency laws, in case 
of resolution.  
As to the financing of the resolution action, the resources may be provided by the national resolution 
funds and the SRB. However, in accordance with the burden-sharing principle, the intervention of such 
funds is only admitted where a contribution to loss absorption and recapitalisation equal to an amount 
not less than 8% of the total liabilities (including own funds) of the bank under resolution, measured at 
the time of the resolution action, has been made by the shareholders and the holders of other instruments 
of ownership, the holders of relevant capital instruments and other eligible liabilities through write 
down, conversion or otherwise. In any case, the contribution of the resolution funds shall not exceed 
5% of the total liabilities, including own funds of the bank under resolution, measured at the time of the 
resolution action. 
On 23 November 2016, the European Commission published a proposal to amend certain provisions of 
the BRRD. The proposal includes an amendment to Article 108 of the BRRD aimed at further 
harmonising the creditor hierarchy as regards the priority ranking of holders of bank senior unsecured 
debt in resolution and insolvency. A new class of so-called “senior non-preferred debt” was proposed 
to be added that would be eligible to meet the total loss absorbing capacity (TLAC)  requirements  and 
the MREL requirements. This new class of debt will be senior to all subordinated debt, but junior to 
ordinary unsecured senior claims.

--- Page 174 ---
0016595-0000284 EUO2: 2002423359.18 
174 
 
The proposal of the European Commission resulted in the adoption of Directive (EU) 2017/2399 of 12 
December 2017 amending the BRRD with regard to the ranking of unsecured debt instruments in 
insolvency hierarchy which was published in the Official Journal of the European Union on 27 
December 2017 and had to be transposed into national law by the Member States by 29 December 2018. 
In this regard, the Italian Law no. 205/2017, approved by the Italian Parliament on 27 December 2017, 
contains the implementing provisions pertaining to “non-preferred” senior debt instruments. 
The amendments to the BRRD do not affect the existing stocks of bank debt and their statutory ranking 
in insolvency pursuant to the relevant laws of the Member State in which the bank is incorporated. 
According to the SRB work programme 2020, during this year, the number of binding external MREL 
decisions is expected to reach 114, while 340 internal MREL decisions for relevant legal entities are 
envisaged. 
The EU Banking Framework includes BRRD II, which provides for a number of significant revisions 
to the BRRD. BRRD II provides that Member States were required to ensure implementation into local 
law by 28 December 2020 with certain requirements relating to the implementation of the TLAC 
standard applying from January 2022 while the transitional period for full compliance with MREL 
requirements is foreseen until 1 January 2024, with interim targets for a linear build-up of MREL set at 
1 January 2022. The EU Banking Framework includes, among the other things: 
(a) 
full implementation of the FSB’s TLAC standard in the EU and revisions to the existing MREL 
regime. Additional changes to the MREL framework include changes to the calculation 
methodology for MREL, criteria for the eligible liabilities which can be considered as MREL, 
the introduction of internal MREL and additional reporting and disclosure requirements on 
institutions; 
(b) 
introduction of a new category of “top-tier” banks, being banks which are resolution entities that 
are not G-SIIs but are part of a resolution group whose total assets exceed EUR100 billion; 
(c) 
the introduction of a new moratorium power for resolution authorities and requirements on the 
contractual stays in resolution; and 
(d) 
amendments to the article 55 regime in respect of the contractual recognition of bail-in. Changes 
to the BRRD under BRRD II impact how credit institutions and investment firms are managed 
as well as, in certain circumstances, the rights of creditors. 
In order to ensure compliance with MREL requirements, and in line with the FSB standard on TLAC, 
the BRRD II provides that in case a bank does not have sufficient eligible liabilities to comply with its 
MREL, the resultant shortfall is automatically filled up with CET1 Capital that would otherwise be 
counted towards meeting the combined capital buffer requirement. However, under certain 
circumstances, the BRRD II envisages a nine-month grace period before restrictions to discretionary 
payments to the holders of regulatory capital instruments and employees take effect due to a breach of 
the combined capital buffer requirement. 
On 20 May 2020, the Single Resolution Board published a non-binding policy named “Minimum 
Requirements for Own Funds and Eligible Liabilities (MREL) Policy under the Banking Package”, 
aiming at helping to ensure that MREL is set in the context of fully feasible and credible resolution 
plans for all types of banks, as well as promoting a level playing field across banks, including 
subsidiaries of non-banking Union (EU) banks. The policy addresses the following topics: 
(a) 
calibration: the policy provides for modifications and extensions of the SRB’s approach to MREL 
calibration in accordance with the framework set out by the EU Banking Framework;

--- Page 175 ---
0016595-0000284 EUO2: 2002423359.18 
175 
 
(b) 
subordination for resolution entities: the policy sets the following subordination requirements: (i) 
pillar 1 banks (being, for sake of clarity, the Basel II rules on capital adequacy, which is the 
minimum amount of capital that each bank shall comply with pursuant to the law) are subject to 
subordination requirements composed of a non-adjustable Pillar 1 MREL requirement that must 
be met with own funds instruments and eligible liabilities that are subordinated to all claims 
arising from excluded liabilities; (ii) Pillar 1 Banks’ resolution authorities shall ensure that the 
subordinated MREL resources of Pillar 1 Banks are equal to at least 8% of total liabilities and 
own funds (TLOF); and (iii) non-Pillar 1 Banks will be subject to a subordination requirement 
only upon the decision of the resolution authority to avoid a breach of the so called “no creditor 
worse off principle”, following a bank-specific assessment carried out as part of resolution 
planning; 
(c) 
internal MREL for non-resolution entities: the policy states that the SRB will progressively 
expand the scope of non-resolution entities for which it will adopt internal MREL decisions, and 
it may waive subsidiary institutions qualifying as non-resolution entities from internal MREL at 
certain conditions. In addition, the policy defines criteria for the SRB’s possibility to permit the 
use of guarantees to meet the internal MREL within the Member State of the resolution entity; 
(d) 
MREL for cooperative groups: the policy sets out minimum conditions to authorise certain types 
of cooperative networks to use eligible liabilities of associated entities other than the resolution 
entity to comply with the external MREL, as well as minimum conditions to waive the internal 
MREL of the legal entities that are part of the cooperative network; 
(e) 
eligibility of liabilities issued under the law of a third country: the policy expands on how 
liabilities issued under the law of third countries can be considered eligible through contractual 
recognition; and 
(f) 
transition arrangements: the policy explains the operationalisation of transitional periods up to 
the 2024 deadline, including binding intermediate targets in 2022 and informative targets in 2023, 
also stating that transitional arrangements must be bank-specific (since they depend on the MREL 
tailored to that bank and its resolution plan, and the bank’s progress to date in raising MREL-
eligible liabilities). 
In April 2020, the SRB published a letter which was sent to banks under its remit, outlining potential 
operational relief measures related to the COVID-19 outbreak. Of particular note, the SRB has stated 
that: 
(a) 
it is committed to working on 2020 resolution plans and issuing 2020 decisions on MREL 
according to the planned deadlines but it will apply a pragmatic and flexible approach to consider, 
where necessary, postponing less urgent information or data requests related to the 2020 
resolution planning cycle; and 
(b) 
it regards the liability data report, the additional liability report and the MREL quarterly template 
as essential and it expects banks to make every effort to deliver these documents on time but will 
assess possible leeway in submission dates for other reports, such as those related to critical 
functions and access to financial market infrastructures. 
In July 2020, the European Banking Authority (EBA) published a statement on resolution planning in 
light of COVID-19. The EBA states that it aims to reaffirm that resolution planning is crucial in times 
of uncertainty to ensure that resolution is a credible option in case of failure. The focus of the statement 
is ensuring that the current situation is effectively taken into account by resolution authorities while 
maintaining a “through the cycle” approach and ensuring that resolvability objectives are achieved. 
In September 2020, the European Commission issued a notice aimed at interpreting certain legal

--- Page 176 ---
0016595-0000284 EUO2: 2002423359.18 
176 
 
provisions of the revised bank resolution framework (i.e. BRRD, SRM Regulation, CRR and CRD IV 
Directive) in reply to questions raised by national competent authorities (NCAs), addressing the 
following issues: (i) the power to prohibit certain distributions; (ii) powers to suspend payment or 
delivery obligations; (iii) the selling of subordinated eligible liabilities to retail clients; (iv) minimum 
requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities; (v) bail-in tool; (vi) contractual recognition of bail-
in; (vii) write-down or conversion of capital instruments and eligible liabilities; (viii) exclusion of 
certain contractual terms in early intervention and resolution; and (ix) contractual recognition of 
resolution stay powers. As pinpointed by the same European Commission, the notice merely clarifies 
the provisions already contained in the applicable legislation, while it does not extend in any way the 
rights and obligations deriving from such legislation nor introduce any additional requirements of the 
concerned operators and competent authorities. 
In April 2021, the Commission Implementing Regulation (EU) 2021/763 on disclosure reporting on 
MREL and TLAC has been published, providing for: (i) draft uniform disclosure formats for MREL 
and TLAC disclosure according – respectively – to Articles 45i(6) of the BRRD and 434a of the CRR; 
(ii) draft uniform reporting templates, instructions and methodology for MREL and TLAC reporting 
according – respectively – to Articles 45i(5) of the BRRD and 430(7) of the CRR. Title I of the 
Commission Implementing Regulation (EU) 2021/763 shall apply from 28 June 2021, while Title II 
shall apply as of 1 June 2021 as regards the disclosures in accordance with Article 437a and point (h) 
of Article 447 of CRR, and as of the date of application of the disclosure requirements in accordance 
with the third subparagraph of Article 3(1) of Directive (EU) 2019/879, as regards the disclosures in 
accordance with Article 45i(3) of BRRD. 
On 1 December 2021, Legislative Decree no. 193 of 8 November 2021 (the 193 Decree), implementing 
the BRRD II into the Italian jurisdiction, entered into force, amending Legislative Decree no. 180/2015 
and the Italian Consolidated Banking Act.   
The amendments introduced to Legislative Decree no. 180/2015 aligned the Italian regulatory 
framework regulating MREL, and the criteria according to which it is determined, to the provisions set 
forth in BRRD II.   
In particular, the amended version of Legislative Decree no. 180/2015 clearly envisages that MREL 
shall be determined by the Bank of Italy on the basis of the following criteria:  
(v) 
the need to ensure that the application of the resolution tools to the resolution entity is adequate 
to meet the resolution’s objectives; 
(vi) 
the need to ensure that the resolution entity and its subsidiaries belonging to the same corporate 
group subject to resolution have sufficient own funds and eligible assets to ensure that, if the bail-in 
tool or write-down or conversion powers, respectively, were to be applied to them, losses could be 
absorbed and that it is possible to restore the total capital ratio and, as applicable, the leverage ratio to 
a level necessary to enable them to continue to comply with the conditions for authorisation, according 
to the regulatory framework currently in force, even if the resolution plan envisages the possibility for 
certain classes of eligible liabilities to be excluded from bail-in or to be transferred in full to a recipient 
under a partial transfer; 
(vii) 
the size, the business model, the funding model and the risk profile of the entity; and 
(viii) 
the extent to which the failure of the entity would have an adverse effect on financial stability, 
due to the interconnectedness of the entity with other institutions or entities or with the rest of the 
financial system. 
CRD V Directive and CRR II

--- Page 177 ---
0016595-0000284 EUO2: 2002423359.18 
177 
 
In November 2016, the European Commission (the EC) published a package of proposed amendments 
to CRD IV Directive and the CRR (the CRD V Directive and CRR II, respectively). Following the 
EC’s proposals, CRD V Directive and CRR II have been issued on 27 June 2019 as Directive 
2019/878/EU and Regulation 2019/876/EU respectively. CRD V Directive applies from 29 June 2020 
and CRR II largely applies from 28 June 2021.  
The amendments seek to implement some of the remaining aspects of Basel III and reforms which 
reflect EC findings on the impact of CRD IV Directive on bank financing of the EU economy. Certain 
of the changes such as new market risk rules, standardised approach to counterparty risk, details on the 
leverage ratio and net stable funding requirements and the tightening of the large exposures limit will 
particularly impact capital requirements. The amendments also seek to require financial holding 
companies in the European Union to become authorised and subject to direct supervision under CRD 
IV Directive. This will place formal direct responsibility on holding companies for compliance with 
consolidated prudential requirements for financial groups. The amendments also require third-country 
groups above a certain threshold with two or more credit institutions or investment firms in the 
European Union to establish an intermediate EU holding company. The minimum requirement for own 
funds and eligible liabilities provisions in the CRR are also amended to bring the requirement in line 
with the Financial Stability Board’s (FSB) final total loss absorbing capacity term sheet standards for 
globally significant institutions. 
The final capital framework to be established in the European Union under CRD V Directive and/or 
CRR II differs from Basel III in certain areas. In December 2017, the Basel Committee finalised further 
changes to the Basel III framework which include amendments to the standardised approaches to credit 
risk and operational risk and the introduction of a capital floor. In January 2019, the Basel Committee 
published revised final standards on minimum capital requirements for market risk. These proposals 
will need to be transposed into EU law before coming into force. The Basel Committee has 
recommended implementation commencing in 2022; however, timing of implementation in the 
European Union is uncertain. 
Among other measures taken by prudential regulators in response to the COVID-19 pandemic, the 
Group of Central Bank Governors and Heads of Supervision (GHOS) decided on 2 April 2020 to delay 
the implementation of these final Basel III standards by one year to 1 January 2023. 
On 27 October 2021, the Commission’s proposal was published, which transposes into the CRR (CRR3) 
and CRD (CRD6) the standards approved by the Basel Committee at the end of 2017, with specific 
reference to the treatment of the main risks (credit, market and operational) and the so-called “output 
floor”. It also contains references on the issue of climate risks and the approach that banks and 
supervisors will have to take. The directive is to be implemented within 18 months from the date of 
publication in the EU Official Journal, while the new CRR provisions are expected to come into force 
on 1 January 2025. 
The Supervisory Review and Evaluation Process 
The Issuer is subject to the Pillar 2 requirements for banks imposed under the CRD IV Directive and 
the CRR which will be impacted, on an on-going basis, by the Supervisory Review and Evaluation 
Process (SREP). The SREP is aimed at ensuring that institutions have in place adequate arrangements, 
strategies, processes and mechanisms to maintain the amounts, types and distribution of internal capital 
commensurate to their risk profile, as well as robust governance and internal control arrangements. The 
key purpose of the SREP is to ensure that institutions have adequate arrangements as well as capital 
and liquidity to ensure sound management and coverage of the risks to which they are or might be 
exposed, including those revealed by stress testing, as well as risks the institution may pose to the 
financial system.  
Credit Rating

--- Page 178 ---
0016595-0000284 EUO2: 2002423359.18 
178 
 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer has been rated: 
(a) 
“BBB” (long-term issuer credit rating) and“A-2” (short-term issuer credit rating) with outlook 
“stable” by S&P; and  
(b) 
“BBB” (long-term issuer default rating) and “F3” (short-term issuer default rating) with outlook 
“stable” by Fitch. 
A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to 
suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. 
Sustainability Rating  
In 2021, the Issuer has been assigned a sustainability rating being the “Corporate Sustainability 
Assessment” (which is a benchmark tool for companies to assess the financial materiality of their 
sustainability performance from the perspective of investors) equal to “52 out of 100” by the 
independent agency Standard & Poor’s Global, at the end of an analysis process conducted for the first 
time in a solicited form.  
During 2021, the first ESG index dedicated to Italian blue-chips was launched, designed to identify 
large Italian listed issuers with the best ESG practices (the so-called “MIB ESG Index”). The 
composition of such index is based on the analysis of ESG criteria by Vigeo Eiris (V.E.), a Moody’s 
ESG Solutions company, which evaluates the ESG performance of issuers. In October 2021, the Issuer 
entered into the composition of the MIB ESG index Ranking. Furthermore, the Issuer has been rated 
“A” in respect of the ESG rating being the “MSCI ESG Rating”, which aims at measuring a company’s 
management of financially relevant ESG risks and opportunities. 
In addition, the Issuer has been assigned a rating equal to “2.5 out of 5” by FTSE Russel (being a wholly 
owned subsidiary of London Stock Exchange Group which provides benchmarks, analytics, and data 
solutions with multi-asset capabilities globally). 
Moreover, the Issuer has been rated “EE” (long-term) and “EE-” by Standard Ethics. Such rating is 
issued to companies and organizations wishing to compare their ESG performance with guidelines and 
models promoted by, inter alios, the EU and OECD. 
Audit of the consolidated financial statements 
The Issuer states that the consolidated financial statements as at and for the year ended 31 December 
2021, approved by the Board of Directors on 2 March 2022 have been audited by the independent 
auditors, PricewaterhouseCoopers S.p.A. who issued their unqualified audit report on 15 March 2022. 
The Issuer states that the consolidated financial statements as at and for the year ended 31 December 
2020, approved by the Board of Directors on 3 March 2021 have been audited by the independent 
auditors, PricewaterhouseCoopers S.p.A. who issued their unqualified audit report on 23 March 2021. 
The consolidated financial statement have been prepared in accordance with International Financial 
Reporting Standards issued by the International Accounting Standards Board as adopted by the 
European Union (IFRS).  
Alternative Performance Measures  
In order to facilitate the understanding of economic and financial performance of the Group, the Issuer’s 
directors have identified certain Alternative Performance Measures (APMs).

--- Page 179 ---
0016595-0000284 EUO2: 2002423359.18 
179 
 
This Base Prospectus contains or incorporates by reference the following alternative performance 
measures, as defined by the European Securities and Markets Authority’s Guidelines on Alternative 
Performance Measures (ESMA/2015/1415), which are used by the management of the Issuer to monitor 
its financial and operating performance and to facilitate management in identifying operational trends 
and take about investment decisions, resource allocation and other operational decisions. 
With reference to the interpretation of these APMs, the management draws attention to the matters 
illustrated below: 
(i) 
these indicators are constructed exclusively from the Group’s historical data and is not 
indicative of the future performance of the Group; 
(ii) 
the APMs are not required by IFRS and, although derived from the Issuer’s consolidated 
financial statements, have not been audited; 
(iii) 
these financial measures should not be seen as a substitute for measures defined according to 
IFRS; 
(iv) 
reading of these APMs should be carried out together with the Group’s financial information 
from the Issuer’s audited consolidated financial statements for the years ended 31 December 
2021 and 2020 and the unaudited condensed consolidated interim financial statements as of and 
for the six months ended 30 June 2022 and 2021; and 
(v) 
it is to be noted that, since not all companies calculate APMs in the same manner, these APMs 
are not always comparable to measurements used by other companies. 
APMs used by the Group are processed with continuity and consistency of definition and representation 
for all periods for which financial information is included in this Base Prospectus. 
Measures of profitability16   
 
Altenative Performance Measures 
  
30-Jun-
22   
31-Dec-
21   
31-Dec-
20 
Return On Equity 
 
16.72%  
25.37%  
17.10% 
 
  
  
  
CET1 Ratio 
 
21.08%  
20.95%  
20.39% 
 
  
  
  
Cost/Income Ratio (ex mkt effect) 
 
49.08%  
50.58%  
54.32% 
 
  
  
  
Asset Under Management (€/mld) 
 
100.8  
108.4  
93.3 
 
  
  
  
Loan/Deposit Ratio 
 
59.78%  
57.63%  
54.30% 
 
  
  
  
Loan Loss Provision 
 
10 bps  
15 bps  
16 bps 
 
  
  
  
Gross NPL Ratio 
 
1.32%  
1.35%  
1.13% 
 
  
  
  
Net NPL Ratio 
 
0.72%  
0.74%  
0.57% 
 
                                                     
16 Source: elaboration by the Company based on internal data.

--- Page 180 ---
0016595-0000284 EUO2: 2002423359.18 
180 
 
For sake of clarity, the terms indicated in the chart above have the following meaning:  
“Return On Equity” means the shareholder remuneration index determined as the ratio of net income 
to average Shareholders’ Equity for the period including earnings. Net income in interim periods is 
annualized, adjusting the projection by excluding the effect of major extraordinary effects. 
“Common Equity Tier1 Ratio” means the solvency ratio expressed as the ratio of Commom Equity 
Tier 1 to Risk-Weighted Assets (RWA) calculated on the basis of Basel III regulations in application 
of the provisions of Regulation (EU) 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council of June 
26, 2013, Directive 2013/36/EU (CRD IV) and subsequent updates. 
“Cost/Income Ratio” means ratio of General and Administrative Expenses including Ordinary 
Contributions and Guarantee Funds to the Contribution Margin identifiable in the Reclassified 
Consolidated Income Statement, reported in the Financial Statements. For sake of clarity, such ratio 
does not consider the “Market Effect” item, i.e., items measured at Fair Value the Performance Fees. 
“Assets Under Management” means the total assets held by Customers pertaining to both asset 
management and assets under administration products, also attributable to third-party products. 
“Loan to Deposit Ratio” means the ratio of Stocks of Loans to Customers (outstanding debt, retail 
counterparties only) to Direct Deposits. 
“Loan Loss Provision” means the credit quality indicator calculated through the ratio of Net 
Adjustments to Loans recorded in the last 12 months to the Stocks of Loans to Customers (amortized 
cost), excluding loans not subject to adjustment, such as deposits with “Cassa Compensazione & 
Garanzia” and operating loans. 
“Gross NPL Ratio” means the ratio calculated as non-performing exposures before related provisions 
to the stock of loans to customers measured at amortized cost. 
“Net NPL Ratio” means the ratio calculated as net non-performing exposures to the Stock of loans to 
customers measured at amortized cost¸ net of adjustments on impaired and performing loans.

--- Page 181 ---
0016595-0000284 EUO2: 2002423359.18 
181 
 
TAXATION 
 
Tax legislation, including in the country where the investor is domiciled or tax resident and in the 
Issuer’s country of incorporation, may have an impact on the income that an investor receives 
from the Notes. 
The statements herein regarding taxation summarise the main tax consequences of the purchase, the 
ownership, the redemption and the disposal of the Notes. They apply to a holder of Notes only if such 
holder purchases its Notes in this offering. It is a general overview that does not apply to certain 
categories of investors and does not purport to be a comprehensive description of all the tax 
considerations which may be relevant to a decision to purchase, own or dispose of the Notes. It does 
not discuss every aspect of taxation that may be relevant to a holder of Notes if such holder is subject 
to special circumstances or if such holder is subject to special treatment under applicable law. 
Where in this overview English terms and expressions are used to refer to Italian concepts, the meaning 
to be attributed to such terms and expressions shall be the meaning to be attributed to the equivalent 
Italian concepts under Italian tax law. 
The statements herein regarding taxation are based on the laws in force in Italy as at the date of this 
Base Prospectus and are subject to any changes in law occurring after such date, which changes could 
be made on a retroactive basis. 
The laws and their interpretation by the tax authorities may change and such changes may also have 
retroactive effect. Accordingly, investors should consider this aspect before investing. 
Prospective purchasers of the Notes are advised to consult their own tax advisers concerning the overall 
tax consequences under Italian tax law, under the tax laws of the country in which they are resident for 
tax purposes and of any other potentially relevant jurisdiction of acquiring, holding and disposing of 
the Notes and receiving payments of interest, principal and/or other amounts under the Notes, including 
in particular the effect of any state, regional or local tax laws. 
Italian Taxation 
Tax treatment of Notes issued by the Issuer 
Decree No. 239 sets out the applicable regime regarding the tax treatment of interest, premium and 
other income from certain securities issued, inter alia, by Italian resident banks (including the difference 
between the redemption amount and the issue price) (hereinafter collectively referred to as Interest). 
The provisions of Decree No. 239 only apply to Notes issued by the Issuer which qualify as obbligazioni 
(bonds) or titoli similari alle obbligazioni (securities similar to bonds) pursuant to Article 44 of 
Presidential Decree No. 917 of 22 December 1986, as amended and supplemented (Decree No. 917). 
Pursuant to Article 44 of Decree No. 917, for securities to qualify as titoli similari alle obbligazioni 
(securities similar to bonds), they must (i) incorporate an unconditional obligation to pay at maturity an 
amount not less than that therein indicated and (ii) attribute to the holders no direct or indirect right to 
control or participate in the management of the Issuer. The tax regime set forth by Decree No. 239 also 
applies to Interest from regulatory capital financial instruments complying with EU and Italian 
regulatory principles, issued by, inter alia, Italian banks, other than shares and assimilated instruments. 
Italian Resident Noteholders 
Where an Italian resident Noteholder is:  
(a) 
an individual not engaged in an entrepreneurial activity to which the Notes are connected

--- Page 182 ---
0016595-0000284 EUO2: 2002423359.18 
182 
 
(unless they have opted for the application of the risparmio gestito regime – see under “Capital 
gains tax” below); 
(b) 
a non-commercial partnership; 
(c) 
a non-commercial private or public institution other than companies, and trusts not carrying out 
mainly or exclusively commercial activities, the Italian State and public and territorial entities; 
or 
(d) 
an investor exempt from Italian corporate income taxation,  
interest relating to the Notes, accrued during the relevant holding period, are subject to a withholding 
tax, referred to as “imposta sostitutiva”, levied at the rate of 26 per cent. In the event that the 
Noteholders described under paragraphs (a) and (c) above are engaged in an entrepreneurial activity to 
which the Notes are connected, the imposta sostitutiva applies as a provisional tax and the relevant 
Interest must be included in their relevant income tax return. As a consequence, the Interest will be 
subject to ordinary income tax and the imposta sostitutiva may be recovered as a deduction from the 
taxation on income due. 
Subject to certain limitations and requirements (including a minimum holding period), Italian resident 
individuals not acting in connection with an entrepreneurial activity or social security entities pursuant 
to Legislative Decree No. 509 of 30 June 1994 and Legislative Decree No. 103 of 10 February 1996 
may be exempt from any income taxation, including the imposta sostitutiva, on Interest relating to the 
Notes if the Notes are included in a long-term individual savings account (piano individuale di risparmio 
a lungo termine) that meets the requirements from time to time applicable as set forth by Italian law.  
Where an Italian resident Noteholder is a company or similar commercial entity, or a permanent 
establishment in Italy of a foreign company to which the Notes are effectively connected, and the Notes 
are deposited with an authorised intermediary, Interest from the Notes will not be subject to imposta 
sostitutiva. It must, however, be included in the relevant Noteholder’s income tax return and is therefore 
subject to general Italian corporate taxation (IRES) (and, in certain circumstances, depending on the 
"status" of the Noteholder, also to the regional tax on productive activities (IRAP). 
Under the current regime provided by Law Decree No. 351 of 25 September 2001 converted into law 
with amendments by Law No. 410 of 23 November 2001, Law Decree No. 78 of 31 May 2010, 
converted into Law No. 122 of 30 July 2010 and Legislative Decree No. 44 of 4 March 2014, all as 
amended, payments of Interest in respect of the Notes made to Italian resident real estate investment 
funds established pursuant to Article 37 of Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998, as amended 
and supplemented, or pursuant to Article 14-bis of Law No. 86 of 25 January 1994, and Italian real 
estate SICAFs (together, the Real Estate Funds) are subject neither to imposta sostitutiva nor to any 
other income tax in the hands of a Real Estate Fund. However, a withholding tax of 26 per cent. will 
apply, in certain circumstances, to distributions made in favour of unitholders/shareholders of the Real 
Estate Fund. 
If the investor is resident in Italy and is an open-ended or closed-ended investment fund, a SICAF 
("Società di investimento a capitale fisso”) (other than a real estate SICAF) or a SICAV ("Società di 
investimento a capital variabile") established in Italy (together, the Fund) and either (i) the Fund or (ii) 
its manager is subject to the supervision of a regulatory authority, and the relevant Notes are held by an 
authorised intermediary, Interest accrued during the holding period on the Notes will not be subject to 
imposta sostitutiva, but must be included in the management results of the Fund. The Fund will not be 
subject to taxation on such results but a withholding tax up to 26 per cent. will apply, in certain 
circumstances, to distributions made in favour of unitholders or shareholders (the Collective 
Investment Fund Tax).

--- Page 183 ---
0016595-0000284 EUO2: 2002423359.18 
183 
 
Where an Italian resident Noteholders is a pension fund (subject to the regime provided for by article 
17 of the Italian Legislative Decree No. 252 of 5 December 2005) and the Notes are deposited with an 
authorised intermediary, Interest relating to the Notes and accrued during the holding period will not be 
subject to imposta sostitutiva, but must be included in the result of the relevant portfolio accrued at the 
end of the tax period, to be subject to a 20 per cent. substitute tax. Subject to certain conditions 
(including minimum holding period requirement) and limitations, Interest relating to the Notes may be 
excluded from the taxable base of the 20 per cent. substitute tax if the Notes are included in a long-term 
individual savings account (piano individuale di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the requirements 
from time to time applicable as set forth by Italian law.  
Pursuant to Decree No. 239, imposta sostitutiva is applied by banks, società di intermediazione 
mobiliare (SIMs), fiduciary companies, società di gestione del risparmio (SGRs), stock brokers and 
other entities identified by a decree of the Ministry of Finance (each an Intermediary), as subsequently 
amended and integrated. 
An Intermediary (a) must (i) be resident in Italy or (ii) be a permanent establishment in Italy of a non-
Italian resident financial intermediary or (iii) an entity or company not resident in Italy, acting through 
a system of centralised administration of notes and directly connected with the Department of Revenue 
of the Italian Ministry of Economy and Finance, having appointed an Italian representative for the 
purposes of Decree No. 239; and (b) intervene, in any way, in the collection of Interest or in the transfer 
of the Notes. For the purpose of the application of the imposta sostitutiva, a transfer of Notes includes 
any assignment or other act, either with or without consideration, which results in a change of the 
ownership of the relevant Notes or in a change of the Intermediary with which the Notes are deposited. 
Where the Notes are not deposited with an Intermediary, the imposta sostitutiva is applied and withheld 
by any Italian financial intermediary paying Interest to a Noteholder or, absent that, by the Issuer. 
Non-Italian resident Noteholders 
Where the Noteholder is a non-Italian resident, without a permanent establishment in Italy to which the 
Notes are effectively connected, an exemption from the imposta sostitutiva applies provided that the 
non-Italian resident beneficial owner is:  
(a) 
resident, for tax purposes, in a country which allows for a satisfactory exchange of information 
with Italy as listed in the Italian Ministerial Decree of 4 September 1996, as amended by 
Ministerial Decree of 23 March 2017 and possibly further amended by future decree issued 
pursuant to Article 11(4)(c) of Decree 239 (as amended by Legislative Decree No.147 of 14 
September 2015) (the White List); or  
(b) 
an international body or entity set up in accordance with international agreements which have 
entered into force in Italy; or 
(c) 
a Central Bank or an entity which manages, inter alia, the official reserves of a foreign State; 
or  
(d) 
an "institutional investor", whether or not subject to tax, which is established in a State included 
in the White List. 
In order to ensure gross payment, non-Italian resident Noteholders without a permanent establishment 
in Italy to which the Notes are effectively connected must be the beneficial owners of the payments of 
Interest and must: 
(a) 
deposit, directly or indirectly, the Notes with a resident bank or SIM or a permanent 
establishment in Italy of a non-Italian resident bank or SIM or with a non-Italian resident entity

--- Page 184 ---
0016595-0000284 EUO2: 2002423359.18 
184 
 
or company participating in a centralised securities management system which is in contact, via 
computer, with the Ministry of Economy and Finance; and  
(b) 
file with the relevant depository, prior to or concurrently with the deposit of the Notes, a 
statement of the relevant Noteholder, which remains valid until withdrawn or revoked, in which 
the Noteholder declares to be eligible to benefit from the applicable exemption from imposta 
sostitutiva. This statement, which is not requested for international bodies or entities set up in 
accordance with international agreements which have entered into force in Italy nor in the case 
of foreign Central Banks or entities which manage, inter alia, the official reserves of a foreign 
State, must comply with the requirements set forth by Ministerial Decree of 12 December 2001. 
 
The imposta sostitutiva will be applicable at the rate of 26 per cent. to Interest paid to Noteholders who 
do not qualify for the exemption.  
Noteholders who are subject to the substitute tax might, nevertheless, be eligible for a total or partial 
relief under an applicable tax treaty between the Republic of Italy and the country of residence of the 
relevant Noteholder. 
Tax treatment of Notes qualifying as atypical securities (titoli atipici) 
Atypical securities are securities that do not fall within the category of (a) shares (azioni) and securities 
similar to shares (titoli similari alle azioni) and of (b) bonds (obbligazioni) or securities similar to bonds 
(titoli similari alle obbligazioni). 
Payments relating to atypical securities are subject to 26 per cent. withholding tax. 
Where the Noteholder is (i) a non-Italian resident person, (ii) an Italian resident individual not holding 
the Notes for the purpose of carrying out a business activity, (iii) an Italian resident non-commercial 
partnership, (iv) an Italian resident non-commercial private or public institution, (v) a Fund, (vi) a Real 
Estate Fund, (vii) a pension fund (subject to the regime provided for by article 17 of the Italian 
Legislative Decree No. 252 of 5 December 2005), or (viii) an Italian resident investor exempt from 
Italian corporate income taxation, such withholding tax is a final withholding tax. 
Subject to certain limitations and requirements (including a minimum holding period), Italian resident 
individuals not acting in connection with an entrepreneurial activity or social security entities pursuant 
to Legislative Decree No. 509 of 30 June 1994 and Legislative Decree No. 103 of 10 February 1996 
may be exempt from any income taxation, including the 26 withholding tax, on Interest relating to the 
Notes qualifying as atypical securities if such Notes are included in a long-term individual savings 
account (piano individuale di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the requirements from time to time 
applicable as set forth by Italian law.  
Where the Noteholder is (a) an Italian resident individual carrying out a business activity to which the 
Notes are effectively connected, or (b) an Italian resident corporation or a similar commercial entity 
(including a permanent establishment in Italy of a foreign entity to which the Notes are effectively 
connected), such withholding tax is an advance withholding tax. 
In case of a non-Italian resident Noteholder without a permanent establishment in Italy to which the 
Notes are effectively connected, the above mentioned withholding tax rate may be reduced (generally 
to 10 per cent.) or eliminated under certain applicable tax treaties entered into by Italy, subject to timely 
filing of the required documentation. 
Capital gains tax 
Any gain obtained from the sale or redemption of the Notes would be treated as part of the taxable

--- Page 185 ---
0016595-0000284 EUO2: 2002423359.18 
185 
 
income (and, in certain circumstances, depending on the "status" of the Noteholder, also as part of the 
net value of the production for IRAP purposes) if realised by an Italian company, a similar commercial 
entity (including the Italian permanent establishment of foreign entities to which the Notes are 
connected) or Italian resident individuals engaged in an entrepreneurial activity to which the Notes are 
connected. 
Where an Italian resident Noteholder is (i) an individual not engaged in an entrepreneurial activity to 
which the Notes are connected, (ii) a non-commercial partnership, (iii) a non-commercial private or 
public institution, any capital gain realised by such Noteholder from the sale or redemption of the Notes 
would be subject to an imposta sostitutiva, levied at the rate of 26 per cent. The Noteholders may set 
off any losses with their gains.  
In respect of the application of imposta sostitutiva, taxpayers may opt for one of the three regimes 
described below: 
(a) 
Under the tax declaration regime (regime della dichiarazione), which is the default regime for 
Italian Noteholders under (i) to (iii) above, the imposta sostitutiva on capital gains will be 
chargeable, on a cumulative basis, on all capital gains (net of any incurred capital loss) realised 
by the above mentioned Italian resident Noteholders holding the Notes. In this instance, "capital 
gains" means any capital gain not connected with an entrepreneurial activity pursuant to all 
sales or redemptions of the Notes carried out during any given tax year. Taxpayers must indicate 
the overall capital gains realised in any tax year, net of any relevant incurred capital loss, in the 
annual tax return and pay the imposta sostitutiva on such gains together with any balance 
income tax due for such year. Capital losses in excess of capital gains may be carried forward 
against capital gains realised in any of the four succeeding tax years.  
(b) 
As an alternative to the tax declaration regime, Noteholders under (i) to (iii) above may elect 
to pay the imposta sostitutiva separately on capital gains realised on each sale or redemption of 
the Notes (the risparmio amministrato regime). Such separate taxation of capital gains is 
allowed subject to: 
(i) 
the Notes being deposited with Italian banks, SIMs or certain authorised financial 
intermediaries; and  
(ii) 
an express election for the risparmio amministrato regime being timely made in writing 
by the relevant Noteholder.  
The depository must account for the imposta sostitutiva in respect of capital gains realised on 
each sale or redemption of the Notes (as well as in respect of capital gains realised upon the 
revocation of its mandate), net of any incurred capital loss. The depository must also pay the 
relevant amount to the Italian tax authorities on behalf of the taxpayer, deducting a 
corresponding amount from the proceeds to be credited to the Noteholders or using funds 
provided by the Noteholders for this purpose. Under the risparmio amministrato regime, any 
possible capital loss resulting from a sale or redemption or certain other transfer of the Notes 
may be deducted from capital gains subsequently realized, within the same securities 
management, in the same tax year or in the following tax years up to the fourth. Under the 
risparmio amministrato regime, the Noteholders are not required to declare the capital gains in 
the annual tax return. 
(c) 
In the "risparmio gestito" regime, any capital gains realised by Italian Noteholders under (i) to 
(iii) above who have entrusted the management of their financial assets (including the Notes) 
to an authorised intermediary, will be included in the computation of the annual increase in 
value of the managed assets accrued, even if not realised, at year end, subject to a 26 per cent. 
substitute tax, to be paid by the managing authorised intermediary. Any depreciation of the

--- Page 186 ---
0016595-0000284 EUO2: 2002423359.18 
186 
 
managed assets accrued at the year-end may be carried forward against increase in value of the 
managed assets accrued in any of the four succeeding tax years. The Noteholders are not 
required to declare the capital gains realised in the annual tax return.  
Subject to certain limitations and requirements (including a minimum holding period), Italian resident 
individuals not engaged in an entrepreneurial activity or social security entities pursuant to Legislative 
Decree No. 509 of 30 June 1994 and Legislative Decree No. 103 of 10 February 1996 may be exempt 
from Italian capital gain taxes, including the imposta sostitutiva, on capital gains realised upon sale or 
redemption of the Notes if the Notes are included in a long-term individual savings account (piano 
individuale di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the requirements from time to time applicable as 
set forth by Italian law.  
Any capital gains realised by a Noteholder who is a Fund will neither be subject to imposta sostitutiva 
on capital gains, nor to any other income tax in the hands of the relevant Noteholders; the Collective 
Investment Fund Tax will be levied on proceeds distributed by the Fund or received by certain 
categories of unitholders or shareholders upon redemption or disposal of the units or shares.  
Real Estate Funds are not subject to any substitute tax at the fund level nor to any other income tax in 
the hands of the Real Estate Fund. However, a withholding tax of 26 per cent. will apply, in certain 
circumstances, to distributions made in favour of unitholders/shareholders of the Real Estate Fund. 
Any capital gains realised by a Noteholder who is an Italian pension fund (subject to the regime 
provided for by article 17 of the Italian Legislative Decree No. 252 of 5 December 2005) will be 
included in the result of the relevant portfolio accrued at the end of the tax period, to be subject to a 20 
per cent. substitute tax. Subject to certain conditions (including minimum holding period requirement) 
and limitations, capital gains arising from the Notes may be excluded from the taxable base of the 20 
per cent. substitute tax if the Notes are included in a long-term individual savings account (piano 
individuale di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the requirements from time to time applicable as 
set forth by Italian law. 
Capital gains realised by non-Italian resident Noteholders without a permanent establishment in Italy 
to which the Notes are effectively connected, from the sale or redemption of Notes traded on regulated 
markets are not subject to the imposta sostitutiva, even if the Notes are held in Italy and regardless of 
the provisions set forth by any applicable double tax treaty. The exemption applies provided that the 
non-Italian resident Noteholders file in due course with the authorised financial intermediary an 
appropriate affidavit (autocertificazione) stating that the Noteholder is not resident in Italy for tax 
purposes. 
Capital gains realised by non-Italian resident Noteholders, without a permanent establishment in Italy 
to which the Notes are effectively connected, from the sale or redemption of Notes not traded on 
regulated markets and held in Italy are not subject to the imposta sostitutiva, provided that the effective 
beneficiary is:  
(a) 
resident in a State included in the White List; 
(b) 
an international entity or body set up in accordance with international agreements which have 
entered into force in Italy; 
(c) 
a Central Bank or an entity which manages, inter alia, the official reserves of a foreign State; 
or  
(d) 
an "institutional investor", whether or not subject to tax, which is established in a State included 
in the White List.

--- Page 187 ---
0016595-0000284 EUO2: 2002423359.18 
187 
 
If none of the conditions above is met, capital gains realised by non-Italian resident Noteholders, 
without a permanent establishment in Italy to which the Notes are effectively connected, from the sale 
or redemption of Notes not traded on regulated markets are subject to the imposta sostitutiva at the 
current rate of 26 per cent. However, Noteholders may benefit from an applicable tax treaty with Italy 
providing that capital gains realised upon the sale or redemption of the Notes are to be taxed only in the 
resident tax country of the recipient. 
Inheritance and gift taxes 
Transfers of any valuable asset (including the Notes or other securities) as a result of death or donation 
are taxed as follows: 
(a) 
transfers in favour of spouses and direct descendants or direct ancestors are subject to an 
inheritance and gift tax applied at a rate of 4 per cent. on the value of the inheritance or gift 
exceeding, for each beneficiary, Euro 1,000,000; 
(b) 
transfers in favour of relatives to the fourth degree or relatives-in-law to the third degree are 
subject to an inheritance and gift tax at a rate of 6 per cent. on the entire value of the inheritance 
or the gift. Transfers in favour of brothers/sisters are subject to the 6 per cent. inheritance and 
gift tax on the value of the inheritance or gift exceeding, for each beneficiary, Euro 100,000; 
and 
(c) 
any other transfer is, in principle, subject to an inheritance and gift tax applied at a rate of 8 per 
cent. on the entire value of the inheritance or gift. 
If the transfer is made in favour of persons with severe disabilities, the tax is levied at the rate mentioned 
above in paragraphs (a), (b) and (c) on the value exceeding, for each beneficiary, Euro 1,500,000. 
Transfer tax 
Contracts relating to the transfer of securities are subject to a Euro 200.00 registration tax as follows: 
(i) public deeds and notarised deeds are subject to mandatory registration; (ii) private deeds are subject 
to registration only in “case of use (caso d’uso), in case of “explicit reference” (enunciazione) or in case 
of voluntary registration (registrazione volontaria). 
Stamp Duty 
Pursuant to Article 13 of the tariff attached to Presidential Decree No. 642 of 26 October 1972 (Decree 
No. 642), a proportional stamp duty applies on an annual basis to any periodic reporting 
communications which may be sent by a financial intermediary to a Noteholder in respect of any Notes 
which may be deposited with such financial intermediary. The stamp duty applies at a rate of 0.20 per 
cent.; this stamp duty is determined on the basis of the market value or – if no market value figure is 
available – the nominal value or redemption amount of the Notes held. The stamp duty cannot exceed 
Euro 14,000.00 if the Noteholder is not an individual. 
The statement is deemed to be sent at least once a year, even for instruments for which is not mandatory 
nor the deposit nor the release nor the drafting of the statement. In case of reporting periods less than 
12 months, the stamp duty is payable on a pro-rata basis. 
Based on the wording of the law and the implementing decree issued by the Italian Ministry of Economy 
and Finance on 24 May 2012, the stamp duty applies to any investor who is a client - regardless of the 
fiscal residence of the investor - (as defined in the regulations issued by the Bank of Italy as amended 
from time to time) of an entity that exercises in any form a banking, financial or insurance activity 
within the Italian territory.

--- Page 188 ---
0016595-0000284 EUO2: 2002423359.18 
188 
 
Wealth Tax on securities deposited abroad 
According to the provisions set forth by Law No. 214 of 22 December 2011, as amended and 
supplemented, Italian resident individuals, non-commercial entities and certain partnerships (società 
semplici or similar partnerships in accordance with Article 5 of Decree No. 917 holding the Notes 
outside the Italian territory are required to pay an additional tax at a rate of 0.20 per cent. The wealth 
tax cannot exceed Euro 14,000.00 for taxpayers different from individuals. In this case the above 
mentioned stamp duty provided for by Article 13 of the tariff attached to Decree No. 642 does not apply. 
This tax is calculated on the market value of the Notes at the end of the relevant year or – if no market 
value is available – the nominal value or the redemption value of such financial assets held outside the 
Italian territory. Taxpayers are entitled to an Italian tax credit equivalent to the amount of wealth taxes 
paid in the State where the financial assets are held (up to an amount equal to the Italian wealth tax 
due).  
Financial assets held abroad are excluded from the scope of the wealth tax if they are administered by 
Italian financial intermediaries pursuant to an administration agreement. In this case, the above 
mentioned stamp duty provided for by Article 13 of the tariff attached to Decree No. 642 does apply. 
Tax Monitoring 
According to the Law Decree No. 167 of 28 June 1990, converted with amendments into Law No. 227 
of 4 August 1990, as amended from time to time, individuals, non-profit entities and certain partnerships 
(società semplici or similar partnerships in accordance with Article 5 of Decree No. 917) resident in 
Italy for tax purposes, under certain conditions, are required to report for tax monitoring purposes in 
their yearly income tax the amount of investments (including the Notes) directly or indirectly held 
abroad. The requirement applies also where the persons above, being not the direct holder of the 
financial instruments, are the actual owner of the instrument. 
Furthermore, the above reporting requirement is not required to comply with respect to: (i) Notes 
deposited for management with qualified Italian financial intermediaries; (ii) contracts entered into 
through the intervention of qualified Italian financial intermediaries, upon condition that the items of 
income derived from the Notes have been subject to tax by the same intermediaries; or (iii) if the foreign 
investments are only composed by deposits and/or bank accounts and their aggregate value does not 
exceed a Euro 15,000 threshold throughout the year. 
Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act 
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, commonly known as 
FATCA, a “foreign financial institution” may be required to withhold on certain payments it makes 
(foreign passthru payments) to persons that fail to meet certain certification, reporting, or related 
requirements. The Issuer is a foreign financial institution for these purposes. A number of jurisdictions 
(including Italy) have entered into, or have agreed in substance to, intergovernmental agreements with 
the United States to implement FATCA (IGAs), which modify the way in which FATCA applies in 
their jurisdiction. Under the provisions of IGAs as currently in effect, a foreign financial institution in 
an IGA jurisdiction would generally not be required to withhold under FATCA or an IGA from 
payments it makes. Certain aspects of the application of the FATCA provisions and IGAs to instruments 
such as the Notes, including whether withholding would ever be required pursuant to FATCA or an 
IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as the Notes, are uncertain and may be subject to 
change. Even if withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments 
on instruments such as the Notes, such withholding would not apply prior to the date that is two years 
after the date on which final regulations defining foreign passthru payments are published in the U.S. 
Federal Register and Notes issued on or prior to the date that is six months after the date on which final 
regulations defining “foreign passthru payments” are published generally would be “grandfathered” for

--- Page 189 ---
0016595-0000284 EUO2: 2002423359.18 
189 
 
purposes of FATCA withholding unless materially modified after such date (including by reason of a 
substitution of the Issuer). However, if additional notes (as described under Condition 14 (Further 
Issues)) that are not distinguishable from previously issued Notes are issued after the expiration of the 
grandfathering period and are subject to withholding under FATCA, then withholding agents may treat 
all Notes, including the Notes offered prior to the expiration of the grandfathering period, as subject to 
withholding under FATCA. Holders should consult their own tax advisors regarding how these rules 
may apply to their investment in the Notes. In the event any withholding would be required pursuant to 
FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on the Notes, no person will be required to pay additional 
amounts as a result of the withholding.  
The proposed financial transactions tax (FTT)  
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission published a proposal (the Commission's Proposal) for 
a Directive for a common FTT to be adopted in Belgium, Germany, Estonia, Greece, Spain, France, 
Italy, Austria, Portugal, Slovenia and Slovakia (the participating Member States). However, Estonia has 
since stated that it will not participate. 
The Commission's Proposal was very broad scope and could, if introduced, apply to certain dealings in 
Notes (including secondary market transactions) in certain circumstances. The issuance and 
subscription of Notes should, however, be exempt. 
Under the Commission's Proposal the FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both within 
and outside of the participating Member States. Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in the 
Notes where at least one party is a financial institution, and at least one party is established in a 
participating Member State. A financial institution may be, or be deemed to be "established" in a 
participating Member State in a broad range of circumstances, including (a) by transacting with a person 
established in a participating Member State or (b) where the financial instrument which is subject to the 
dealings is issued in a participating Member State. 
However, the FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between participating Member States. It may 
therefore be altered prior to any implementation, the timing of which remains unclear. Additional EU 
Member States may decide to participate. 
Prospective holders of the Notes are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the 
FTT.

--- Page 190 ---
0016595-0000284 EUO2: 2002423359.18 
190 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
The Dealers have, in a programme agreement (such programme agreement, as modified and/or 
supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the Programme Agreement) dated 13 September 
2022, agreed with the Issuer a basis upon which they or any of them may from time to time agree to 
purchase Notes. Any such agreement will extend to those matters stated under "Form of the Notes" and 
"Terms and Conditions of the Notes". In the Programme Agreement, the Issuer has agreed to reimburse 
the Dealers for certain of their expenses in connection with the establishment and any future update of 
the Programme and the issue of Notes under the Programme and to indemnify the Dealers against 
certain liabilities incurred by them in connection therewith. 
SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
United States  
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act or the securities laws of 
any state or other jurisdiction of the United States and may not be offered or sold within the United 
States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons (as defined in Regulation S under the Securities 
Act) except in certain transactions exempt from or not subject to, the registration requirements of the 
Securities Act. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S under 
the Securities Act. 
The Notes are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered within the 
United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain transactions permitted by 
U.S. Treasury regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the U.S. 
Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and Treasury regulations promulgated thereunder. The form of Final 
Terms (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) will identify whether TEFRA C rules or 
TEFRA D rules apply or whether TEFRA is not applicable. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed that it will not offer, sell or deliver the Notes (a) as part of its 
distribution at any time or (b) otherwise until 40 days after the completion of the distribution of all the 
Notes of the Tranche of which such Notes are a part, within the United States or to, or for the account 
or benefit of, U.S. persons except in accordance with Regulation S of the Securities Act. Each Dealer 
has further agreed that it will send to each dealer to which it sells any Notes during the distribution 
compliance period a confirmation or other notice setting forth the restrictions on offers and sales of the 
Notes within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. Terms used in this 
paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act.  
Until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of any Series of Notes, an offer or sale of such 
Notes within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may violate 
the registration requirements of the Securities Act if such offer or sale is made otherwise than in 
accordance with an available exemption from registration under the Securities Act. 
Each issuance of Exempt Notes which are also Index Linked Notes or Dual Currency Notes shall be 
subject to such additional U.S. selling restrictions as the Issuer and the relevant Dealer may agree as a 
term of the issuance and purchase of such Notes, which additional selling restrictions shall be set out in 
the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) 
specifies "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" as "Not Applicable", each Dealer has 
represented and agreed that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell 
or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by the Base

--- Page 191 ---
0016595-0000284 EUO2: 2002423359.18 
191 
 
Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be) in relation 
thereto to any retail investor in the European Economic Area. For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as 
amended, MiFID II); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended, the Insurance 
Distribution Directive), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client 
as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended, the 
Prospectus Regulation); and 
(b) 
the expression an "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of 
sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an 
investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) specifies 
"Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" as "Not Applicable", in relation to each Member State 
of the European Economic Area, each Dealer has represented and agreed that it has not made and will 
not make an offer of Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus 
as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to the public in that Member State except that it 
may make an offer of such Notes to the public in that Member State: 
(a) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus 
Regulation; 
(b) 
at any time to fewer than 150, natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined 
in the Prospectus Regulation) subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or 
Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(c) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation, 
provided that no such offer or distribution of Notes referred to in (a) to (c) above shall require the Issuer 
or any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement 
a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, (i) the expression an "offer of Notes to the public" in relation to any 
Notes in any Member State means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide 
to purchase or subscribe the Notes, (ii) the expression Prospectus Regulation means Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129, as amended from time to time. 
United Kingdom 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) 
specifies "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors" as "Not Applicable", each Dealer has represented 
and agreed that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise 
make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus

--- Page 192 ---
0016595-0000284 EUO2: 2002423359.18 
192 
 
as completed by the Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be) in relation thereto to any 
retail investor in the United Kingdom. For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression “retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as 
it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 
2018 (EUWA); or  
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets 
Act 2000, as amended (the FSMA) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA 
to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 
600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation.  
(b) 
the expression an "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of 
sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an 
investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes)  
specifies “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors” as “Not Applicable”, each Dealer has 
represented and agreed that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the subject 
of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto 
to the public in the United Kingdom except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in the 
United Kingdom: 
(a) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK 
Prospectus Regulation; 
(b) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined 
in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation) in the United Kingdom subject to obtaining the 
prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(c) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in paragraphs (a) to (c) above shall require the Issuer or 
any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus 
pursuant to Article 23 of the UK Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, (i) the expression “an offer of Notes to the public” in relation to 
any Notes means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the 
terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or 
subscribe for the Notes, (ii) the expression “UK Prospectus Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
Other regulatory restrictions  
Each Dealer has represented and agreed that: 
(a) 
in relation to any Notes which have a maturity of less than one year, (i) it is a person whose 
ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as 
principal or agent) for the purposes of its business and (ii) it has not offered or sold and will not

--- Page 193 ---
0016595-0000284 EUO2: 2002423359.18 
193 
 
offer or sell any Notes other than to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, 
holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or as agent) for the purposes of 
their businesses or who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of 
investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses where the issue of the 
Notes would otherwise constitute a contravention of Section 19 of the FSMA by the Issuer; 
(b) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause 
to be communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the 
meaning of Section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any 
Notes in circumstances in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer; and 
(c) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to 
anything done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the United 
Kingdom. 
Japan 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act 
of Japan (Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended; the FIEA) and each Dealer has represented and agreed that 
it will not offer or sell any Notes, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident 
of Japan (as defined under Item 5, Paragraph 1, Article 6 of the Foreign Exchange and Foreign Trade 
Act (Act No. 228 of 1949, as amended)), or to others for re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in 
Japan or to, or for the benefit of, a resident of Japan, except pursuant to an exemption from the 
registration requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with, the FIEA and any other applicable laws, 
regulations and ministerial guidelines of Japan. 
France 
Each of the Dealers and the Issuer have represented and agreed that they undertake to comply with 
applicable French laws and regulations in force regarding the offer, the placement or the sale of the 
Notes and the distribution in France of this Base Prospectus or any other offering material relating to 
the Notes. 
Republic of Italy 
The offering of the Notes has not been registered pursuant to Italian securities legislation and, 
accordingly, no Notes may be offered, sold or delivered, nor may copies of the Base Prospectus or any 
other document relating to the Notes be distributed in the Republic of Italy, except:  
(i) 
to qualified investors (investitori qualificati), as defined pursuant to Article 2 of the Prospectus 
Regulation and any applicable provision of Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998, as 
amended (the Financial Services Act) and/or Italian CONSOB regulations; or  
(ii) 
in any other circumstances which are exempted from the rules on public offerings pursuant to 
Article 1 of the Prospectus Regulation, Article 34-ter of CONSOB Regulation No. 11971 of 14 
May 1999, as amended from time to time, and the applicable Italian laws.  
Any offer, sale or delivery of the Notes or distribution of copies of the Base Prospectus or any other 
document relating to the Notes in the Republic of Italy under (i) or (ii) above must:  
(a) 
be made by an investment firm, bank or financial intermediary permitted to conduct such 
activities in the Republic of Italy in accordance with the Financial Services Act, CONSOB 
Regulation No. 20307 of 15 February 2018 (as amended from time to time) and Legislative

--- Page 194 ---
0016595-0000284 EUO2: 2002423359.18 
194 
 
Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993, as amended (the Italian Consolidated Banking Act); 
and  
(b) 
comply with any other applicable laws and regulations or requirement imposed by CONSOB, 
the Bank of Italy (including, the reporting requirements, where applicable, pursuant to Article 
129 of the Italian Consolidated Banking Act and the implementing guidelines of the Bank of 
Italy, as amended from time to time) and/or any other Italian authority. 
 
Switzerland 
The Notes may not be publicly offered, directly or indirectly, in Switzerland within the meaning of the 
Swiss Financial Services Act (FinSA) and no application has or will be made to admit the Notes to 
trading on any trading venue (exchange or multilateral trading facility) in Switzerland. Neither this Base 
Prospectus nor any other offering or marketing material relating to the Notes constitutes a prospectus 
pursuant to the FinSA, and neither this Base Prospectus nor any other offering or marketing material 
relating to the Notes may be publicly distributed or otherwise made publicly available in Switzerland. 
Belgium 
Other than in respect of Notes for which "Prohibition of Sales to Belgian Consumers" is specified as 
"Not Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes), 
each Dealer has represented and agreed that an offering of Notes may not be advertised to any individual 
in Belgium qualifying as a consumer (consument/consommateur) within the meaning of Article I.1 of 
the Belgian Code of Economic Law (wetboek van economisch recht/code de droit économique), as 
amended from time to time (a Belgian Consumer) and that it has not offered, sold or resold, transferred 
or delivered, and will not offer, sell, resell, transfer or deliver, the Notes, and that it has not distributed, 
and will not distribute, any prospectus, memorandum, information circular, brochure or any similar 
documents in relation to the Notes, directly or indirectly, to any Belgian Consumer. 
General 
Each Dealer has agreed that it will (to the best of its knowledge and belief) comply with all applicable 
securities laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers 
Notes or possesses or distributes this Base Prospectus and will obtain any consent, approval or 
permission required by it for the purchase, offer, sale or delivery by it of Notes under the laws and 
regulations in force in any jurisdiction to which it is subject or in which it makes such purchases, offers, 
sales or deliveries and neither the Issuer nor any of the other Dealers shall have any responsibility 
therefor. 
None of the Issuer and the Dealers represents that Notes may at any time lawfully be sold in compliance 
with any applicable registration or other requirements in any jurisdiction, or pursuant to any exemption 
available thereunder, or assumes any responsibility for facilitating such sale.

--- Page 195 ---
0016595-0000284 EUO2: 2002423359.18 
195 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Authorisation 
The establishment of the Programme and the issue of Notes have been duly authorised by the resolution 
of the Board of Directors of the Issuer dated 3 August 2022. 
Approval and Listing of Notes 
Application has been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Notes issued under the Programme 
to be admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated market and to be listed on the 
Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. The Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated market 
is a regulated market for the purposes of the Markets in Financial Instruments Directive (Directive 
2014/65/EU).  
Documents Available 
For the period of 12 months following the date of this Base Prospectus, copies of the following 
documents 
will, 
when 
published, 
be 
available 
for 
inspection 
from 
https://www.bancamediolanum.it/corporate/investors/fixed-income: 
(a) 
the constitutional documents (with an English translation thereof) of Banca Mediolanum;  
(b) 
the Agency Agreement and the forms of the Global Notes, the Notes in definitive form, the 
Receipts, the Coupons and the Talons; 
(c) 
a copy of this Base Prospectus;  
(d) 
the English translation of the audited consolidated financial statements for the financial year 
ended on 31 December 2020 of the Issuer; 
(e) 
the English translation of the audited consolidated financial statements for the financial year 
ended on 31 December 2021 of the Issuer; 
(f) 
the English translation of the unaudited condensed consolidated interim financial statements as 
at and for the six months ended on 30 June 2021 of the Issuer; 
(g) 
the English translation of the unaudited condensed consolidated interim financial statements as 
at and for the six months ended on 30 June 2022 of the Issuer; 
(h) 
the Green, Social and Sustainability Bond Framework; 
(i) 
the Second Party Opinion; 
(j) 
any future Base Prospectus, prospectuses, information memoranda, supplements, Final Terms 
and Pricing Supplements (in the case of Exempt Notes) (save that Pricing Supplements will 
only be available for inspection by a holder of such Note and such holder must produce 
evidence satisfactory to the Issuer or the Paying Agent as to its holding of Notes and identity) 
to this Base Prospectus and any other documents incorporated herein or therein by reference. 
A copy of this Base Prospectus will remain publicly available in electronic form for at least ten years 
after its publication on the websites referred to in paragraphs 2 and 6 of Article 21 of the Prospectus 
Regulation.

--- Page 196 ---
0016595-0000284 EUO2: 2002423359.18 
196 
 
Clearing Systems 
The Notes have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (which 
are the entities in charge of keeping the records). The appropriate Common Code and ISIN for each 
Tranche of Notes allocated by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg will be specified in the form of 
Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes). If the Notes are to clear through an 
additional or alternative clearing system the appropriate information will be specified in the form of 
Final Terms or Pricing Supplement. 
The address of Euroclear is Euroclear Bank SA/NV, 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels, 
Belgium. The address of Clearstream, Luxembourg is Clearstream Banking, 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, 
L-1855 Luxembourg.  
Conditions for determining price 
The price and amount of Notes to be issued under the Programme will be determined by the Issuer and 
each relevant Dealer at the time of issue in accordance with prevailing market conditions. 
Yield 
In relation to any Tranche of Fixed Rate Notes, an indication of the yield in respect of such Notes will 
be specified in the form of Final Terms. The yield is calculated at the Issue Date of the Notes on the 
basis of the relevant Issue Price. The yield indicated will be calculated as the yield to maturity as at the 
Issue Date of the Notes and will not be an indication of future yield. 
Significant or Material Adverse Change 
The current market environment is still characterized by uncertainties due to the Russia/Ukraine conflict 
and related spill-over macroeconomic effects and by the persisting COVID-19 pandemic that could 
have potential impacts also on the financial markets, the unexpected materially adverse impact of which 
on the profitability of the Issuer, in particular in terms of operating income and cost of risk, cannot be 
finally assessed as at the date of this Base Prospectus. Except for the possible impact of the 
Russia/Ukraine conflict and related spill-over effect and COVID-19 crisis indicated above, there has 
been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer since the date of its last published audited 
financial statements as at 31 December 2021.  
There has been no significant change in the financial performance or position of the Group since 30 
June 2022. 
Litigation 
Save as disclosed in this Base Prospectus at pages 168-171, neither the Issuer nor any other member of 
the Group is or has been involved in any governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any 
such proceedings which are pending or threatened of which the Issuer is aware) in the 12 months 
preceding the date of this document which may have or have in such period had a significant effect on 
the financial position or profitability of the Issuer or the Group.  
Independent auditors  
On 9 April 2019, the Issuer’s shareholders meeting appointed PricewaterhouseCoopers S.p.A., 
independent registered public accounting firm as auditor for the financial years 2020-2028. 
PricewaterhouseCoopers S.p.A., independent registered public accounting firm, authorized and 
regulated by the MEF and registered on the special register of auditing firms held by the MEF and a

--- Page 197 ---
0016595-0000284 EUO2: 2002423359.18 
197 
 
member of Assirevi Associazione Italiana Revisori Contabili, the Italian Auditors Association, has 
audited the Issuer’s consolidated financial statements, without qualification, in accordance with IFRS, 
for the financial years ended on 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2021.  
The reports of the auditors of the Issuer are included or incorporated in the form and context in which 
they are included or incorporated, with the consent of the relevant auditors who have authorised the 
contents of that part of this Base Prospectus. 
Dealers transacting with the Issuer  
Certain Dealers and/or their affiliates (including parent companies) may have engaged in various 
general financing and banking transactions with, and provided financial advisory and investment 
banking services to the Issuer and/or its affiliates and in each main Banca Mediolanum’s shareholders 
in the past and may do so again in the future.  
Moreover, part of the proceeds derived from issuances of Notes under the Programme might be used to 
repay previous loans granted to the Issuer by some of the Dealers and/or their affiliates.  
In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the Dealers and their affiliates may make 
or hold a broad array of investments and actively trade bank loans and debt and equity securities (or 
related derivative securities) and financial instruments for their own account and for the accounts of 
their customers. Such investments and securities activities may involve securities and/or instruments of 
the Issuer, of its affiliates or of each main Banca Mediolanum’s shareholders.  
Certain of the Dealers or their affiliates that have a lending relationship with the Issuer routinely hedge 
their credit exposure to the Issuer consistent with their customary risk management policies. Typically, 
such Dealers and their affiliates would hedge such exposure by entering into transactions which consist 
of either the purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of short positions in securities, including 
potentially the Notes issued under the Programme.  
Any such short positions could adversely affect future trading prices of Notes issued under the 
Programme. The Dealers and their affiliates may also make investment recommendations and/or 
publish or express independent research views in respect of such securities or financial instruments and 
may hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or short positions in such securities and 
instruments. For the purposes of this paragraph the term “affiliates” includes also the relevant parent 
companies of the Dealers. 
Rating 
Certain information with respect to the credit rating agencies and ratings is set out on the cover of this 
Base Prospectus.

--- Page 198 ---
0016595-0000284 EUO2: 2002423359.18 
198 
 
ISSUER 
Banca Mediolanum S.p.A. 
Palazzo Meucci 
Via F. Sforza 
20079 Basiglio (MI) 
Italy 
PRINCIPAL PAYING AGENT 
Citibank N.A., London Branch 
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5LB  
United Kingdom 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To the Issuer as to Italian and English law 
Chiomenti 
Via G. Verdi 4 
20121 Milan 
Italy 
To the Dealers as to Italian and English law 
Allen & Overy – Studio Legale Associato 
Via Ansperto, 5 
20123 Milan 
Italy 
Corso Vittorio Emanuele II, 284 
00186 Rome 
Italy 
INDEPENDENT AUDITORS 
PricewaterhouseCoopers S.p.A. 
Piazza Tre Torri 2 
20145 Milan 
Italy  
 
 
ARRANGER AND DEALER 
Mediobanca – Banca di Credito Finanziario S.p.A. 
Piazzetta E. Cuccia, 1 
20121 Milan 
Italy 
LISTING AGENT 
Banque Internationale à Luxembourg S.A. 
69 route d'Esch 
L - 2953 Luxembourg 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg