--- Page 1 ---
1
BASE PROSPECTUS
BANCA POPOLARE DI SONDRIO S.C.p.A.
(incorporated as joint stock co-operative society in the Republic of Italy)
€5,000,000,000
Euro Medium Term Note Programme
Under this Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the Programme), Banca Popolare di Sondrio 
S.C.p.A. (the Issuer or BPS) may from time to time issue notes governed by English Law (the 
English Law Notes) and notes governed by Italian Law (the Italian Law Notes and together with the 
English Law Notes, the Notes) denominated in any currency agreed between the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer (as defined below).
The Notes may be issued on a continuing basis to one or more of the Dealers specified under 
"OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME" and any additional Dealer appointed under the Programme 
from time to time by the Issuer (each a Dealer and together the Dealers), which appointment may be 
for a specific issue or on an ongoing basis. References in this base prospectus (the Base Prospectus) 
to the relevant Dealer shall, in the case of an issue of Notes being (or intended to be) subscribed by 
more than one Dealer, be to all Dealers agreeing to subscribe such Notes.
An investment in Notes issued under the Programme involves certain risks. For a discussion of 
these risks see "Risk Factors".
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier
(the CSSF), as competent authority in Luxembourg under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the 
Prospectus Regulation). The CSSF only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of
completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Approval by 
the CSSF should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or of the quality of the Notes. 
Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes.
The CSSF assumes no responsibility for the economic and financial soundness of the transactions 
contemplated by this Base Prospectus or the quality or solvency of the Issuer in accordance with the 
provisions of Article 6 (4) of the Luxembourg law on prospectuses for securities of 16 July 2019.
Application has been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Notes issued under the 
Programme to be admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated market and to 
be listed on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange.
References in this Base Prospectus to Notes being listed (and all related references) shall mean that 
such Notes have been admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated market and 
have been admitted to the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. The Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange's regulated market is a regulated market for the purposes of the Markets in Financial 
Instruments Directive (Directive 2014/65/EU).
This Base Prospectus (as supplemented as at the relevant time, if applicable) is valid for 12 
months from its date of approval in relation to Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a

--- Page 2 ---
2
regulated market in the European Economic Area (the EEA). The obligation to supplement this 
Base Prospectus in the event of a significant new factor, material mistake or material 
inaccuracy does not apply when this Base Prospectus is no longer valid. The validity of this Base 
Prospectus ends upon expiration on 8 October 2022.
The requirement to publish a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation only applies to Notes which 
are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market in the EEA and/or offered to the public in the EEA 
other than in circumstances where an exemption is available under Article 1(4) and/or 3(2) of the
Prospectus Regulation. References in this Base Prospectus to Exempt Notes are to Notes for which 
no prospectus is required to be published under the Prospectus Regulation. The CSSF has neither 
approved nor reviewed information contained in this Base Prospectus in connection with Exempt 
Notes.
Notice of the aggregate nominal amount of Notes, interest (if any) payable in respect of Notes, the 
issue price of Notes and certain other information which is applicable to each Tranche (as defined 
under "Terms and Conditions for the English Law Notes" or under "Terms and Conditions for the 
Italian Law Notes" ) of Notes will (other than in the case of Exempt Notes, as defined above) be set 
out in a final terms document (the Final Terms) which will be filed with the CSSF. 
Copies of Final Terms in relation to Notes to be listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange will also 
be published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu). In the case of 
Exempt Notes, notice of the aggregate nominal amount of Notes, interest (if any) payable in respect of 
Notes, the issue price of Notes and certain other information which is applicable to each Tranche will 
be set out in a pricing supplement document (the Pricing Supplement).
The Programme provides that Notes may be listed or admitted to trading and/or quotation, as the case 
may be, on such other or further stock exchanges or markets as may be agreed between the Issuer and 
the relevant Dealer. The Issuer may also issue unlisted Notes and/or Notes not admitted to trading on 
any market. 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended 
(the Securities Act) or any U.S. State securities laws and may not be offered or sold in the United 
States or to, or for the account or the benefit of, U.S. persons as defined in Regulation S under the 
Securities Act except pursuant to an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the registration 
requirements of the Securities Act.
The Issuer has been rated “BB+” (long-term issuer default rating) and “B” (short-term issuer default 
rating) by Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited, Sede Secondaria Italiana (Fitch), “BBB (low)” (long-term 
issuer rating) and “R-2 (middle)” (short-term issuer rating) by DBRS Ratings GmbH (DBRS). The 
Issuer rating assigned by Scope Rating GmbH (Scope) is “BBB-”. 
Each of Fitch, DBRS and Scope is established in the EEA and is registered under the Regulation (EC) 
No. 1060/2009 (as amended) (the CRA Regulation). As such, each of Fitch, DBRS and Scope is 
included in the list of credit rating agencies published by the European Securities and Markets 
Authority (ESMA) on its website (at http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-registered-and-certified-
CRAs) in accordance with the CRA Regulation. 
Each of Fitch, DBRS and Scope is not established in the United Kingdom but it is part of a group in 
respect of which one of its undertakings is (i) established in the United Kingdom (UK), and (ii) has 
made an advance application to be registered in accordance with the Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009, 
as it forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (UK CRA Regulation). The Issuer ratings have been issued by each of Fitch, 
DBRS and Scope in accordance with the CRA Regulation before the end of the transition period and 
have not been withdrawn. As such, the ratings issued by each of Fitch, DBRS and Scope may be used 
for regulatory purposes in the United Kingdom in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation until 
January 2022.

--- Page 3 ---
3
Notes issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated by one or more of the rating agencies. 
Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, such rating will be disclosed in the Final Terms (or Pricing 
Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) and will not necessarily be the same as the rating assigned 
to the Programme by the relevant rating agency.  A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, 
sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the 
assigning rating agency.
Whether or not a rating in relation to any Tranche of Notes will be (1) treated as having been issued or 
endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the European Union and registered under the CRA 
Regulation or by a credit rating agency which is certified under the CRA Regulation and/or (2) issued 
or endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA 
Regulation or by a credit rating agency which is certified under the UK CRA Regulation will be 
disclosed in the relevant Final Terms. In general, European regulated investors are restricted from 
using a rating for regulatory purposes if such rating is not issued or endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established in the European Union and registered under the CRA Regulation (and such registration 
has not been withdrawn or suspended) (or is endorsed and published or distributed by subscription by 
such a credit rating agency in accordance with the CRA Regulation) unless (1) the rating is provided 
by a credit rating agency not established in the European Union but endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established in the European Union and registered under the CRA Regulation or (2) the rating is 
provided by a credit rating agency not established in the European Union which is certified under the 
CRA Regulation. In general, UK regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory 
purposes if such rating is not issued or endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the UK and 
registered under the UK CRA Regulation or (1) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not 
established in the UK but is endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered 
under the UK CRA Regulation or (2) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established 
in the UK which is certified under the UK CRA Regulation. ESMA is obliged to maintain on its 
website a list of credit rating agencies registered and certified in accordance with the CRA 
Regulation.
Amounts payable on Floating Rate Notes and/or Reset Notes (where relevant) may be calculated by 
reference to the euro interbank offered rate (EURIBOR) as specified in the relevant Final Terms. As 
at the date of this Base Prospectus, the European Money Markets Institute, as administrator of 
EURIBOR, is included in ESMA’s register of administrators under Article 36 of the Regulation (EU) 
No. 2016/1011 (the Benchmarks Regulation).). 
Arrangers
J.P. Morgan
Société Générale
Corporate & Investment Banking
Dealers
Banca Akros S.p.A. – Gruppo Banco BPM
Banca Popolare di Sondrio 
BNP PARIBAS 
Erste Group
IMI – Intesa Sanpaolo
J.P. Morgan

--- Page 4 ---
4
KBC Bank 
Natixis
Raiffeisen Bank International
Société Générale
Corporate & Investment Banking 
UBS Investment Bank
UniCredit
The date of this Base Prospectus is 8 October 2021.
IMPORTANT INFORMATION
This Base Prospectus comprises a base prospectus in respect of all Notes other than Exempt 
Notes issued under the Programme for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation.
When used in this Base Prospectus, Prospectus Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129
and UK Prospectus Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic 
law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA). The Issuer accepts 
responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus and the Final Terms for 
each Tranche of Notes issued under the Programme. To the best of the knowledge of the Issuer 
(having taken all reasonable care to ensure that such is the case) the information contained in 
this Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and does not omit anything likely to affect 
the import of such information.
This Base Prospectus is to be read in conjunction with all documents which are incorporated in 
it by reference (see "Documents incorporated by reference”). This Base Prospectus shall be read 
and construed on the basis that those documents are incorporated by reference and form part of 
this Base Prospectus.
Other than in relation to the documents which are incorporated by reference (see "Documents 
incorporated by reference”), the information on the websites to which this Base Prospectus refers 
does not form part of this Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by the 
CSSF. 
Neither the Dealers nor the Trustee (as defined below) have independently verified the 
information contained herein. Accordingly, no representation, warranty or undertaking, 
express or implied, is made and no responsibility or liability is accepted by the Dealers or the 
Trustee as to the accuracy or completeness of the information contained or incorporated in this 
Base Prospectus or any other information provided by the Issuer in connection with the 
Programme. No Dealer or the Trustee accepts any liability in relation to the information 
contained or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus or any other information 
provided by the Issuer in connection with the Programme.
The Dealers have not undertaken, nor are responsible for, any assessment of the Framework 
Agreement or the Eligible Green Projects, Eligible Social Projects and Eligible Sustainable 
Projects, any verification of whether the Eligible Green Projects, Eligible Social Projects and 
Eligible Sustainable Projects meet the criteria set out in the Framework Agreement or the 
monitoring of the use of proceeds.
Third Party Information – Certain information and statistics presented in this Base Prospectus 
regarding markets and market share of the Issuer or the BPS Group are either derived from, or

--- Page 5 ---
5
are based on, internal data or publicly available data from external sources. In respect of 
information in this Base Prospectus that has been extracted from a third party, the Issuer 
confirms that such information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, 
and is able to ascertain from information published by third parties, no facts have been omitted 
which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. Although the Issuer 
believes that the external sources used are reliable, the Issuer has not independently verified the 
information provided by such sources. No person is or has been authorised by the Issuer or the 
Trustee to give any information or to make any representation not contained in or not 
consistent with this Base Prospectus or any other document entered into in relation to the 
Programme or any information supplied in connection with the Programme or the Notes and, if 
given or made, such information or representation must not be relied upon as having been 
authorised by the Issuer any of the Dealers or the Trustee.
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the 
Programme or any Notes (a) is intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation or 
(b) should be considered as a recommendation by the Issuer any of the Dealers or the Trustee 
that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any other information supplied in connection with 
the Programme or any Notes should purchase any Notes. Each investor contemplating 
purchasing any Notes should make its own independent investigation of the financial condition 
and affairs, and its own appraisal of the creditworthiness, of the Issuer. Neither this Base 
Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or the issue 
of any Notes constitutes an offer or invitation by or on behalf of the Issuer any of the Dealers or 
the Trustee to any person to subscribe for or to purchase any Notes.
Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor the offering, sale or delivery of any Notes shall 
in any circumstances imply that the information contained in it concerning the Issuer is correct 
at any time subsequent to its date or that any other information supplied in connection with the 
Programme is correct as of any time subsequent to the date indicated in the document 
containing the same. The Dealers and the Trustee expressly do not undertake to review the 
financial condition or affairs of the Issuer during the life of the Programme or to advise any 
investor in Notes issued under the Programme of any information coming to their attention.
PRIIPs / IMPORTANT – EEA RETAIL INVESTORS - If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes 
(or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) includes a legend entitled “Prohibition of Sales 
to EEA Retail Investors”, the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to 
and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European
Economic Area (EEA). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: 
(i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU of the European 
Parliament and of the Council on markets in financial instruments (as amended, MiFID II) or; (ii) a 
customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU (as amended, the Insurance Distribution 
Directive), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of 
Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the 
Prospectus Regulation). Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) 
No 1286/2014 (as amended or superseded, the PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes 
or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may 
be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
PRIIPs / IMPORTANT – UK RETAIL INVESTORS - If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes 
(or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) includes a legend entitled “Prohibition of Sales 
to UK Retail Investors”, the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to 
and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United

--- Page 6 ---
6
Kingdom (UK). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a 
retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA); or (ii) a customer 
within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended (the 
FSMA) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, 
where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) 
of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not 
a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic 
law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by the PRIIPs 
Regulation as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the UK PRIIPs Regulation) for 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been 
prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail 
investor in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making 
them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.
MIFID II product governance / target market – The Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, in the 
case of Exempt Notes) in respect of any Notes will include a legend entitled “MiFID II Product 
Governance” which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which 
channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a distributor) should take into consideration the target market assessment; 
however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID 
Product Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the MiFID Product Governance 
Rules), any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but 
otherwise neither the Arrangers nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a 
manufacturer for the purpose of the MIFID Product Governance Rules.
UK MIFIR product governance / target market – The Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, in the 
case of Exempt Notes) in respect of any Notes will include a legend entitled “UK MiFIR Product 
Governance” which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which 
channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the manufacturer’s target 
market assessment; however, a distributor subject to UK MiFIR product governance rules set out in 
the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the UK MiFIR 
Product Governance Rules) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer’s target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels.
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK 
MiFIR Product Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect 
of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arrangers nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates 
will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules. 
NOTIFICATION UNDER SECTION 309B(1)(C) OF THE SECURITIES AND FUTURES 
ACT (CHAPTER 289) OF SINGAPORE, AS MODIFIED OR AMENDED FROM TIME TO 
TIME (THE SFA) – Unless otherwise stated in the Final Terms in respect of any Notes (or Pricing 
Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes), all Notes issued or to be issued under the Programme shall 
be prescribed capital markets products (as defined in the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets
Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore) and Excluded Investment Products (as defined in MAS 
Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice 
on Recommendations on Investment Products).

--- Page 7 ---
7
NOTICE TO CANADIAN INVESTORS - The Notes may be sold only to purchasers purchasing, or
deemed to be purchasing, as principal that are accredited investors, as defined in National Instrument 
45-106 Prospectus Exemptions or subsection 73.3(1) of the Securities Act (Ontario), and are 
permitted clients, as defined in National Instrument 31-103 Registration Requirements, Exemptions 
and Ongoing Registrant Obligations. Any resale of the Notes must be made in accordance with an 
exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the prospectus requirements of applicable securities 
laws.
Securities legislation in certain provinces or territories of Canada may provide a purchaser with 
remedies for rescission or damages if this Base Prospectus (including any amendment thereto) 
contains a misrepresentation, provided that the remedies for rescission or damages are exercised by 
the purchaser within the time limit prescribed by the securities legislation of the purchaser’s province 
or territory. The purchaser should refer to any applicable provisions of the securities legislation of the 
purchaser’s province or territory for particulars of these rights or consult with a legal advisor.
If applicable, pursuant to section 3A.3 (or, in the case of securities issued or guaranteed by the 
government of a non-Canadian jurisdiction, section 3A.4) of National Instrument 33-105 
Underwriting Conflicts (NI 33-105), the Dealers are not required to comply with the disclosure 
requirements of NI 33-105 regarding underwriter conflicts of interest in connection with this offering.
In this Base Prospectus, unless the contrary intention appears, a reference to a law or a provision of a 
law is a reference to that law or provision as extended, amended or re-enacted.
IMPORTANT INFORMATION RELATING TO THE USE OF THIS BASE PROSPECTUS 
AND OFFERS OF NOTES GENERALLY
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any 
Notes in any jurisdiction to any person to whom it is unlawful to make the offer or solicitation in such 
jurisdiction. The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Notes may be restricted 
by law in certain jurisdictions. The Issuer the Dealers and the Trustee do not represent that this Base 
Prospectus may be lawfully distributed, or that any Notes may be lawfully offered, in compliance with 
any applicable registration or other requirements in any such jurisdiction, or pursuant to an exemption 
available thereunder, or assume any responsibility for facilitating any such distribution or offering. In 
particular, no action has been taken by the Issuer, the Dealers or the Trustee which is intended to 
permit a public offering of any Notes or distribution of this Base Prospectus in any jurisdiction where 
action for that purpose is required. Accordingly, no Notes may be offered or sold, directly or 
indirectly, and neither this Base Prospectus nor any advertisement or other offering material may be 
distributed or published in any jurisdiction, except under circumstances that will result in compliance 
with any applicable laws and regulations. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus or any 
Notes may come must inform themselves about, and observe, any such restrictions on the distribution 
of this Base Prospectus and the offering and sale of Notes. In particular, there are restrictions on the 
distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Notes in the United States, the EEA 
(including Italy, France and Belgium), the United Kingdom, Singapore, Switzerland and Japan, see 
"Subscription and Sale".
PRESENTATION OF FINANCIAL AND OTHER INFORMATION
Presentation of Financial Information
Unless otherwise indicated, the financial information in this Base Prospectus relating to the Issuer has 
been derived from the audited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer for the financial years 
ended, respectively, 31 December 2019 and 31 December 2020 and from the unaudited condensed 
consolidated interim financial statements of the Issuer for the six months ended on 30 June 2020 and

--- Page 8 ---
8
30 June 2021 (together, the Financial Statements).
The Issuer's financial year ends on 31 December, and references in this Base Prospectus to any 
specific year are to the 12-month period ended on 31 December of such year. The Financial 
Statements have been prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards issued 
by the International Accounting Standards Board as adopted by the European Union (IFRS).
Certain Defined Terms and Conventions
Capitalised terms which are used but not defined in any particular section of this Base Prospectus will 
have the meaning attributed to them in "Terms and Conditions for the English Law Notes " and 
"Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes "or any other section of this Base Prospectus. In
addition, the following terms as used in this Base Prospectus have the meanings defined below: 
In this Base Prospectus, all references to:

U.S. dollars, U.S.$ and $ refer to United States dollars;

Sterling and £ refer to pounds sterling; and

Euro, euro and € refer to the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European 
economic and monetary union pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of the European 
Union, as amended.
References to a billion are to a thousand million.
Certain figures and percentages included in this Base Prospectus have been subject to rounding 
adjustments; accordingly, figures shown in the same category presented in different tables may vary 
slightly and figures shown as totals in certain tables may not be an arithmetic aggregation of the 
figures which precede them.
In this Base Prospectus, unless the contrary intention appears, a reference to a law or a provision of a 
law is a reference to that law or provision as extended, amended or re-enacted. 
SUITABILITY OF INVESTMENT
The Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors. Each potential investor in the Notes 
must determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own circumstances. In particular, each 
potential investor may wish to consider, either on its own or with the help of its financial and other 
professional advisers, whether it:
(i)
has sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Notes, the 
merits and risks of investing in the Notes and the information contained or incorporated by 
reference in this Base Prospectus or any applicable supplement;
(ii)
has access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its 
particular financial situation, an investment in the Notes and the impact the Notes will have 
on its overall investment portfolio;
(iii)
has sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the 
Notes, including Notes with principal or interest payable in one or more currencies, or where 
the currency for principal or interest payments is different from the potential investor's 
currency;

--- Page 9 ---
9
(iv)
understands thoroughly the terms of the Notes and is familiar with the behaviour of any 
relevant indices and financial markets; and
(v)
is able to evaluate possible scenarios for economic, interest rate and other factors that may 
affect its investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks.
Legal investment considerations may restrict certain investments. The investment activities of certain 
investors are subject to investment laws and regulations, or review or regulation by certain authorities.
Each potential investor should consult its legal advisers to determine whether and to what extent (1) 
Notes are legal investments for it, (2) Notes can be used as collateral for various types of borrowing 
and (3) other restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of any Notes. Financial institutions should 
consult their legal advisers or the appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate treatment of 
Notes under any applicable risk-based capital or similar rules.
STABILISATION
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as 
the Stabilisation Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in the 
form of Final Terms or Pricing Supplement may over-allot Notes or effect transactions with a 
view to supporting the market price of the Notes at a level higher than that which might 
otherwise prevail. However stabilisation may not necessarily occur. Any stabilisation action may 
begin on or after the date on which adequate public disclosure of the terms of the offer of the 
relevant Tranche of Notes is made and, if begun, may cease at any time, but it must end no later
than the earlier of 30 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of Notes and 60 days after 
the date of the allotment of the relevant Tranche of Notes. Any stabilisation action or over-
allotment must be conducted by the relevant Stabilisation Manager(s) (or persons acting on 
behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in accordance with all applicable laws and rules.

--- Page 10 ---
10
CONTENTS
Page
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME................................................................................................ 11
RISK FACTORS .................................................................................................................................. 21
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE........................................................................ 54
FORM OF THE NOTES ...................................................................................................................... 57
FORM OF FINAL TERMS.................................................................................................................. 60
APPLICABLE PRICING SUPPLEMENT........................................................................................... 80
TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR THE ENGLISH LAW NOTES................................................... 99
TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR THE ITALIAN LAW NOTES.................................................. 148
USE OF PROCEEDS ......................................................................................................................... 201
THE ISSUER...................................................................................................................................... 202
TAXATION........................................................................................................................................ 234
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE ........................................................................................................... 244
GENERAL INFORMATION............................................................................................................. 250

--- Page 11 ---
11
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME
The following overview does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified in its 
entirety by, the remainder of this Base Prospectus and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any 
particular Tranche of Notes, the form of Final Terms (or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable 
Pricing Supplement). The Issuer and any relevant Dealer may agree that Notes shall be issued in a 
form other than that contemplated in the Terms and Conditions for the English Law Notes and Terms 
and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes, in which event, in the case of Notes other than Exempt 
Notes, and if appropriate, a new Base Prospectus or a supplement to the Base Prospectus, will be 
published. 
This Overview constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 25(1) of 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No 2019/980 (the Delegated Regulation).
Words and expressions defined in "Form of the Notes" and "Terms and Conditions for the English 
Law Notes" and "Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes "shall have the same meanings in 
this Overview.
Issuer:
Banca Popolare di Sondrio S.C.p.A.
Issuer Legal Entity Identifier (LEI):
J48C8PCSJVUBR8KCW529
Risk Factors:
There are certain factors that may affect the Issuer's ability 
to fulfil its obligations under Notes issued under the 
Programme. In addition, there are certain factors which are 
material for the purpose of assessing the market risks 
associated with Notes issued under the Programme and risks
relating to the structure of a particular Series of Notes issued 
under the Programme. All of these are set out under "Risk 
Factors".
Description:
Euro Medium Term Note Programme
Arrangers:
J.P. Morgan AG 
Société Générale
Dealers:
Banca Akros S.p.A. – Gruppo Banco BPM
Banca Popolare di Sondrio S.C.p.A.
BNP Paribas
Erste Group Bank AG
Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A.
J.P. Morgan AG 
KBC Bank NV

--- Page 12 ---
12
Natixis
Raiffeisen Bank International AG
Société Générale
UBS Europe SE
UniCredit Bank AG
and any other Dealers appointed in accordance with the 
Programme Agreement.
Certain Restrictions:
Each issue of Notes denominated in a currency in respect of 
which particular laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or 
reporting requirements
apply will only be issued in
circumstances which comply with such laws, guidelines, 
regulations, restrictions or reporting requirements from time 
to time (see "Subscription and Sale")
including the 
following restrictions applicable at the date of this Base 
Prospectus.
Notes having a maturity of less than one year
Notes having a maturity of less than one year will, if the 
proceeds of the issue are accepted in the United Kingdom, 
constitute deposits for the purposes of the prohibition on 
accepting deposits contained in section 19 of the Financial 
Services and Markets Act 2000 (FSMA) unless they are 
issued to a limited class of professional investors and have a 
denomination of at least £100,000 or its equivalent, see 
"Subscription and Sale".
Issuing and Principal Paying Agent:
Citibank N.A., London Branch
Programme Size:
Up to €5,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies 
calculated as described in the Programme Agreement) 
outstanding at any time. The Issuer may increase the amount 
of the Programme in accordance with the terms of the 
Programme Agreement.
Distribution:
Notes may be distributed by way of private or public 
placement and in each case on a syndicated or non-
syndicated basis.
Currencies:
Subject to any applicable legal or regulatory restrictions, 
notes may be denominated in euro, Sterling, U.S. dollars and 
any other currency agreed between the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer.
Maturities:
The Notes will have such maturities as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer, subject to such 
minimum or maximum maturities as may be allowed or

--- Page 13 ---
13
required from time to time by the relevant central bank (or 
equivalent body) or any laws or regulations applicable to the 
Issuer or the relevant Specified Currency.
Unless otherwise permitted by current laws, regulations, 
directives and/or requirements applicable from time to time 
to the issue of Non-Preferred Senior Notes, Non-Preferred 
Senior Notes must have a minimum maturity of not less than 
twelve months.
Unless otherwise permitted by current laws, regulations, 
directives and/or requirements applicable from time to time 
to the issue of Subordinated Notes, Subordinated Notes must 
have a minimum maturity of 5 years.
Issue Price:
Notes may be issued on a fully-paid or, in the case of 
Exempt Notes, a partly-paid basis and at an issue price 
which is at par or at a discount to, or premium over, par.
Form of Notes
The Notes will be issued in bearer form as described in 
"Form of the Notes".
Fixed Rate Notes:
Fixed interest will be payable on such date or dates as may 
be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer and on 
redemption and will be calculated on the basis of such Day 
Count Fraction as may be agreed between the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer.
Fixed Rate Notes may also include an interest step-up 
provision whereby the Rate of Interest payable increases at 
pre-determined periods to a pre-determined percentage per 
annum as indicated in the form of Final Terms (or, in the 
case of Exempt Notes, Pricing Supplement).
Fixed Rate Notes may also include an interest step-down 
provision whereby the Rate of Interest payable decreases at 
pre-determined periods to a pre-determined percentage per 
annum as indicated in the form of Final Terms (or, in the 
case of Exempt Notes, Pricing Supplement).
Reset Notes
Reset Notes will, in respect of an initial period, bear interest 
at the initial fixed rate of interest specified in the relevant 
Final Terms. Thereafter, the fixed rate of interest will be 
reset on one or more date(s) specified in the relevant Final 
Terms by reference to a mid-market swap rate, as adjusted 
for any applicable margin, in each case, as may be specified 
in the relevant Final Terms.
Floating Rate Notes:
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest at a rate determined:
(a)
on the same basis as the floating rate under a 
notional interest rate swap transaction in the 
relevant Specified Currency governed by an 
agreement incorporating the 2006 ISDA Definitions

--- Page 14 ---
14
(as published by the International Swaps and 
Derivatives Association, Inc., and as amended and 
updated as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of 
the Notes of the relevant Series); or
(b)
on the basis of the reference rate set out in the form 
of Final Terms (or, in the case of Exempt Notes, 
Pricing Supplement).
Interest on Floating Rate Notes in respect of each Interest 
Period, as agreed prior to issue by the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer, will be payable on such Interest Payment Dates, and 
will be calculated on the basis of such Day Count Fraction, 
as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer.
The margin (if any) relating to such floating rate will be 
agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer for each 
Series of Floating Rate Notes.
Floating Rate Notes may also have a maximum interest rate, 
a minimum interest rate or both.
Floating Rate Notes may also include an interest step-up 
provision whereby the Margin payable increases at pre-
determined periods to a pre-determined percentage per 
annum as indicated in the form of Final Terms (or, in the 
case of Exempt Notes, Pricing Supplement).
Floating Rate Notes may also include an interest step-down 
provision whereby the Margin payable decreases at pre-
determined periods to a pre-determined percentage per 
annum as indicated in the form of Final Terms (or, in the 
case of Exempt Notes, Pricing Supplement).
Zero Coupon Notes:
Zero Coupon Notes will be offered and sold at a discount to 
their nominal amount and will not bear interest.
Exempt Notes:
The Issuer may issue Exempt Notes which are Index Linked 
Notes, Dual Currency Notes, Partly Paid Notes or Notes 
redeemable in one or more instalments.
Index Linked Notes: Payments of principal in respect of 
Index Linked Redemption Notes or of interest in respect of 
Index Linked Interest Notes will be calculated by reference 
to such index and/or formula or to changes in the prices of 
securities or commodities or to such other factors as the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer may agree.
Dual Currency Notes: Payments (whether in respect of 
principal or interest and whether at maturity or otherwise) in 
respect of Dual Currency Notes will be made in such
currencies, and based on such rates of exchange, as the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer may agree.

--- Page 15 ---
15
Partly Paid Notes: The Issuer may issue Notes in respect of 
which the issue price is paid in separate instalments in such 
amounts and on such dates as the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer may agree.
Notes redeemable in instalments: The Issuer may issue 
Notes which may be redeemed in separate instalments in 
such amounts and on such dates as the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer may agree.
The Issuer may agree with any Dealer and, in case of the 
English Law Notes, the Trustee that Exempt Notes may be 
issued in a form not contemplated by the Terms and 
Conditions for the English Law Notes and Terms and 
Conditions for the Italian Law Notes, in which event the 
relevant provisions will be included in the applicable Pricing 
Supplement.
Redemption:
The form of Final Terms (or, in the case of Exempt Notes, 
the applicable Pricing Supplement) will indicate either that 
the relevant Notes cannot be redeemed prior to their stated 
maturity (other than in the case of Exempt Notes in specified 
instalments, if applicable, or for taxation reasons or 
following an Event of Default) or that such Notes will be 
redeemable at the option of the Issuer and/or (in the case of 
Senior Notes or Non-Preferred Senior Notes only) at the 
option of the Issuer due to a MREL Disqualification Event, 
as described in Condition 5.6 (Issuer Call due to MREL 
Disqualification Event) of the Terms and Conditions for the 
English Law Notes and Condition 5.6 (Issuer Call due to 
MREL Disqualification Event) of the Terms and Conditions 
for the Italian Law Notes and/or (in case of Subordinated 
Notes only) at the option of the Issuer for regulatory 
reasons, as described in Condition 5.3 (Redemption for 
regulatory reasons (Regulatory Call)) of the Terms and 
Conditions for the English Law Notes and Condition 5.3 
(Redemption for regulatory reasons (Regulatory Call)) of 
the Terms and Conditions of the Italian Law Notes and/or at 
the option of the Noteholders upon giving notice to the 
Noteholders or the Issuer, as the case may be, on a date or 
dates specified prior to such stated maturity and at a price or 
prices and on such other terms as may be agreed between 
the Issuer and the relevant Dealer.
Other than following an Event of Default, any redemption of 
Senior 
Notes 
and 
Non-Preferred 
Senior 
Notes 
or 
Subordinated Notes prior to their stated maturity in 
accordance with the Terms and Conditions for the English 
Law Notes and Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law 
Notes (including early redemption for taxation reasons or 
early redemption for regulatory reasons) will be subject to 
the provisions of, respectively, Condition 5.13 and 5.14 of 
the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes and

--- Page 16 ---
16
Condition 5.13 and 5.14 the Terms and Conditions of the 
Italian Law Notes.
Notes having a maturity of less than one year may be subject 
to restrictions on their denomination and distribution, see 
"Certain Restrictions – Notes having a maturity of less than 
one year" above.
Denomination of Notes:
Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be 
specified in the form of Final Terms (Specified 
Denomination) save that (i) the minimum Specified 
Denomination of each Note which is specified in the form of 
Final Terms as being a Senior Note or a Subordinated Note 
shall be Euro 100,000 (or its equivalent in any other 
currency as at the date of issue of the relevant Notes) and (ii) 
the minimum Specified Denomination of each Note which is 
specified in the form of Final Terms as being a Non-
Preferred Senior Note shall be Euro 250,000 (or its 
equivalent in any other currency as at the date of issue of the 
relevant Notes).
Taxation:
All payments in respect of the Notes will be made without 
deduction for or on account of withholding taxes imposed 
by any Tax Jurisdiction as provided in Condition 6 
(Taxation) of the Terms and Conditions for the English Law 
Notes and Condition 6 (Taxation) of the Terms and 
Conditions for the Italian Law Notes. In the event that any 
such deduction is made, the Issuer will, save in certain 
limited circumstances provided in Condition 6 (Taxation) of 
the Terms and Conditions for the English Law Notes and 
Condition 6 (Taxation) of the Terms and Conditions for the 
Italian Law Notes, be required to pay additional amounts, in 
respect of principal and interest in the case of Senior Notes 
or Non-Preferred Senior Notes (if permitted by MREL 
Requirements), or interest only in the case of Subordinated 
Notes, to cover the amounts so deducted.
Negative Pledge:
The terms of the Notes will not contain a negative pledge 
provision.
Cross Default:
None.
Status of the Notes: 
Notes may be issued by BPS on a subordinated basis (as 
Subordinated Notes) or unsubordinated basis (as Senior 
Notes or Non-Preferred Senior Notes), as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms.
Status of the Senior Notes:
The Senior Notes will constitute direct, unconditional, 
unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the Issuer and 
will rank pari passu among themselves and (save for certain 
obligations required to be preferred by law) equally with all 
other unsecured obligations (other than obligations ranking 
junior to the Senior Notes from time to time (including Non-
Preferred Senior Notes and any further obligations permitted

--- Page 17 ---
17
by law to rank, or expressed to rank, junior to the Senior 
Notes, on or following the Issue Date), if any) of the Issuer, 
from time to time outstanding, as described in Condition 2.1 
(Status of the Senior Notes) of the Terms and Conditions for 
the English Law Notes and Condition 2.1 (Status of the 
Senior Notes) of the Terms and Conditions for the Italian 
Law Notes.
Status of the Non-Preferred Senior 
Notes:
The Non-Preferred Senior Notes (being Notes intended to 
qualify as strumenti di debito chirografario di secondo 
livello of the Issuer, as defined under Article 12-bis of the 
Italian Consolidated Banking Act) constitute direct, 
unconditional, unsubordinated, and unsecured and non-
preferred obligations of the Issuer, ranking junior to Senior 
Notes and any other unsecured and unsubordinated 
obligations of the Issuer which rank, or are expressed to 
rank in their terms, senior to the Non-Preferred Senior 
Notes, 
pari 
passu
without 
any 
preference 
among 
themselves, with all other present or future obligations of the 
Issuer which do not rank or are not expressed by their terms 
to rank junior or senior to the relevant Non-Preferred Senior 
Notes and in priority to any subordinated instruments and to 
the claims of shareholders of the Issuer, pursuant to Article 
91, section 1-bis, letter c-bis of the Italian Consolidated 
Banking Act, as described in Condition 2.2 (Status of the 
Non-Preferred Senior Notes) of the Terms and Conditions 
for the English Law Notes and Condition 2.2 (Status of the 
Non-Preferred Senior Notes) of the Terms and Conditions 
for the Italian Law Notes.
Status of the Subordinated Notes:
The Subordinated Notes will constitute unconditional, 
subordinated unsecured obligations of the Issuer and, 
(subject to Condition 2.3 (Status of the Subordinated Notes) 
of the Terms and Conditions for the English Law Notes and 
Condition 2.3 (Status of the Subordinated Notes) of the 
Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes), will rank 
pari passu and without any preference among themselves 
and after all unsubordinated, unsecured obligations of the 
Issuer, as described in Condition 2.3 (Status of the 
Subordinated Notes) of the Terms and Conditions for the 
English Law Notes and Condition 2.3 (Status of the 
Subordinated Notes) of the Terms and Conditions for the 
Italian Law Notes.
Subordination:
Payments in respect of the Subordinated Notes will be 
subordinated as described in Condition 2.3 (Status of the 
Subordinated Notes) of the Terms and Conditions for the 
English Law Notes and Condition 2.3 (Status of the 
Subordinated Notes) of the Terms and Conditions for the 
Italian Law Notes. 
Substitution and/or Variation:
With respect, in case of English Law Notes, to (i) any Series 
of Senior Notes or Non-Preferred Senior Notes, if at any

--- Page 18 ---
18
time a MREL Disqualification Event occurs, and if 
Substitution or Variation is specified as being applicable in 
the form of Final Terms, or (ii) all Notes, if Substitution or 
Variation is specified as being applicable in the form of 
Final Terms, in order to ensure the effectiveness and 
enforceability of Condition 18 (Statutory Loss Absorption 
Powers) of the Terms and Conditions for the English Law 
Notes, then the Issuer may, subject to giving any notice 
required to be given to, and receiving any consent required 
from, the Competent Authority and/or as appropriate the 
Relevant Resolution Authority (without any requirement for 
the consent or approval of the holders of the relevant Notes 
of that Series) and having given not less than 30 nor more 
than 60 days' notice to the Trustee and the holders of the 
Notes of that Series (or such other notice periods as may be 
specified in the form of Final Terms), at any time either 
substitute all (but not some only) of such Notes, or vary the 
terms of such Notes so that they remain or, as appropriate, 
become, Qualifying Senior Notes, Qualifying Non-Preferred 
Senior Notes or Qualifying Subordinated Notes, as 
applicable, provided that such variation or substitution does 
not itself give rise to any right of the Issuer to redeem the 
varied or substituted securities.
With respect, in case of Italian Law Notes, to (i) any Series 
of Senior Notes or Non-Preferred Senior Notes, if at any 
time a MREL Disqualification Event occurs, and if 
Variation is specified as being applicable in the form of 
Final Terms, or (ii) all Notes, if Variation is specified as 
being applicable in the form of Final Terms, in order to 
ensure the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 16
(Statutory Loss Absorption Powers) of the Terms and 
Conditions for the Italian Law Notes, then the Issuer may, 
subject to giving any notice required to be given to, and 
receiving any consent required from, the Competent 
Authority and/or as appropriate the Relevant Resolution 
Authority (without any requirement for the consent or 
approval of the holders of the relevant Notes of that Series) 
and having given not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' 
notice to the Paying Agents and the holders of the Notes of 
that Series (or such other notice periods as may be specified 
in the form of Final Terms), at any time vary the terms of 
such Notes so that they remain or, as appropriate, become, 
Qualifying Senior Notes, Qualifying Non-Preferred Senior 
Notes or Qualifying Subordinated Notes, as applicable, 
provided that such variation does not itself give rise to any 
right of the Issuer to redeem the varied securities.
Rating:
The Programme has not been rated. Series of Notes issued 
under the Programme may be rated or unrated. Where a 
Series of Notes is rated, such rating will be disclosed in the 
form of Final Terms (or applicable Pricing Supplement, in 
the case of Exempt Notes). A security rating is not a

--- Page 19 ---
19
recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be 
subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time 
by the assigning rating agency.
Approval and Listing:
Application has been made to the CSSF to approve this 
document as a base prospectus. Application has also been 
made for Notes issued under the Programme to be listed on 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange.
Notes may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may 
be, on other or further stock exchanges or markets agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer in relation to the 
Series. Notes which are neither listed nor admitted to trading 
on any market may also be issued.
The form of Final Terms (or applicable Pricing Supplement, 
in the case of Exempt Notes) will state whether or not the 
relevant Notes are to be listed and/or admitted to trading 
and, if so, on which stock exchanges and/or markets.
Governing Law:
The English Law Notes and any non-contractual obligations 
arising out of or in connection with the Notes will be 
governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, 
English law, except Condition 2.2 (Status of the Non-
Preferred Senior Notes) of the Terms and Conditions for the 
English Law Notes, Condition 2.3 (Status of the 
Subordinated Notes) of the Terms and Conditions of the 
English Law Notes and Condition 18 (Statutory Loss 
Absorption Powers) of the Terms and Conditions for the 
English Law Notes which shall be governed by, and 
construed in accordance with, Italian law.
The Italian Law Notes and any non-contractual obligations 
arising out of or in connection with them shall be governed 
by, and construed in accordance with, Italian Law.
See "Terms and Conditions for the English Law Notes –
Governing Law and Submission to Jurisdiction" and "Terms 
and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes – Governing Law 
and Submission to Jurisdiction".
Benchmark discontinuation: 
Notwithstanding the provisions in Condition 3.3 (Interest on 
Floating Rate Notes) or Condition 3.2 (Interest on Reset 
Notes), if a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to an 
Original Reference Rate when any Rate of Interest (or any 
component part thereof) remains to be determined by 
reference to such Original Reference Rate, then the Issuer 
shall use its reasonable endeavours to appoint an 
Independent Adviser, as soon as reasonably practicable, to 
determine a Successor Rate, failing which an Alternative 
Rate (in accordance with Condition 3.4(b) (Successor Rate
or Alternative Rate)) and, in either case, an Adjustment 
Spread if any (in accordance with Condition 3.4(c) 
(Adjustment 
Spread)) 
and 
whether 
any 
Benchmark

--- Page 20 ---
20
Selling Restrictions:
Amendments 
(in 
accordance 
with 
Condition 
3.4(d) 
(Benchmark Amendments)) are necessary to ensure the 
proper operation of such Successor Rate, Alternative Rate 
and/or Adjustment Spread (all as defined in the Conditions).
There are restrictions on the offer, sale and transfer of the 
Notes in the United States, the EEA (including Italy, France,
Belgium,
the 
United 
Kingdom,
Japan 
Singapore, 
Switzerland and such other restrictions as may be required 
in connection with the offering and sale of a particular 
Tranche of Notes, see "Subscription and Sale"). 
United States Selling Restrictions:
Regulation S, Category 2. TEFRA C or D/TEFRA not 
applicable, as specified in the form of Final Terms (or 
applicable Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt 
Notes).
Non-Preferred Senior Notes shall be distributed to qualified 
investors only in accordance with Law No. 205 of 27 
December 2017 on the budget of the Italian government for 
2018.

--- Page 21 ---
21
RISK FACTORS
In purchasing Notes, investors assume the risk that the Issuer may become insolvent or otherwise be 
unable to make all payments due in respect of the Notes. There is a wide range of factors, including 
those set out below, which individually or together could result in the Issuer becoming unable to make 
all payments due. The inability of the Issuers to pay interest, principal or other amounts on or in 
connection with any Notes may occur for other reasons outside the Issuer's control which may not be 
considered significant by the Issuer based on information currently available to them or which they 
may not currently be able to anticipate. The Issuer has identified in this Base Prospectus a number of 
factors which could materially adversely affect its business and ability to make payments due.
In addition, factors which are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with 
Notes issued under the Programme are also described below.
The Issuer believes that the factors described below represent the principal risks inherent in investing 
in the Notes issued under the Programme, but the inability of the Issuer to pay interest, principal or 
other amounts on or in connection with any Notes may occur for other reasons which may not be 
considered significant risks by the Issuer based on the information currently available to it or which it 
may not currently be able to anticipate.
Prospective investors should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base 
Prospectus and reach their own views prior to making any investment decision.
FACTORS 
THAT 
MAY 
AFFECT 
THE 
ISSUER'S 
ABILITY 
TO 
FULFIL 
ITS 
OBLIGATIONS UNDER NOTES ISSUED UNDER THE PROGRAMME
The risk below have been classified into the following categories:
Risks relating to the Issuer’s financial position
Risks relating to the Issuer’s business activity and industry
Risks related to the internal control of the Issuer
Risks related to the political, environmental, social and governance environment of the Issuer
Risks relating to the Issuer’s financial position
Risks related to the European sovereign debt crisis
The continued deterioration of the creditworthiness of various countries, including (among others) 
Greece, together with the potential for contagion to spread to other countries in Europe, including 
Italy, has exacerbated the severity of the global financial crisis. Such developments have posed a 
significant risk to the stability and status quo of the Economic and Monetary Union (EMU), and have 
raised concerns about its long-term sustainability. Furthermore, the ECB’s unconventional monetary 
policy tools have contributed to ease market tensions, limiting the refinancing risk for the banking 
system and leading to a tightening of credit spreads of sovereign risk. 
These concerns may impact the value of the assets of Eurozone banks and their ability to access the 
funding they need or may increase the costs of such funding, which may cause such banks to suffer 
liquidity stress. If the current concerns over sovereign and bank solvency continue, there is a danger 
that interbank funding may become generally unavailable or available only at elevated interest rates, 
which might impact the Issuer’s access to, and cost of, funding. Should the BPS group (the BPS 
Group or the Group) be unable to continue to source a sustainable funding profile, the BPS Group’s 
ability to fund its financial obligations at a competitive cost, or at all, could be adversely impacted. 
There is a risk that the future evolution of the macroeconomic outlook may have negative effects on

--- Page 22 ---
22
the equity, economic and financial position of the Issuer and/or the BPS Group.
The earning capacity and stability of the Issuer are affected by the general state of the economy, the 
dynamics of financial markets and, in particular, the strength and growth prospects of the economy in 
Italy (and the creditworthiness of its sovereign debt), as well as that of the Eurozone as a whole. In 
addition, the risk remains that a default of one or more countries in the Eurozone, the extent and 
precise nature of which is impossible to predict, could lead to the expulsion or voluntary withdrawal 
of one or more countries from the Eurozone or a disorderly break-up of the Eurozone, either of which 
could significantly disrupt financial markets and possibly trigger another global recession.
The performance of the BPS Group is influenced by the general economic situation, both nationally 
and in the euro area as a whole, and by the dynamics of the financial markets and, in particular, by the 
solidity and growth prospects of the economy in the geographical areas in which the BPS Group 
operates. In particular, the profitability and solvency of the BPS Group are influenced by the 
performance of factors such as investor expectations and confidence, the level and volatility of short 
and long-term interest rates, exchange rates, the liquidity of financial markets, the availability and cost 
of capital, the sustainability of sovereign debt, household income and consumer spending, 
unemployment levels, inflation and house prices.
Adverse changes in these factors, particularly in periods of economic and financial crisis, could lead 
to the BPS Group suffering losses, increases in funding costs and reductions in the value of assets 
held, with a potential negative impact on the BPS Group.
Liquidity risk
The Issuer’s business is subject to risks concerning liquidity which are inherent in its banking 
operations, and could affect the Issuer’s ability meet payment commitments or an incapacity to 
finance assets with the necessary punctuality on a cost/effective basis. In order to ensure that the 
Issuer continues to meet its funding obligations and to generally maintain or grow its business, it 
relies on customer savings and transmission balances, as well as ongoing access to the wholesale 
lending markets. The ability of the Issuer to access wholesale and retail funding sources on favourable 
economic terms is dependent on a wide range of factors, including issues out of its control, such as 
liquidity constraints, general market conditions and confidence in the Italian banking system.
In recent years, global financial systems have been subject to considerable turmoil and uncertainty 
and, as at the date of this Base Prospectus, the short and medium term outlook for the global economy 
remains uncertain. The repricing of sovereign risk following the recent crisis has contributed to high 
volatility and uncertainty, weighing negatively on the global financial system.
The current credit conditions of the global and Italian capital markets have led to the most severe 
examination of the banking system's capacity to absorb sudden significant changes in the funding and 
liquidity environment in recent history, and have had an impact on the wider economy. Individual 
institutions have faced varying degrees of stress. Should the BPS Group be unable to continue to 
source a sustainable funding profile which can absorb these sudden shocks, BPS Group's ability to 
fund its financial obligations at a competitive cost, or at all, could be adversely affected.
Further to the above, as at 30 June 2021, the Issuer had no exposure to US subprime mortgages and no 
related hedging contracts or other credit derivatives on loans. As of the same date, the Issuer’s
financial portfolio mainly comprises government securities with a limited duration (less than 4 years).
BPS relies on internal systems in order to monitor, control and mitigate liquidity risk; the 
management process aims at verifying BPS Group’s ability to meet ordinary and extraordinary 
payment obligations and minimise the associated expenses. In detail, the Issuer:

--- Page 23 ---
23

uses specific supervision instruments in order to monitor operating liquidity (short-term 
liquidity between overnight and 3 months) and structural liquidity (medium- to long-term 
liquidity with a structural maturity ladder);

compares the liquidity positions measured (both operating and structural) with the relevant 
early warning thresholds and calculates early warning indicators and contingency indicators; 
and

estimates the impact of different hypothetical scenarios (stress tests) on the liquidity position 
resulting from ordinary monitoring activities.

The Issuer believes that the policies adopted and the controls implemented by the BPS Group 
are adequate to keep liquidity risk under control. However, as at the date of this Base 
Prospectus, it cannot be ruled out that unknown and unexpected events might occur which 
could negatively affect the Issuer’s ability to meet its financial obligations as they fall due or 
to fulfil its commitments to lend.
Risks associated with the Issuer's rating
The risk associated with the ability of an issuer to meet its obligations generated by the issue of debt 
instruments and money market instruments is defined by reference to credit ratings assigned by 
independent rating agencies. A rating may be suspended, lowered or withdrawn at any time by the 
rating agency by which it has been assigned. Suspension, lowering or withdrawal of an assigned 
rating can negatively affect the market price of the bonds issued.
The current long-term counterparty credit ratings of the Issuer are, respectively, “BB+” from Fitch, 
“BBB (low)” from DBRS Ratings GmbH (DBRS Morningstar) and “BBB-” from Scope Rating 
GmbH; the current short-term counterparty credit ratings are, respectively, “B” from Fitch, “R-2 
(middle)” from DBRS Ratings GmbH (DBRS Morningstar). A downgrade of any of the Issuer’s 
ratings would result in higher funding and refinancing costs for the Issuer in the capital markets. Such 
downgrade may also affect or effectively limit access to the capital markets, because investing in the 
Issuer will in such case likely be considered less attractive (also because of the Issuer's possible 
reputational damage) and/or will no longer be allowed for certain investors. In addition, a downgrade 
of any of the Issuer’s ratings may limit the Issuer’s opportunities to extend mortgage loans and may 
have a particularly adverse effect on the Issuer’s image as a participant in the capital markets, as well 
as in the eyes of its clients. A rating downgrade might restrict the availability of funding or increase 
its cost for individuals and companies at a local level.
These factors may also have an adverse effect on the Issuer’s financial condition and/or results of 
operations and, as a consequence, on the rating assigned to the Notes.
Risks relating to the Issuer’s business activity and industry
Credit and counterparty risks
Credit and counterparty risks are associated with the event that the financial soundness and outlook of 
the Issuer or of the BPS Group deteriorate due to the risk of losses resulting from any inability or 
refusal by customers (including Sovereign States) to meet their contractual obligations, relating to 
lending, commitments, letters of credit, derivatives instruments, foreign currency transactions and 
other transactions.
Even though lending is the core business of the BPS Group, it is performed with the objective to 
achieve a controlled growth of lending throughout the country by means of a risk-taking strategy

--- Page 24 ---
24
focused on the most attractive geographic areas, customer segments and sectors of economic activity. 
This strategy consists of identifying risk ceilings that can be taken with lending (sector and individual 
concentration risk limits, etc.) and ensuring that they are consistent with the BPS Group’s budget 
targets and business plan. Improvement of credit quality is pursued by means of constant monitoring 
of the loan portfolio, assessing compliance with the risk strategy agreed on, with a focus on major risk
exposures.
A decrease in the creditworthiness of third parties could adversely affect the ability of the Issuer due 
to difficulty obtaining liquidity and/or could have an adverse impact on the results of the Issuer’s 
operations. 
Risks related to quality of loans
Credit quality in the Italian market is affected by the continuing weakness of the economy. Moreover, 
within the banking system generally, a growing number of companies are struggling to repay loans. 
The proportion of loans to companies experiencing temporary difficulties (substandard and 
restructured loans) is steadily increasing, while the deterioration of loans to households has remained 
moderate.
The Issuer, in line with market practice, has taken significant measures to dispose of its non-
performing loans which is an important element of its Strategic Plan (as defined below).
However, the Italian banking system is currently recording high levels of non-performing loans and, 
as a result, numerous other banks may seek to dispose of these assets, which may result in excess 
supply and downward price pressure. 
The Issuer may therefore find it difficult to identify buyers for non-performing loans or only find 
buyers willing to buy at low prices, which may result in adverse consequences for the Issuer's 
financial condition and results of operations.
Interest rate risk 
The interest rate risk consists of the possibility of incurring losses due to reductions in the value of 
assets and/or increases in the value of liabilities caused by adverse changes in interest rates on 
positions not included in the trading portfolio. The methodology used by BPS for the analysis of BPS 
Group’s sensitivity to interest rate risk comprises application of the internal models for strategic Asset 
& Liability Management (ALM). These analyses are also complemented by the measurements of an 
internal model for the daily calculation of Value at Risk (VaR) on debt instruments of the banking 
and trading portfolios which are exposed to market risks.
The internal processes for control and management of the interest rate risks associated with an adverse 
change in the fair value of assets and liabilities or a negative impact on the interest margin are based 
on a monthly (for ALM indicators) and daily (for Market VaR estimates) monitoring of the BPS 
Group’s risk exposure, supported by a system of quantitative limits, thresholds and alerts that globally 
reflect the risk appetite of the BPS Group and its main components. 
The main sources of interest rate risk from fair value consist of deposit/fundraising transactions 
(particularly, 
debt 
securities
and 
sight 
deposits 
statistically 
modelled) 
and 
fixed-rate 
lending/investment transactions (mainly loans and debt securities); the interest rate risk from cash 
flow is originated by the sight and indexed rate assets and liabilities which reprice in the time horizon 
or short-term fixed rate operations which are renewed.
The possibility of movements in interest rates may have negative impacts on the present and future

--- Page 25 ---
25
profitability arising from assets and liabilities generating interest margin in the BPS Group’s balance 
sheet.
Risks related to the Strategic Plan
On 30 March 2021, the Board of Directors of BPS approved the BPS Group’s 2021-2025 Strategic 
goals and projections (the “Strategic Plan”).
The Strategic Plan contains objectives to be met by 2023 (the “Plan Objectives” or the “Projected 
Data”) based on assumptions of both a general nature and a discretionary nature linked to the impact 
of specific operational and organisational actions that BPS intends to take during the period of time 
covered by the Strategic Plan.
The failure or partial occurrence of the assumed events or of the positive expected resulting effects 
could lead to potentially significant deviations from the forecasts in the Projected Data or hinder 
meeting them with consequent significant negative effects on the assets and the operations, balance 
sheets and/or income statement of BPS, and/or the BPS Group.
Competition
In recent years, the Italian banking sector has been characterised by ever-increasing competition 
which, together with the low level of interest rates, has caused a sharp reduction in the difference 
between borrowing and lending rates and subsequent difficulties in maintaining a positive growth 
trend in interest rate margin. In particular, such competition has had two main effects:
(i)
a progressive reduction in the differential between lending and borrower interest rates, which 
may result in the BPS Group facing difficulties in maintaining its actual rate of growth in 
interest rate margins; and
(ii)
a progressive reduction in commissions and fees, particularly from dealing on behalf of third 
parties and orders’ collection, due to competition in prices.
In particular, the banking sector in Italy, as well as in Europe, is experiencing a consolidation phase 
featuring a high degree of competition due to the following factors: (i) the introduction of EU 
directives aimed at liberalising the European Union banking sector; (ii) the deregulation of the 
banking sector and the connected development of “shadow banking” throughout the European Union, 
and specifically in Italy, which has encouraged competition in the traditional banking sector with the
effect of progressively reducing the spread between lending and borrowing rates; (iii) the behaviour of 
competitors (also following the changes introduced by Law No. 33 of 24 March 2015, which 
converted Decree 3/2015 regarding “cooperative banks” and the aggregative processes which 
followed or which could follow); (iv) consumer demand; (v) the profits of the Italian banking industry 
focused on revenues from fees, which lead to increased competition in the asset management and 
investment banking services fields; (vi) the change in several Italian tax and banking laws; (vii) the 
advance of services with a strong element of technological innovation, such as internet banking and 
mobile banking; and (viii) the influx of new competitors, and other factors not necessarily under the 
BPS Group’s control. 
All the above factors may adversely affect the BPS Group’s financial condition and resulting
operations. In addition, downturns in the Italian economy could add to the competitive pressure 
through, for example, increased price pressure and lower business volumes for which to compete.
The Issuer may be unable to maintain capital adequacy requirements
The rules on capital adequacy for banks define the prudential minimum capital requirements, the

--- Page 26 ---
26
quality of capital resources, and risk mitigation instruments. Such rules are complex and evolve 
regularly. In addition, the European Central Bank (ECB), as well as the Bank of Italy, can and do 
impose on the Group, as permitted by such rules, additional requirements with respect to its capital, 
which may restrict the Group’s operational flexibility and may, should it fail to meet such 
requirements, require the Group to adopt additional measures imposed by the ECB or other regulators. 
Capital adequacy requirements include – in addition to the capital ratios and buffer provided by the
CRR –the following main requirements: (a) the requirement to maintain a Minimum Requirement for 
Own Funds and Eligible Liabilities (MREL), expressed as a percentage of the total liabilities and own 
funds of the institution, in view of facilitating a smooth resolution of the bank, in the event of a 
resolution decision; and (b) a Liquidity Coverage Ratio (LCR), aimed at ensuring the ongoing ability 
of the bank to meet its short-term obligations. Beginning in June 2021, the banks will also have to 
meet a binding leverage ratio of 3 per cent, which is aimed at preventing banks from excessively 
increasing their leverage levels, and a binding Net Stable Funding Ratio (NSFR), designed to ensure 
that banks finance their long-term activities with stable sources of funding in order to increase banks' 
resilience to funding constraints.
For further information please see paragraph “Certain Regulatory Aspects Relating to the Issuer”, 
under the section “The Issuer”.
The BPS Group may be subject to the provisions of the EU Recovery and Resolution Directive
The Issuer – as a bank – is subject to the Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive (BRRD), which is 
an EU Directive intended to enable a range of actions to be taken in relation to institutions considered 
to be at risk of failing (i.e. sale of business, asset separation, bail-in and bridge institution). The taking 
of any action under the BRRD in relation to the Issuer could materially affect the value of or any 
repayments linked to the Notes. 
In particular, if the Issuer is determined to be failing or likely to fail within the meaning of BRRD, 
and is put under resolution, the Notes (both the Senior Notes and the Subordinated Notes) may be, 
totally or partially written down or converted into equity, if it is deemed necessary by the resolution 
Authority in the context of the resolution process. However, for the Subordinated Notes, such risk is 
higher as the Subordinated Notes are written down and/or converted, after the shares, but before the 
senior debt securities. Thus, depending on the number of resources necessary to resolve the Issuer, the 
conversion/write-down of the sole Subordinated Notes may be sufficient to ensure its recovery. 
Furthermore, the Single Resolution Board, as resolution Authority, may seek to amend the terms of 
the maturity date of the Notes: this circumstance could negatively affect the value of the Notes for the 
purpose of reselling the Notes. 
The resolution measures may be adopted in isolation or they may be adopted in combination. For 
instance, the relevant authority may require a partial conversion of the Notes into ordinary shares of 
the Issuer, in addition to the sale of the Issuer’s assets.
In this respect, it is worth mentioning that the BRRD has been subject to significant revisions by 
Directive 2019/879/EU (the “BRRD II”). The BRRD II is subject to transposition in Italy by means 
of the European Delegation Law (Law No. 53/2021) of 22 April 2021 in the implementation of which 
a draft Legislative Decree transposing BRRD II has been filed in August 2021 with the competent 
Parliament Committees for their examination. 
For further information please see paragraph “Certain Regulatory Aspects Relating to the Issuer”, 
under the section “The Issuer”.
COVID-19

--- Page 27 ---
27
The outbreak during the first half of 2020 of coronavirus disease (COVID-19) was declared a 
pandemic by the World Health Organisation, and the Health and Human Services Secretary declared a 
public health emergency in the United States in response to the outbreak; likewise, the Italian 
Government declared a state of emergency and passed a number of emergency measures to deal with 
the outbreak, including restrictions on travel, free movement of people and possible institutional 
closure; this continued during the second half of 2020 and the beginning of 2021 with “second wave” 
and “third wave” restrictions. However, in early 2021, a large-scale vaccination campaign has begun. 
The global economy has shown an uneven recovery both at the geographical and sectoral level, which 
has been strongly dependent on the speed of vaccine distribution in each country. The United States 
and United Kingdom are benefitting from an advanced vaccination campaign whilst (i) the EU is 
suffering from a greater slowness in inoculations and (ii) emerging countries are lagging behind, 
excluding China, where the virus is substantially under control and the economy exceeds pre-crisis 
levels. Therefore, this outbreak (and any future outbreaks) has led (and may continue to lead) to 
disruptions in the economies of those nations where COVID-19 has arisen and may in the future arise, 
which includes Italy, and may result in adverse impacts on the global economy in general. 
These circumstances have led to volatility in the capital markets, which may lead to volatility in or 
disruption to the credit markets at any time and may adversely affect the value of the Notes. The 
potential impacts, including a global, regional or other economic recession, are increasingly uncertain 
and difficult to assess. If the spread of COVID-19 increases or persists for a significant period of time, 
or other measures are put in place, this could have a materially negative impact on the global 
economy. Investors should note the risk that the virus, or any governmental or societal response to the 
virus, may affect the business activities and financial results of the Issuer and Group, and, or may 
impact the functioning of the financial system(s) needed to make regular and timely payments under 
the Notes, and therefore the ability of the Issuer to make payments under the Notes. 
Moreover, the outbreak of COVID-19 and the measures taken in relation thereto, will directly or 
indirectly result in increases of defaults under mortgage loans. Payment holidays have been granted 
and could be granted in the future pursuant to emergency legislation to borrowers in distress due to 
the COVID-19 outbreak, under which borrowers are allowed to defer making payments for certain 
amounts of time. This may result in payment disruptions and possibly higher losses under the 
mortgage loans. The impact will strongly depend on the duration and severity of the COVID-19 
outbreak. Even if the Italian GDP resurged from the depression of 2020, it has still registered a 
contraction in the first quarter of 2021, but a decisive recovery is expected in the coming months 
thanks to acceleration of the domestic vaccine campaign.
The Issuer may have incur significant costs to store or mitigate the effects of the foregoing. The 
Issuer's prospects, financial condition and results of operations in particular may be materially 
affected by the above factors, events and developments. Investors should note the risk that the virus, 
or any governmental or societal response to the virus, may (i) affect the business activities and 
financial results of the Issuer and therefore may prevent the ability of the Issuer to make payments 
under the Notes and (ii) increase the amount of NPL in the financial statements of the Issuer.
Forthcoming regulatory changes
The Issuer is subject to extensive regulation and supervision by, among others, the Bank of Italy, 
CONSOB, the ECB and the SRB. In addition, the Issuer must comply with financial services laws that 
govern its marketing and selling practices. 
Changes in the regulatory framework and in how such regulations are interpreted and/or applied by 
the supervisory authorities may have a material effect on the BPS Group’s business and operations. 
The manner in which the new framework of banking laws and regulations will be applied to the 
operations of financial institutions is still evolving. No assurance can be given that laws and 
regulations will be adopted, enforced or interpreted in a manner that will not have an adverse effect on

--- Page 28 ---
28
the business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations of the BPS Group. 
Prospective investors in the Notes should consult their own advisors as to the consequences for them 
of the application of the above regulations as implemented by each Member State.
For further information please see paragraph “Certain Regulatory Aspects Relating to the Issuer”, 
under the section “The Issuer”.
The Issuer may be affected by new accounting standards
Under International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS), for the purposes of preparing its 
consolidated financial statements, the Issuer uses estimates and assumptions that may have a 
significant effect on the values recorded on the balance sheet and income statement, as well as on the 
reporting of contingent assets and liabilities. These estimates and assumptions are applied on a going 
concern basis and are strongly influenced by growing uncertainty of the economic environment and 
current market conditions, the degree of volatility of financial parameters and the presence of high 
indicators for credit quality deterioration. Parameters and information used for the determination of 
estimates and assumptions are particularly affected by factors which by their nature are unpredictable. 
As a result, those estimates and assumptions may vary from period to period and, accordingly, it 
cannot be ruled out that amounts recorded in the Issuer’s most recent financial statements and those 
recorded in the future will differ, even significantly, following changes to the valuation methods to be 
applied.
The values recorded on the balance sheet and income statement, as well as on the reporting of 
contingent assets and liabilities are significantly affected by the above factors and, accordingly, even 
if the estimates and assumptions adopted are subject to periodic review in order to take into account 
changes in the relevant period, it cannot be ruled out that a worsening performance will have an 
adverse effect on the items subject to valuation and, ultimately, on the financial condition and results 
of operations of the Issuer. 
Risks associated with pending legal proceedings 
As at the date of the Base Prospectus, the Issuer and the BPS Group companies are/were parties to 
civil and administrative judiciary proceedings associated with their ordinary operations; for some of 
these proceedings, the Issuer has allocated, as recognised in its consolidated financial statements, a
specific provision for contingencies and liability, intended to cover potential liabilities resulting from 
the same proceedings.
Even though the outcome of the many legal proceedings to which the BPS Group is a party is 
intrinsically difficult to forecast and, therefore, it cannot be ruled out that an unfavourable outcome of
some of them might impact the BPS Group’s financial, income and equity situation, the Issuer 
believes that the allocated provision is adequate to meet any unfavourable outcomes. Moreover, the 
above proceedings are not significant when considered individually.
For other information on the pending legal proceedings to which the BPS Group is a party, reference 
is made to section “The Issuer” of this Base Prospectus.
Risks associated with the transformation process of the Issuer into a joint-stock company
Further to enactment of Law Decree No. 3 of 24 January 2015 entitled "Urgent measures for the 
banking system and investment" (the Decree 3/2015), which was published and converted into Italian 
law on 25 March 2015 by Law No. 33 dated 24 March 2015, BPS started the process of conversion 
from cooperative bank (banca popolare) to a joint stock company and, on 5 August 2021, its Board of

--- Page 29 ---
29
Directors approved the draft of the Articles of Association aimed at transforming the Bank into a joint 
stock company, which will be submitted to the Supervisory Authority.
In the event of any failure by the Issuer to comply with the legislative provisions mentioned above 
and to complete the transformation into a joint-stock company, the Bank of Italy may, inter alia, 
adopt a prohibition on undertaking new transactions or request to the European Central Bank the 
revocation of the authorisation to carry out banking activities and to the Italian Minister of the 
Economy and Finance the compulsory administrative liquidation.
Finally, as a consequence of the transformation into a joint-stock company, the Issuer's shareholders 
may be subject to a limitation on their right of withdrawal, as provided for in Article 28, paragraph 2-
ter of Consolidated Banking Act, where this is necessary to ensure the inclusion of the shares in the 
CET1 capital ratio. It should be noted that any reimbursement to the shareholders exercising 
withdrawals right - i.e. the shareholders who did not take part in the resolution regarding the 
transformation of the Issuer and who do not wish to be part of the new legal entity - will have to be 
made through the use of profits and reserves with a consequent possible impact on the Issuer's balance 
sheet.
Risk associated with inspections by regulatory authorities 
From October 2018 to February 2019, the ECB launched a new on-site inspection activity intended to 
focus on the analysis of accounting processes, policies and lending practices with a deep dive into 
individual credit positions belonging to the Corporate and SME - Corporate (Small and Medium 
Enterprises) segments with reference to the situation at the end of June 2018 (Credit File Review). 
After receipt of the final report of the inspection in May 2019, the Bank developed a specific action 
plan that is still being fully implemented, in order to address the findings provided by the Authority.
From May 2019 to July 2019, a new ECB on-site inspection took place to assess the identification, 
measurement and management processes of market risk and interest rate risk in the banking book 
(IRRBB) within the Bank. On 21 November 2019 the ECB formalised the final report of the 
inspection activity and thereafter, on 16 March 2020, submitted to the Bank the draft follow-up letter 
containing the supervisory recommendations and the required remedial actions. Following the closing 
meeting held with the ECB on 15 April 2020, the Bank is still waiting to receive the final letter from
the ECB inspection in order to draw-up a plan of actions to be implemented.
In addition, on 29 November 2019, the ECB required the Bank to: (a) update its Non Performing 
Exposures (NPE) strategy; (b) further enhance the functioning of the Board of Directors; and (c) 
strengthen the organisational structure, including governance and control arrangements, with specific 
regard to the compliance and the internal audit functions, taking into account the results of an 
independent assessment made by external advisors. A revised NPE strategy was approved by the 
Board of Directors of the Bank on 20 December 2019 setting more ambitious NPE reduction targets; 
on 15 April 2020, the ECB asked the Bank to submit a further update on its NPE strategy no later than 
30 September 2020, considering the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic. The remaining initiatives are 
addressed by specific Actions Plans shared with the Authority, whose implementation is still 
underway.
The BPS Group is subject, in the course of its ordinary activities, to inspections and other supervisory 
actions carried out by the supervisory authority that could require organisational interventions or 
strengthening of internal functions aimed at addressing weaknesses identified during inspections 
which might, furthermore, result in sanction proceedings which may have negative effects on 
operations, financial and capital position and economic results of the Issuer.
Risks associated with recent ECB guidance on NPL provisioning

--- Page 30 ---
30
The ECB published on 20 March 2017 its final guidance on non-performing loans (NPLs). It outlines 
measures, processes and best practices which banks should incorporate when tackling NPLs. The 
ECB expects banks to fully adhere to the guidance in line with the severity and scale of NPLs in their 
portfolios. On 15 March 2018, the ECB published an addendum to the guidance mentioned above 
which sets out the ECB’s supervisory expectations for prudent levels of provisions for new NPLs.
In this context, on 26 April 2019, the EU Regulation no. 2019/630, which introduces common 
minimum loss coverage levels for newly originated loans that become non-performing, entered into 
force. According to this regulation, where the minimum coverage requirement is not met, the 
difference between the actual coverage level and the requirement should be deducted from a bank's 
own funds (CET1). The minimum coverage levels thus act as a 'statutory prudential backstop'. The 
required coverage increases gradually depending on how long an exposure has been classified as non-
performing, being lower during the first years. This architecture would ensure that the risks associated 
with NPL losses that are not sufficiently covered are reflected in institutions' CET1 capital ratios. In 
order to facilitate a smooth transition towards the new prudential backstop, the new rules should not 
be applied in relation to exposures originated prior to 26 April 2019. No assurance can be given on the 
effect of the application of the new rules in relation to the Issuer’s exposures originated after 26 April 
2019.
In addition, on 26 June 2020, Regulation (EU) 2020/873 amending CRR and Regulation (EU) 
2019/876 as regards adjustments in response to the COVID-19 pandemic has been published, under
which, inter alia, a temporary extension has been provided to the preferential treatment under the 
NPL backstop received by NPLs guaranteed by official export credit agencies (ECAs) to NPLs 
guaranteed by the public sector in the context of measures aimed at mitigating the economic impact of 
the COVID-19 pandemic, recognising the similar characteristics shared by export credit agencies 
guarantees and COVID-19 related public guarantees.
Risks related to the internal control of the Issuer
Risk management and exposure to unidentified or unanticipated risks
The BPS Group has devoted significant resources to developing policies, procedures and assessment 
methods to manage market, credit, liquidity and operating risks and intends to continue to do so in the 
future. Nonetheless, the BPS Group’s risk management techniques and strategies may not be fully 
effective in mitigating its risk exposure in all economic market environments or against all types of 
risks, including risks that the Issuer fails to identify or anticipate. If existing or potential customers 
believe that the BPS Group’s risk management policies and procedures are inadequate, its reputation 
as well as its revenues and profits may be negatively affected.
Operational risk
Operational risk is defined as the risk of loss resulting from inadequate or failed internal processes 
and or systems, human resources and/or external events. This definition includes legal and conduct
risks, but excludes strategic and reputational risks. Legal risk includes, but is not limited to, exposure 
to fines, penalties or punitive damages resulting from supervisory actions, as well as private 
settlements. 
The BPS Group, being fully aware of the considerable damage to its image and its reputation which 
could arise from the occurrence of loss events, adopts a management system suitable, in the opinion 
of the Issuer, to mitigate the operational risk effects. This system relies on procedures for the
containment and mitigation of operational risks arising from transactions and for the prevention 
and/or limitation of the possible adverse effects resulting from them. However, the adoption of these 
measures may be inadequate to deal with the risks potentially arising, in part because of the 
unpredictability of the occurrence of risk events.

--- Page 31 ---
31
The most frequently recurring operational risks and those having the greatest individual impact in 
terms of overall amount usually include errors in the execution of day-to-day payments and trading in 
securities, litigations and settlement agreements with customers as well as external events, normally 
subject to mitigation through the purchase of insurance policies.
Risks related to Sanctioned Countries 
The Issuer has clients and partners who are located in various countries around the world and/or who 
are active players in markets on a global basis. Some of the countries or territories in which such
customers and partners are located and/or otherwise operate are, or may become, subject to 
comprehensive sanctions adopted by Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Department of the 
Treasury, the U.S. State Department, any other agency of the U.S. government, the United Nations, 
the European Union, Her Majesty's Treasury or the United Kingdom, generally prohibiting all direct 
or indirect dealings with such countries or territories (Sanctioned Countries). 
The Issuer has consistently adopted stringent sanctions compliance procedures to meet its obligations 
under the laws and regulations that apply to its operations and to ensure that violations of sanctions 
laws and regulations do not occur. Such procedures include enhanced due diligence on third parties as 
well as on goods which fall within the scope of import or export restrictions. The Issuer has also hired 
specialised counsel to provide regular advice on sanctions compliance matters. Furthermore, on 
October 2019, the quality certification of UNI EN ISO 9001-2008 by DNV (Det Norske Veritas), 
obtained on 7 December 2017 in relation to the Issuer’s compliance procedures, has been confirmed.
The relevant revenues generated by the Issuer from business related to Sanctioned Countries (as of the 
date of this Base Prospectus being Iran and Russia) currently represent a small portion (less than 1%)
of the Issuer’s total revenues. The Issuer does not maintain any physical presence in Sanctioned 
Countries. As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer has undertaken and continues to 
undertake commercial relationships (including both the processing of payments and activities 
entailing the use of Issuer’s own resources, such as bank guarantees, bonds, letters of credit, supplier 
credits and buyer credits) with counterparties located in Sanctioned Countries or related to the same
Sanctioned Countries. Such commercial transactions have all been, and are, carried out in full 
compliance with sanctions laws and regulations as applicable to the Issuer (e.g. comprehensive 
sanctions adopted by Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Department of the Treasury, the 
U.S. State Department, any other agency of the U.S. government, the United Nations, the European 
Union, Her Majesty’s Treasury or the United Kingdom) and are not believed to have caused any 
person or entity to violate any sanctions, nor they are expected to result in the Issuer nor the BPS 
Group becoming the subject of sanctions.
However, should the relevant sanctions be strengthened and/or should new sanctions be adopted, there 
may be prejudicial effects on these operations as well as on the reputation of the Issuer and/or the BPS 
Group. This, in turn, could result in negative effects on the capital, financial and economic situation of 
the Issuer and/or the BPS Group. Furthermore, it cannot be excluded that the Issuer and/or the BPS 
Group may become subject to boycotting or monitoring actions by non-governmental activist groups 
seeking to terminate BPS Group’s business relationships with its counterparties in, and its operations 
connected to, Sanctioned Countries.
Risks relating to information technology systems
The BPS Group depends on its information technology (IT) and data processing systems to operate its 
business, as well as on its continuous maintenance and constant updates. The BPS Group is exposed 
to the risk that data could be damaged or lost, removed, disclosed or processed (data breach) for 
purposes other than those authorised by the customer, including by unauthorised parties.

--- Page 32 ---
32
Among the risks that the Issuers face relating to the management of IT systems are the possible 
violations of their systems due to unauthorised access to the BPS Group corporate network, or IT 
resources, the introduction of viruses into computers or any other form of abuse committed via the 
internet. Like attempted hacking, such violations have become more frequent over the years 
throughout the world. Both the aggregation of new services for members and clients and the exposure 
of online services are becoming increasingly complex and gradually extending to more and more 
areas and products. In addition, the authors of cyber threats are using increasingly sophisticated 
methods and strategies for criminal purposes.
The possible destruction, damage or loss of customer, employee or third party data, as well as its 
removal, unauthorised processing or disclosure, would have a negative impact on the BPS Group’s 
business and reputation and could subject the BPS Group to fines, with consequent negative effects on 
the BPS Group’s business, results of operations or financial condition.
In addition, changes to relevant regulation could impose more stringent sanctions for violations, and 
could have a negative impact on the BPS Group’s business insofar as they lead the BPS Group to 
incur additional compliance costs.
Risks related to the political, environmental, social and governance environment of the Issuer
Risks related to a downgrade of the Italian sovereign credit rating
A further downgrade of the Italian sovereign credit rating or the perception that such a downgrade 
may occur would be likely to have a material effect in depressing consumer confidence, restricting the 
availability, increasing the cost of funding for individuals and companies, depressing economic 
activity, increasing unemployment, reducing asset prices and consequently increasing the risk of a 
“double dip” recession. 
Any further downgrade of the Italian sovereign credit rating or the perception that such a downgrade 
may occur may severely destabilise the markets and have a material adverse effect on the BPS 
Group’s operating results, financial condition, prospects as well as on the marketability of the Notes. 
This might also impact on the BPS Group’s credit ratings, borrowing costs and access to liquidity.
Risks associated with the general economic, financial and other business conditions
The results of the BPS Group are affected by global economic and financial conditions. During 
recessionary periods, there may be less demand for loan products and a greater number of the BPS 
Group’s customers may default on their loans or other obligations. Interest rate rises may also have an 
impact on the demand for mortgages and other loan products. Fluctuations in interest rates in Italy and 
in the Euro-zone and in the other markets in which the Issuer operates may influence its performance.
The Issuer’s financial performance is affected by borrower credit quality and general economic 
conditions, in particular in Italy and Europe
The Issuer monitors credit quality and manages the specific risk of each counterparty and the overall 
risk of the respective loan portfolios, and the Issuer will continue to do so, but there can be no 
assurance that such monitoring and risk management will suffice to keep the Issuer’s exposure to 
credit risk at acceptable levels. Any deterioration of the creditworthiness of significant individual 
customers or counterparties, or of the performance of loans and other receivables, as well as wrong 
assessments of creditworthiness or country risks may have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s 
business, financial condition and results of operations.
Interest rate rises may also have an impact on the demand for mortgages and other loan products. The 
risk arising from the impact of the economy and business climate on the credit quality of the BPS

--- Page 33 ---
33
Group's debtors and counterparties can affect the overall credit quality and the recoverability of loans 
and amounts due from counterparties.
As discussed above, these risks are exacerbated by concerns over the levels of the public debt of 
certain Euro-zone countries and their relative weaknesses. A rating downgrade in one of the countries 
in which the Issuer operates might restrict the availability of funding or increase its cost for 
individuals and companies at a local level. This might have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s 
operating results, financial conditions and business outlook.
Governmental and central banks' actions intended to support liquidity may be insufficient or 
discontinued
In response to the financial markets crisis, the reduced liquidity available to market operators in the 
industry, the increase of risk premiums and the capital requirements demanded by investors, 
intervention with respect to the level of capitalisation of banking institutions has had to be further 
increased. In many countries, this has been achieved through support measures for the financial 
system and direct intervention by governments in the share capital of the banks in different forms. In 
order to technically permit such government support, financial institutions were required to pledge 
securities deemed appropriate by different central financial institutions as collateral.
The unavailability of liquidity through such measures or the decrease or discontinuation of such 
measures by governments and central authorities could result in increased difficulties in procuring 
liquidity in the market and/or result in higher costs for the procurement of such liquidity, thereby 
adversely affecting the BPS Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations.
The Issuer’s financial performance is affected by “systemic risk”
In recent years, the global credit environment has been adversely affected by significant instances of 
default, and there can be no certainty that such instances will not occur in the future. Concerns about, 
or a default by, one institution could lead to significant liquidity problems, losses or defaults by other 
institutions because the commercial soundness of many financial institutions may be closely related as 
a result of credit, trading, clearing or other relationships between institutions. This risk is sometimes 
referred to as “systemic risk” and may adversely affect financial intermediaries, such as clearing 
agencies, clearing houses, banks, securities firms and exchanges with which the Issuer interacts on a 
daily basis and therefore could adversely affect the Issuer.
Catastrophic events, terrorist attacks and similar events could have a negative impact on the business 
and results of the Issuer
Catastrophic events, terrorist attacks and similar events, as well as the responses thereto, may create 
economic and political uncertainties, which could have a negative impact on economic conditions in 
the regions in which the Issuer operates and, more specifically, on the business and results of the 
Issuer in ways that cannot be predicted.
The relationship of the United Kingdom with the European Union may affect the business of the 
Issuer
On 31 January 2020 (“exit day”), the UK withdrew from the EU. Pursuant to Articles 126 and 127 of 
the Article 50 of the Treaty on European Union of the intention to withdraw from the European Union 
(the “Article 50 Withdrawal Agreement”) that entered into force on exit day, the UK entered an 
implementation period during which it negotiated its future relationship with the EU under the 
political declaration that accompanied the Article 50 Withdrawal Agreement. During such 
implementation period – which ended at 11 p.m. UK time (midnight CET) on 31 December 2020 (the

--- Page 34 ---
34
implementation period completion day, or “IP completion day”) – EU law generally continued to 
apply in the UK.
Following such negotiations, on 24 December 2020 the UK and the EU concluded a free trade 
agreement known as the ‘UK-EU Trade and Cooperation Agreement’ (the “TCA”), which has been 
approved by the European Parliament on 27 April 2021 and entered into force on 1 May 2021. The 
TCA, which entered into force (initially on a temporary basis) on IP completion day, is principally a 
free trade agreement in goods. It does not address in any detail a number of areas, including the cross-
border provision of services, the ‘passporting’ of UK and EU financial institutions, the determination 
of equivalence between EU and UK financial market regulations, or judicial cooperation in civil 
matters. In addition, on IP completion day, as a unilateral matter and in order to mitigate the effect of 
the EU Treaties no longer applying to the UK, the UK incorporated into its law (i.e. grandfathered) 
the majority of EU law as it stood at IP completion day (“EU retained law”).
Notwithstanding the conclusion of the Withdrawal Agreement and the TCA by the EU and the UK, 
and the implementation by the UK of EU retained law, there remain significant uncertainties with 
regard to the political and economic outlook of the UK and the EU and there are likely to be changes 
in the legal rights and obligations of commercial parties across all industries, particularly in the 
services sector (including financial services) following the UK's exit from the EU.
There is a risk that other EU Member States could hold referenda as to their membership of, and 
ultimately leave, the EU, as did the UK, and that one or more EU Member States that adopted the 
Euro as their national currency might decide, in the long term, to adopt an alternative currency, or that 
there is a prolonged period of uncertainty connected to these eventualities. These risks if they 
materialised could have a significant negative impact on global economic conditions and the stability 
of the international financial markets. This could include further volatility in equity markets, in the 
value of sterling and/or the Euro and in financial markets generally, a reduction in global market 
liquidity with a potential negative impact on asset prices, operating results and capital including as 
may impact the financial position of the Issuer and/or the BPS Group and the market value and/or 
liquidity of the Notes in the secondary market.
In addition to the above, and in consideration of the fact that at the date of this Base Prospectus there 
is no legal procedure or practice aimed at facilitating the exit of a Member State from the Eurozone, 
the consequences of these decisions are exacerbated by the uncertainty regarding the methods by 
which a Member State could manage its current assets and liabilities denominated in Euros and the 
exchange rate between the newly adopted currency and the Euro. A collapse of the Eurozone could be 
accompanied by the deterioration of the economic and financial situation of the European Union and 
could have a significant negative effect on the entire financial sector, creating new difficulties in the 
granting of sovereign loans and loans to businesses and involving considerable changes to financial 
activities both at market and retail level. This situation could therefore have a significant negative 
impact on the operating results and capital and financial position of the Issuer and/or the BPS Group
and/or the Issuer’s ability to pay interest and repay principal under the Notes, as well as the market 
value and/or the liquidity of the Notes in the secondary market.
FACTORS WHICH ARE MATERIAL FOR THE PURPOSE OF ASSESSING THE MARKET 
RISKS ASSOCIATED WITH NOTES ISSUED UNDER THE PROGRAMME 
Risks related to the structure of a particular issue of Notes
A range of Notes may be issued under the Programme. A number of these Notes may have features 
which contain particular risks for potential investors. Set out below is a description of the most 
common such features, distinguishing between factors which may occur in relation to any Notes and 
those which might occur in relation to certain types of Exempt Notes:

--- Page 35 ---
35
Risks applicable to all Notes
If the Issuer has the right to redeem any Notes at its option, this may limit the market value of the 
Notes concerned and an investor may not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in a manner 
which achieves a similar effective return. 
An optional redemption feature is likely to limit the market value of Notes. During any period when 
the Issuer may elect to redeem Notes or there is an actual or perceived increase in the likelihood that 
the Issuer will be able to redeem the Notes, the market value of those Notes generally will not rise 
substantially above the price at which they can be redeemed. This also may be true prior to any 
redemption period.
The Issuer may be expected to redeem Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest rate 
on the Notes. At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption 
proceeds at an effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Notes being redeemed and may
only be able to do so at a significantly lower rate. Potential investors should consider reinvestment 
risk in light of other investments available at that time.
The Issuer may also, at its option, redeem Senior Notes and Non-Preferred Senior Notes for tax
reasons in the circumstances described in, and in accordance with, Condition 5.2 (Redemption for tax 
reasons) of the Terms and Conditions for the English Law Notes and Condition 5.2 (Redemption for 
tax reasons) for the Italian Law Notes or in accordance with Condition 5.4 (Redemption at the option 
of the Issuer (Issuer Call)) of the Terms and Conditions for the English Law Notes and Condition 5.4 
(Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Call)) of the Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law 
Notes or in the circumstances described and in accordance with Condition 5.6 (Issuer Call due to 
MREL Disqualification Event) of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes and Condition 
5.6 (Issuer Call due to MREL Disqualification Event) of the Terms and Conditions of the Italian Law 
Notes. Any redemption of the Senior Notes or Non-Preferred Senior Notes is subject to compliance 
by the Issuer with any conditions to such redemption prescribed by MREL Requirements at the 
relevant time (including any requirements applicable to such redemption due to the qualification of 
such Senior Notes or Non-Preferred Senior Notes at such time as eligible liabilities available to meet 
the MREL Requirements). See “Early redemption and purchase of the Senior Notes and Non-
Preferred Senior Notes may be restricted” below for further information.
In addition, the Issuer may also, at its option, redeem Subordinated Notes for tax reasons in the 
circumstances described in, and in accordance with, Condition 5.2 (Redemption for tax reasons) of the 
Terms and Conditions for the English Law Notes and Condition 5.2 (Redemption for tax reasons) of 
the Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes or, if so specified in the form of Final Terms, 
following a change of the regulatory classification of the relevant Subordinated Notes in the 
circumstances described in, and in accordance with Condition 5.3 (Redemption for regulatory reasons 
(Regulatory Call)) of the Terms and Conditions for the English Law Notes and Condition 5.3 
(Redemption for regulatory reasons (Regulatory Call)) of the Terms and Conditions for the Italian 
Law Notes or in accordance with Condition 5.4 (Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Call))
of the Terms and Conditions for the English Law Notes and Condition 5.4 (Redemption at the option 
of the Issuer (Issuer Call)) of the Terms and Conditions of the Italian Law Notes. Any redemption of 
the Subordinated Notes is subject to the prior approval of the relevant Competent Authority and in 
accordance with applicable laws and regulations, including Articles 77 and 78 of the CRR. See 
“Regulatory classification of the Notes” below for further information.
If the Notes include a feature to convert the interest basis from a fixed rate to a floating rate, or vice 
versa, this may affect the secondary market and the market value of the Notes concerned.
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes are Notes which bear interest at a rate that converts from a fixed rate to a 
floating rate, or from a floating rate to a fixed rate. Such a feature to convert the interest basis, and any

--- Page 36 ---
36
conversion of the interest basis, may affect the secondary market in, and the market value of, such 
Notes as the change of interest basis may result in a lower interest return for Noteholders. Where the 
Notes convert from a fixed rate to a floating rate, the spread on the Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may be 
less favourable than then prevailing spreads on comparable Floating Rate Notes tied to the same 
reference rate. In addition, the new floating rate at any time may be lower than the rates on other 
Notes. Where the Notes convert from a floating rate to a fixed rate, the fixed rate may be lower than 
then prevailing rates on those Notes and could affect the market value of an investment in the relevant 
Notes.
Notes which are issued at a substantial discount or premium may experience price volatility in 
response to changes in market interest rates.
The market values of securities issued at a substantial discount (such as Zero Coupon Notes) or 
premium to their principal amount tend to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest 
rates than do prices for more conventional interest-bearing securities. Generally, the longer the 
remaining term of such securities, the greater the price volatility as compared to more conventional 
interest-bearing securities with comparable maturities.
Waiver of set-off
As specified in Condition 2.1 (Status of the Senior Notes) of the Terms and Conditions for the English 
Law Notes and Condition 2.1 (Status of the Senior Notes) of the Terms and Conditions for the Italian 
Law Notes, each holder of a Senior Note unconditionally and irrevocably waives any right of set-off, 
netting, counterclaim, abatement or other similar remedy which it might otherwise have under the 
laws of any jurisdiction, in respect of such Senior Note.
As specified in Condition 2.2 (Status of the Non-Preferred Senior Notes) of the Terms and Conditions 
for the English Law Notes and Condition 2.2 (Status of the Non-Preferred Senior Notes) of the Terms 
and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes, each holder of a Non-Preferred Senior Note unconditionally 
and irrevocably waives any right of set-off, netting, counterclaim, abatement or other similar remedy 
which it might otherwise have under the laws of any jurisdiction, in respect of such Non-Preferred 
Senior Note.
As specified in Condition 2.3 (Status of the Subordinated Notes) of the Terms and Conditions for the 
English Law Notes and Condition 2.3 (Status of the Subordinated Notes) of the Terms and Conditions 
for the Italian Law Notes each holder of a Subordinated Note unconditionally and irrevocably waives 
any right of set-off, netting, counterclaim, abatement or other similar remedy which it might otherwise 
have, under the laws of any jurisdiction, in respect of such Subordinated Note.
The Notes have limited Events of Default and remedies
The Events of Default in respect of the Notes, being events upon which the Trustee, in the case of 
English Law Notes, (or, in certain circumstances, the Noteholders) may declare the Notes to be 
immediately due and payable, are limited to circumstances in which the Issuer (i) is liquidated 
(including when the Issuer becomes subject to Liquidazione Coatta Amministrativa as defined in the 
Consolidated Banking Act) or (ii) is insolvent as set out in Condition 8.1 (Events of Default relating 
to Senior Notes, Non-Preferred Senior Notes and Subordinated Notes) of the Terms and Conditions 
for the English Law Notes and Condition 8.1 (Events of Default relating to Senior Notes, Non-
Preferred Senior Notes and Subordinated Notes) of the Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law 
Notes. Accordingly, other than following the occurrence of an Event of Default, if the Issuer fails to 
meet any of its obligations under the Notes, including without limitation the payment of any interest, 
the Trustee, in the case of English Law Notes, (and the Noteholders) will not have the right of 
acceleration in respect of any amount due under the Notes and the sole remedy available to 
Noteholders for recovery of amounts owing in respect of any of the Notes will be the institution of

--- Page 37 ---
37
proceedings to enforce the payment of any such amount. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Issuer 
will not, by virtue of the institution of any such proceedings, be obliged to pay any sum or sums 
sooner than the same would otherwise have been payable by it.
In the case of Notes which are issued as Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds, please 
also see Risk Factor "In respect of any Notes issued with a specified use of proceeds, such as a 
"Green Bond" or "Social Bond" or "Sustainability Bond", there can be no assurance that such use of 
proceeds will be suitable for the investment criteria of an investor ".
The Notes may be subject to loss absorption or any application of the general bail-in tool
The BRRD contemplates that the Notes may be subject to non-viability loss absorption, in addition to 
the application of the general bail-in tool. 
For further information please see paragraph “Certain Regulatory Aspects Relating to the Issuer” 
under the section entitled “The Issuer”. 
Risks applicable to the Senior Notes and the Non-Preferred Senior Notes
The Issuer’s obligations under Non-Preferred Senior Notes rank junior to unsecured and 
unsubordinated preferred obligations of the Issuer
The Issuer’s obligations under Non-Preferred Notes Senior Notes will be unsecured, unsubordinated 
and non-preferred obligations and will rank junior to Senior Notes, any other unsecured and 
unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer which rank, or are expressed to rank by their terms, senior to 
Non-Preferred Senior Notes and claims arising from the excluded liabilities within the meaning of 
Article 72a(2) of the CRR. Although Non-Preferred Senior Notes may pay a higher rate of interest 
than comparable Notes which rank senior to the Non-Preferred Senior Notes, there is a real risk that 
an investor in Non-Preferred Senior Notes will lose all or some of his investment should the Issuer 
become insolvent. 
Senior Notes and Non-Preferred Senior Notes could be subject to Issuer Call due to MREL 
Disqualification Event
If at any time an MREL Disqualification Event occurs and is continuing in relation to any Series of 
Senior Notes or Non-Preferred Senior Notes, and the form of Final Terms for the Senior Notes or the 
Non-Preferred Senior Notes of such Series specify that Issuer Call due to MREL Disqualification 
Event is applicable, the Issuer may (subject to the provisions of Condition 5.13 (Conditions to Early 
Redemption and Purchase of Senior Notes and Non-Preferred Senior Notes) of the Terms and 
Conditions for the English Law Notes and Condition 5.13 (Conditions to Early Redemption and 
Purchase of Senior Notes and Non-Preferred Senior Notes) of the Terms and Conditions for the 
Italian Law Notes, elect to redeem all, but not some only, of the Senior Notes or the Non-Preferred 
Senior Notes of such Series. An MREL Disqualification Event means that, at any time, all or part of 
the aggregate outstanding nominal amount of such Series of Senior Notes or Non-Preferred Senior 
Notes is or will be excluded fully or partially from the eligible liabilities available to meet the MREL 
Requirements, subject to as set out in Condition 5.6 (Issuer Call due to MREL Disqualification Event)
of the Terms and Conditions for the English Law Notes and Condition 5.6 (Issuer Call due to MREL 
Disqualification Event) of the Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes. The applicability of 
the minimum requirements for eligible liabilities is subject to the application, in the EU and in Italy, 
of the new EU regulatory framework under the BRRD II, SRM II Regulation, CRD V Directive and 
CRR II (the EU Banking Framework).
If the Senior Notes or the or Non-Preferred Senior Notes are to be so redeemed, there can be no 
assurance that Noteholders will be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds at an effective interest

--- Page 38 ---
38
rate as high as the interest rate on the Senior Notes or Non-Preferred Senior Notes being redeemed. 
Potential investors should consider reinvestment risk in light of other investments available at that 
time. In addition, an MREL Disqualification Event could result in a decrease in the market price of 
the Notes.
See also “If the Issuer has the right to redeem any Notes at its option, this may limit the market value 
of the Notes concerned and an investor may not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in a 
manner which achieves a similar effective return” above.
Early redemption and purchase of the Senior Notes and Non-Preferred Senior Notes may be 
restricted
Any early redemption or purchase of Senior Notes and Non-Preferred Senior Notes is subject to 
compliance by the Issuer with any conditions to such redemption or repurchase prescribed by MREL 
Requirements at the relevant time, including any requirements applicable to such redemption or 
repurchase due to the qualification of such Senior Notes or Non-Preferred Senior Notes at such time 
as eligible liabilities available to meet the MREL Requirements.
In addition, under the New EU Banking Framework, the early redemption or purchase of Senior Notes 
and Non-Preferred Senior Notes which qualify as eligible liabilities available to meet MREL 
Requirements is subject to the prior approval of the Competent Authority where applicable from time 
to time under the applicable laws and regulations. The New EU Banking Framework states that the 
Competent Authority would approve an early redemption of the Senior Notes and Non-Preferred 
Senior Notes where any of the following conditions is met:
(a)
on or before such early redemption or purchase of the Senior Notes or Non-Preferred Senior 
Notes, the Issuer replaces the Senior Notes or Non-Preferred Senior Notes with own funds 
instruments or eligible liabilities of an equal or higher quality on terms that are sustainable for 
the income capacity of the Issuer; 
(b)
the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Competent Authority that its Own Funds 
and eligible liabilities would, following such redemption or purchase, exceed the requirements 
for own funds and eligible liabilities set out in the CRD V Directive or the BRRD II (or, in 
either case, any relevant provisions of Italian law implementing the CRD V Directive or, as 
appropriate, the BRRD II) or the CRR II by a margin that the Competent Authority considers
necessary; or
(c)
the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Competent Authority that the partial or 
full replacement of the eligible liabilities with own funds instruments is necessary to ensure 
compliance with the own funds requirements laid down in the CRR II and in the CRD V 
Directive for continuing authorisation.
The Competent Authority shall consult with the Relevant Resolution Authority before granting that 
permission, as requested pursuant to the New EU Banking Framework. 
Senior Notes and Non-Preferred Senior Notes which are English Law Notes may be subject to 
substitution and modification without Noteholders’ consent Senior Notes and Non-Preferred Senior 
Notes which are Italian Law Notes may be subject to modification without Noteholders' consent
If Substitution or Variation (in respect of the English Law Notes) or Variation (in respect of the Italian 
Law Notes) is specified as being applicable in the circumstances described in (i) and/or (ii) below in 
the relevant Final Terms for any Series of Senior Notes or Non-Preferred Senior Notes then (i) at any 
time an MREL Disqualification Event occurs and/or as applicable (ii) in order to ensure the 
effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 18 (Statutory Loss Absorption Powers) of the Terms and

--- Page 39 ---
39
Conditions for the English Law Notes and Condition 16 (Statutory Loss Absorption Powers) of the 
Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes, the Issuer may, subject to giving any notice required 
to be given to, and receiving any consent required from, the Competent Authority and/or as 
appropriate the Relevant Resolution Authority (without any requirement for the consent or approval 
of the holders of the Senior Notes or Non-Preferred Senior Notes of that Series) and having given not 
less than 30 nor more than 60 days’ notice to the Trustee (in respect of the English Law Notes) and to 
the Paying Agents (in respect of the Italian Law Notes) and the holders of the Notes of that Series (or
such other notice periods as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms), at any time either 
substitute all (but not some only) of such Senior Notes or Non-Preferred Senior Notes which are 
English Law Notes, or vary the terms of Senior Notes or Non-Preferred Senior Notes which are either 
English Law Notes or Italian Law Notes so that they remain or, as appropriate, become, Qualifying 
Senior Notes or Qualifying Non-Preferred Senior Notes, as applicable, provided that such variation or 
(for the English Law Notes only) substitution does not itself give rise to any right of the Issuer to 
redeem the varied or (for the English Law Notes only) substituted securities.
Qualifying Senior Notes or Qualifying Non-Preferred Senior Notes, as applicable, are securities 
issued by the Issuer that, other than in respect of the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 18 
(Statutory Loss Absorption Powers) of the Terms and Conditions for the English Law Notes and 
Condition 16 (Statutory Loss Absorption Powers) of the Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law 
Notes, have terms not materially less favourable to the Noteholders (as reasonably determined by the 
Issuer) than the terms of the relevant Senior Notes or Non-Preferred Senior Notes, as applicable. 
However, no assurance can be given as to whether any of these changes (including, without 
limitation, any changes to governing law and/or jurisdiction) will negatively affect any particular
Noteholder. In addition, the tax and stamp duty consequences of holding such substituted or varied 
(for either English Law Notes or Italian Law Notes) notes could be different for some categories of 
Noteholders from the tax and stamp duty consequences for them of holding the notes prior to such 
substitution or variation (for either English Law Notes or Italian Law Notes).
Senior Notes and Non-Preferred Senior Notes may be subject to loss absorption on any application of 
the general bail-in-tool 
Investors should be aware that Senior Notes and Non-Preferred Senior Notes may be subject to 
write-down or conversion into equity capital instruments on any application of the general bail-in 
tool, which may result in such holders losing some or all of their investment. The exercise of the 
general bail-in tool, or any other power under the BRRD or any suggestion or perceived 
suggestion of such exercise could, therefore, materially adversely affect the rights of holders 
Senior Notes and Non-Preferred Senior Notes, the price or value of their investment in any such 
Notes and/or the ability of the Issuer to satisfy its obligations under such Notes. Any shares 
issued to holders of Senior Notes or Non-Preferred Senior Notes upon any such conversion into 
equity capital instruments may be of little value at the time of conversion and may also be subject 
to any future application of the BRRD.
Risks applicable to the Subordinated Notes
An investor in Subordinated Notes assumes an enhanced risk of loss in the event of insolvency of 
BPS
BPS’ obligations under Subordinated Notes will be unsecured and subordinated and will rank 
junior in priority of payment to Senior Liabilities. Senior Liabilities means any direct, 
unconditional, unsecured and unsubordinated indebtedness or payment obligations (including 
Non-Preferred Senior Notes or indebtedness or obligations which are subordinated but to a lesser 
degree than the obligations under the relevant Subordinated Notes) of BPS for money borrowed 
or raised or guaranteed by BPS and any indebtedness or mandatory payment obligations 
preferred by the laws of the Republic of Italy. Although Subordinated Notes may pay a higher

--- Page 40 ---
40
rate of interest than comparable Notes which are not subordinated (including Non-Preferred 
Senior Notes), there may be a higher risk that an investor in Subordinated Notes will lose all or 
some of his investment should BPS become insolvent.
In no event will holders of Subordinated Notes be able to accelerate the obligations of the Issuer 
under Subordinated Notes held by them; such holders will have claims only for amounts then due 
and payable on their Subordinated Notes. After BPS has fully paid all deferred interest on any 
issue of Subordinated Notes and if that issue of Subordinated Notes remains outstanding, future 
interest payments on that issue of Subordinated Notes will be subject to further deferral.
Subordinated Notes may be subject to loss absorption on any application of the general bail-in-
tool or at the point of non-viability of the Issuer and the BPS Group or may be the subject to the 
burden sharing requirements of the EU State aid framework and the BRRD
Investors should be aware that, in addition to the general bail-in tools, the BRRD contemplates 
that Subordinated Notes may be subject to a write-down or conversion into common shares at the 
point of non-viability of the Issuer and the BPS Group and before any other resolution action is 
taken, with losses absorbed in accordance with priority of claims under normal insolvency 
proceedings should the Bank of Italy, the SRB or other authority or authorities having prudential 
oversight of BPS at the relevant time exercise the power to do so (Non-Viability Loss 
Absorption). The BRRD is intended to enable a range of actions to be taken in relation to credit 
institutions and investment firms considered to be at risk of failing.
Furthermore, the BRRD provides for a Member State as a last resort, after having assessed and 
applied the resolution tools (including the general bail-in tool) to the maximum extent practicable 
whilst maintaining financial stability, to be able to provide extraordinary public financial support 
through additional financial stabilisation tools. These consist of the public equity support and 
temporary public ownership tools. Any such extraordinary financial support must be provided in 
accordance with the burden sharing requirements of the EU state aid framework and the BRRD. 
As an exemption from these principles, the BRRD allows for three kinds of extraordinary public 
support to be provided to a solvent institution without triggering resolution: 1) a State guarantee 
to back liquidity facilities provided by central banks according to the central banks’ conditions; 
2) a State guarantee of newly issued liabilities; or 3) an injection of own funds in the form of 
precautionary recapitalisation. In the case of precautionary recapitalization EU state aid rules 
require that shareholders and junior bond holders (such as holders of the Subordinated Notes) 
contribute to the costs of restructuring.
As a result, Subordinated Notes may be subject to a partial or full write-down or conversion to 
Common Equity Tier 1 instruments of the Issuer or one of the BPS Group’s entities or another 
institution. Accordingly, trading behaviour may also be affected by the threat that Non-Viability 
Loss Absorption (or the general bail-in tool) may be applied to Subordinated Notes or the burden
sharing requirements of the EU state aid framework and the BRRD may be applied and, as a 
result, Subordinated Notes are not necessarily expected to follow the trading behaviour 
associated with other types of securities. Noteholders should consider the risk that they may lose 
all of their investment, including the principal amount plus any accrued interest if the Non-
Viability Loss Absorption (or the general bail-in tool) is applied to the Subordinated Notes or the 
burden sharing requirements of the EU state aid framework and the BRRD are applied or that 
such Subordinated Notes may be converted into ordinary shares which ordinary shares may be of 
little value at the time of conversion.
In addition, on 20 April 2021, the Italian Parliament approved delegation law (Legge di 
delegazione europea) 2019-2020 (the BRRD II Delegation Law), which provides for the 
implementation of the BRRD II in Italy and sets forth, under Article 11, the principles for such 
implementation. However, the BRRD II Delegation Law does not contain specific provisions

--- Page 41 ---
41
transposing Article 48(7) of BRRD II into Italian law, and it is therefore unclear how this 
provision will be implemented in Italy. According to Article 48(7) of BRRD II, a claim resulting 
from an own funds item shall rank lower than any claim that does not result from an Own Funds 
item and if an instrument is only partly recognised as an own funds item, the whole instrument 
shall be treated as a claim resulting from an own funds item. In other jurisdictions in the EU, 
such transposition requires certain instruments which are fully disqualified as own funds items to 
be treated with an improved ranking compared to any claim that results from an own funds item 
(such as Subordinated Notes). Once Article 48(7) of BRRD II is implemented in Italy, if 
Subordinated Notes of the Issuer were to be disqualified entirely as own funds items in the 
future, their ranking could improve compared to Subordinated Notes which at the relevant time 
qualify as own funds items (in whole or in part) and, in the event of a liquidation or bankruptcy 
of the Issuer, the Issuer would, inter alia, be required to pay subordinated creditors of the Issuer, 
whose claims arise from liabilities that no longer fully or partially are recognized as an own 
funds instrument in full before it can make any payments on the Subordinated Notes. 
Furthermore, if the Subordinated Notes are fully disqualified as own funds items, such Notes 
could not be subject to a write-down or conversion into common shares at the point of non-
viability even though they would continue to be subject to bail-in, and, in the event the Issuer 
were to receive extraordinary financial support in accordance with the EU state aid framework 
and the BRRD, the burden sharing requirements of such legislation.
Regulatory classification of the Notes
The intention of BPS is for Subordinated Notes to qualify on issue as "Tier 2 capital" for 
regulatory capital purposes of both the Issuer and the BPS Group. Current regulatory practice by 
the Bank of Italy (acting as lead regulator) does not require (or customarily provide) a 
confirmation prior to the issuance of Subordinated Notes that the Notes will be treated as such.
Although it is BPS’ expectation that the Subordinated Notes qualify on issue as "Tier 2 capital"
of both the Issuer and the BPS Group, there can be no representation that this is or will remain 
the case during the life of such Notes. If there is a change in the regulatory classification of the 
Subordinated Notes that would be likely to result in their exclusion from "Tier 2 capital" at 
individual or consolidated basis in whole or in part, provided that, in case of exclusion in part, such 
exclusion is not as a result of amortisation or any limits on the amount of “Tier 2” capital applicable 
to the Issuer and, in respect of any redemption of the relevant Subordinated Notes proposed to be 
made prior to the fifth anniversary of the Issue Date, both of the following conditions are met: (i) 
the Competent Authority (as defined in Condition 5.14 (Conditions to Early Redemption and 
Purchase of Subordinated Notes) of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes and 
Condition 5.14 (Conditions to Early Redemption and Purchase of Subordinated Notes) of the 
Terms and Conditions of the Italian Law Notes considers such a change to be reasonably certain 
and (ii) BPS demonstrates to the satisfaction of the Competent Authority that the change in the 
regulatory classification of the Subordinated Notes was not reasonably foreseeable by BPS as at 
the date of the issue of the relevant Subordinated Notes, BPS will (if so specified in the form of 
Final Terms) have the right to redeem the Subordinated Notes in accordance with Condition 5.3
(Redemption for regulatory reasons (Regulatory Call)) of the Terms and Conditions for the English 
Law Notes and Condition 5.3 (Redemption for regulatory reasons (Regulatory Call)) of the Terms 
and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes, subject to, inter alia, the prior approval of the relevant 
Competent Authority and in accordance with applicable laws and regulations, including Articles 
77 and 78 of the CRR. There can be no assurance that holders of such Subordinated Notes will be 
able to reinvest the amounts received upon redemption at a rate that will provide the same rate of 
return as their investments in the relevant Notes, as the case may be. In addition, the occurrence 
of such event could result in a decrease in the market price of the Notes.
Any redemption or purchase of Senior Notes and Non-Preferred Senior Notes in accordance with

--- Page 42 ---
42
Conditions 5.2, 5.4, 5.6 or 5.9 of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes and 
Conditions 5.2, 5.4, 5.6 or 5.9 of the Terms and Conditions of the Italian Law Notes is subject to 
compliance by the Issuer with any conditions to such redemption or repurchase prescribed by the 
MREL Requirements at the relevant time (including any requirements applicable to such 
redemption or repurchase due to the qualification of such Senior Notes or Non-Preferred Senior 
Notes at such time as eligible liabilities available to meet the MREL Requirements).
Subordinated Notes which are English Law Notes may be subject to substitution and modification 
without Noteholder consent Subordinated Notes which are Italian Law Notes may be subject to 
modification without Noteholders' consent
If Substitution or Variation (in respect of the English Law Notes) or Variation (in respect of the Italian 
Law Notes) is specified as being applicable in the relevant Final Terms, in order to ensure the 
effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 18 (Statutory Loss Absorption Powers) of the Terms and 
Conditions for the English Law Notes for any Series of Subordinated Notes which are English Law 
Notes and Condition 16 (Statutory Loss Absorption Powers) of the Terms and Conditions for the 
Italian Law Notes for any Series of Subordinated Notes which are Italian Law Notes, then the Issuer 
may, subject to giving any notice required to be given to, and receiving any consent required from, the 
Competent Authority and/or as appropriate the Relevant Resolution Authority (without any 
requirement for the consent or approval of the holders of the Subordinated Notes of that Series), and 
having given not less than 30 nor more than 60 days’ notice to the Trustee (in respect of the English 
Law Notes) and the Paying Agents (in respect of the Italian Law Notes) and the holders of the Notes 
of that Series (or such other notice periods as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms), at any 
time either substitute all (but not some only) of a Series of Subordinated Notes which are English Law 
Notes, or vary the terms of Subordinated Notes which are either English Law Notes or Italian Law 
Notes so that they remain or, as appropriate, become, Qualifying Subordinated Notes, as applicable, 
provided that such variation or (for the English Law Notes only) substitution does not itself give rise 
to any right of the Issuer to redeem the varied or (for the English Law Notes only) substituted 
securities.
Qualifying Subordinated Notes are securities issued by the relevant Issuer that, other than in respect 
of the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 18 (Statutory Loss Absorption Powers) of the 
Terms and Conditions for the English Law Notes and Condition 16 (Statutory Loss Absorption 
Powers) of the Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes, have terms not materially less 
favourable to the Noteholders (as reasonably determined by the Issuer) than the terms of the relevant 
Subordinated Notes. However, no assurance can be given as to whether any of these changes 
(including, without limitation, any changes to governing law and/or jurisdiction) will negatively affect 
any particular Noteholder. In addition, the tax and stamp duty consequences of holding such 
substituted or varied (for either English Law Notes or Italian Law Notes) notes could be different for 
some categories of Noteholders from the tax and stamp duty consequences for them of holding the 
notes prior to such substitution or variation (for either English Law Notes or Italian Law Notes).
The interest rate on Reset Notes will reset on each Reset Date, which can be expected to affect the 
interest payment on an investment in Reset Notes and could affect the market value of the Reset 
Notes
Reset Notes will initially bear interest at the Initial Rate of Interest from and including the Interest 
Commencement Date up to but excluding the First Reset Date. On the First Reset Date, the Second 
Reset Date (if applicable) and each Subsequent Reset Date (if any) thereafter, the interest rate will be 
reset to the sum of the applicable Mid-Swap Rate and the First Margin or Subsequent Margin (as 
applicable) as determined by the Calculation Agent on the relevant Reset Determination Date (each 
such interest rate, a Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest). The Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest for 
any Reset Period could be less than the Initial Rate of Interest or the Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest 
for prior Reset Periods and could affect the market value of an investment in the Reset Notes.

--- Page 43 ---
43
Risks applicable to certain types of Exempt Notes
There are particular risks associated with an investment in certain types of Exempt Notes, such as 
Index Linked Notes and Dual Currency Notes. In particular, an investor might receive less interest 
than expected or no interest in respect of such Notes and may lose some or all of the principal amount 
invested by it.
The Issuer may issue Notes with principal or interest determined by reference to an index or formula, 
to changes in the prices of securities or commodities, to movements in currency exchange rates or 
other factors (each, a Relevant Factor). In addition, the Issuer may issue Notes with principal or 
interest payable in one or more currencies which may be different from the currency in which the 
Notes are denominated. Potential investors should be aware that:
(i)
the market price of such Notes may be volatile;
(ii)
they may receive no interest;
(iii)
payment of principal or interest may occur at a different time or in a different currency than 
expected;
(iv)
they may lose all or a substantial portion of their principal;
(v)
a Relevant Factor may be subject to significant fluctuations that may not correlate with 
changes in interest rates, currencies or other indices;
(vi)
if a Relevant Factor is applied to Notes in conjunction with a multiplier greater than one or 
contains some other leverage factor, the effect of changes in the Relevant Factor on principal 
or interest payable likely will be magnified; and
(vii)
the timing of changes in a Relevant Factor may affect the actual yield to investors, even if the 
average level is consistent with their expectations. In general, the earlier the change in the 
Relevant Factor, the greater the effect on yield.
The historical experience of an index or other Relevant Factor should not be viewed as an indication 
of the future performance of such Relevant Factor during the term of any Notes. Accordingly, each 
potential investor should consult its own financial and legal advisers about the risk entailed by an 
investment in any Notes linked to a Relevant Factor and the suitability of such Notes in light of its 
particular circumstances.
Where Notes are issued on a partly paid basis, an investor who fails to pay any subsequent instalment 
of the issue price could lose all of his investment.
The Issuer may issue Notes where the issue price is payable in more than one instalment. Any failure 
by an investor to pay any subsequent instalment of the issue price in respect of his Notes could result 
in such investor losing all of his investment.
Notes which are issued with variable interest rates or which are structured to include a multiplier or 
other leverage factor are likely to have more volatile market values than more standard securities.
Notes with variable interest rates can be volatile investments. If they are structured to include 
multipliers or other leverage factors, or caps or floors, or any combination of those features or other 
similar related features, their market values may be even more volatile than those for securities that do 
not include those features.

--- Page 44 ---
44
Risks related to Notes generally
Set out below is a description of material risks relating to the Notes generally:
The conditions of the Notes contain provisions which may permit their modification without the 
consent of all investors and confer significant discretions on the Trustee, in the case of English 
Law Notes, which may be exercised without the consent of the Noteholders and without regard to 
the individual interests of particular Noteholders.
The conditions of the Notes contain provisions for calling meetings of Noteholders to consider and 
vote upon matters affecting their interests generally, or to pass resolutions in writing through the use 
of electronic consents. These provisions permit defined majorities to bind all Noteholders including 
Noteholders who did not attend and vote at the relevant meeting or, as the case may be, did not sign 
the written resolution or give their consent electronically, and including those Noteholders who voted 
in a manner contrary to the majority.
The conditions of the Notes also provide that the Trustee, in the case of English Law Notes, may, 
without the consent of Noteholders and without regard to the interests of particular Noteholders, agree 
to (i) any modification of, or to the waiver or authorisation of any breach or proposed breach of, any 
of the provisions of the Notes or (ii) determine without the consent of the Noteholders that any Event 
of Default or potential Event of Default shall not be treated as such or (iii) the substitution of another 
company as principal debtor under any Notes in place of the Issuer, in the circumstances described in 
Condition 13 (Meetings of Noteholders, Modification, Waiver and Substitution) of the Terms and 
Conditions for the English Law Notes and Condition 13 (Meetings of Noteholders, Modification and
Waiver) of the Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes .
The value of the Notes could be adversely affected by a change in English law or administrative 
practice.
Except for Condition 2.2, Condition 2.3 and Condition 18, the Terms and Conditions for the English 
Law Notes of the Notes are based on English law in effect as at the date of this Base Prospectus.
The Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes are based on Italian law in effect as at the date of 
this Base Prospectus.
No assurance can be given as to the impact of any possible judicial decision or change to English law 
or administrative practice after the date of this Base Prospectus and any such change could materially 
adversely impact the value of any Notes affected by it.
Investors who hold less than the minimum Specified Denomination may be unable to sell their 
Notes and may be adversely affected if definitive Notes are subsequently required to be issued.
In relation to any issue of Notes issued in denominations representing the aggregate of (i) a minimum 
Specified Denomination of €100,000 (or €250,000 in the case of Non-Preferred Senior Notes), plus 
(ii) integral multiples of another smaller amount, Notes may be traded in amounts which, although 
greater than €100,000 (or €250,000 in the case of Non-Preferred Senior Notes) (or its equivalent in 
another currency), are not integral multiples of €100,000 (or €250,000 in the case of Non-Preferred 
Senior Notes) (or its equivalent) plus one or more higher integral multiples of another smaller amount.
In such a case a holder who, as a result of trading such amounts, holds an amount which is less than 
the minimum Specified Denomination in his account with the relevant clearing system would not be 
able to sell the remainder of such holding without first purchasing a principal amount of Notes at or in 
excess of the minimum Specified Denomination such that its holding amounts to a Specified 
Denomination. Further, a holder who, as a result of trading such amounts, holds an amount which is 
less than the minimum Specified Denomination in his account with the relevant clearing system at the

--- Page 45 ---
45
relevant time may not receive a definitive Note in respect of such holding (should definitive Notes be 
printed) and would need to purchase a principal amount of Notes at or in excess of the minimum 
Specified Denomination such that its holding amounts to a Specified Denomination.
If such Notes in definitive form are issued, holders should be aware that definitive Notes which have a 
denomination that is not an integral multiple of the minimum Specified Denomination may be illiquid 
and difficult to trade.
In respect of any Notes issued with a specific use of proceeds, such as a ‘Green Bond’ or ‘Social
Bond’ or ‘Sustainability Bond’, there can be no assurance that such use of proceeds will be 
suitable for the investment criteria of an investor
If so specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer may issue Notes under the Programme described 
as "green bonds" (Green Bonds), "social bonds" (Social Bonds) and/or "sustainability bonds" 
(Sustainability Bonds) in accordance with the principles set out by the International Capital Market 
Association (ICMA) (respectively, the Green Bond Principles (GBP), the Social Bond Principles 
(SBP) and the Sustainability Bond Guidelines (SBG)) for the purposes of financing and/or 
refinancing, in whole or in part, respectively Eligible Green Projects, Eligible Social Projects and/or 
Eligible Sustainable Projects (each of such terms as defined in the "Use of Proceeds" section).
In such a case, prospective investors should have regard to the information in the applicable Final 
Terms regarding such use of proceeds and must determine for themselves the relevance of such 
information for the purpose of any investment in such Notes together with any other investigation 
such investors deem necessary, and must assess the suitability of that investment in light of their own 
circumstances. In particular no assurance is given by the Issuer or the Dealers that the use of such 
proceeds for the funding of any Eligible Green Project, Eligible Social Project or Eligible Sustainable 
Project, as the case may be, will satisfy, whether in whole or in part, any present or future investor 
expectations or requirements as regards any investment criteria or guidelines with which such investor 
or its investments are required to comply, whether by any present or future applicable law or 
regulations (including, amongst others, Regulation (EU) 2020/852 on the establishment of a 
framework to facilitate sustainable investment (the EU Taxonomy Regulation) and the Sustainable 
Finance Taxonomy Regulation Delegated Acts for climate change adaptation and mitigation 
objectives (the EU Taxonomy Regulation Delegated Acts) approved in principle by the EU 
Commission on 21 April 2021 and formally adopted on 4 June 2021 for scrutiny by the co-legislators 
(the EU Taxonomy Regulation and the EU Taxonomy Regulation Delegated Acts, jointly, the EU 
Taxonomy Framework) or by its own by-laws or other governing rules or investment portfolio 
mandates (in particular with regard to any direct or indirect environmental, sustainability or social 
impact of any projects or uses, the subject of or related to, the relevant Eligible Green Projects, 
Eligible Social Projects or Eligible Sustainable Projects). With respect to the remaining environmental 
objectives, a second delegated act is expected to be published in 2022. On 6 July 2021 the European 
Commission adopted the delegated act supplementing Article 8 of the EU Taxonomy Regulation for 
scrutiny by co-legislators. This delegated act specifies the content, methodology and presentation of 
information to be disclosed by financial and non-financial undertakings concerning the proportion of 
environmentally sustainable economic activities in their business, investments or lending activities.
On 18 June 2019, the Commission Technical Expert Group on sustainable finance published its final 
report on a future European standard for green bonds (the “EU Green Bond Standard”). In the 
context of the public consultation on the renewed sustainable finance strategy, the European 
Commission launched a targeted consultation on the establishment of an EU Green Bond Standard, 
that builds and consults on the work of the Commission Technical Expert Group, and has run between 
12 June and 2 October 2020. On 19 October 2020, the European Commission published the 
Commission Work Programme 2021, in which expressed the intention to deliver a legislative proposal 
by the end of the second quarter of 2021. On 6 July 2021, the European Commission officially

--- Page 46 ---
46
adopted a legislative proposal for a EU Green Bond Standard setting out four main requirements: (i) 
allocation of the funds raised by the green bond should be made in compliance with the EU 
Taxonomy (as defined below); (ii) full transparency on the allocation of the green bond proceeds; (iii) 
monitoring and compliance activities to be carried out by an external reviewer; and (iv) registration of 
external reviewers with the ESMA and subject to its supervision.
Furthermore, it should be noted that there is currently no clearly established definition (legal, 
regulatory or otherwise) of, nor market consensus as to what constitutes or may be classified as, a 
"green", "social" or "sustainable" or equivalently-labelled project or as to what precise attributes are 
required for a particular project to be defined as "green" or "social" or "sustainable" or such other 
equivalent label. The EU Taxonomy Framework is nevertheless subject to further developments. Even 
if a definition or market consensus as to what constitutes, a “green” or “sustainable” or an 
equivalently-labelled project or as to what precise attributes are required for a particular project to be 
defined as “green” or “sustainable” or such other equivalent label, should develop or be established, 
no assurance is or can be given to investors that any projects or uses the subject of, or related to, any 
Eligible Green Projects, Eligible Social Projects or Eligible Sustainable Projects will meet any or all 
investor expectations regarding such "green", "social" or "sustainable" or other equivalently-labelled 
performance objectives (including those set out under the EU Taxonomy Framework) or that any 
adverse green, social, sustainable and/or other impacts will not occur during the implementation of 
any projects or uses the subject of, or related to, any Eligible Green Projects, Eligible Social Projects 
and/or Eligible Sustainable Projects, as the case may be, towards which proceeds of the Notes are to 
be applied. Moreover, in light of the continuing development of legal, regulatory and market 
conventions in the green, sustainable and positive social impact markets, there is a risk that the legal 
frameworks and/or definitions may (or may not) be modified to adapt any update that may be made to 
the GBP and/or the SBP and/or the SBG and/or the EU Taxonomy Framework. Any such changes 
could have an adverse effect on the liquidity and value of and return on any such Green Bond, Social 
Bond or Sustainability Bond. 
No assurance or representation is given as to the suitability or reliability for any purpose whatsoever 
of any opinion or certification of any third party (whether or not solicited by the Issuer) which may or 
may not be made available in connection with the issue of any Green Bond, Social Bond or 
Sustainability Bond and in particular with any Eligible Green Projects, Eligible Social Projects or 
Eligible Sustainable Projects to fulfil any environmental, sustainability, social and/or other criteria. 
For the avoidance of doubt, any such opinion or certification is not, nor shall be deemed to be, 
incorporated in and/or form part of this Base Prospectus. Any such opinion or certification is not, nor 
should be deemed to be, a recommendation by the Issuer, the Dealers or any other person to buy, sell 
or hold any such Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds. Any such opinion or 
certification is only current as of the date that opinion was initially issued. Prospective investors must 
determine for themselves the relevance of any such opinion or certification and/or the information 
contained therein and/or the provider of such opinion or certification for the purpose of any 
investment in such Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds. Currently, the providers of 
such opinions and certifications are not subject to any specific regulatory or other regime or oversight.
In the event that any such Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds are listed or admitted to 
trading on any dedicated "green", "social", "sustainable" or other equivalently-labelled segment of any 
stock exchange or securities market (whether or not regulated), no representation or assurance is given 
by the Issuer, the Dealers or any other person that such listing or admission satisfies, whether in whole 
or in part, any present or future investor expectations or requirements as regards any investment 
criteria or guidelines with which such investor or its investments are required to comply, whether by 
any present or future applicable law or regulations or by its own by-laws or other governing rules or 
investment portfolio mandates, in particular with regard to any direct or indirect environmental, 
sustainability or social impact of any projects or uses, the subject of or related to, any Eligible Green 
Projects, Eligible Social Projects or Eligible Sustainable Projects (as the case may be). Furthermore, it

--- Page 47 ---
47
should be noted that the criteria for any such listings or admission to trading may vary from one stock 
exchange or securities market to another. Nor is any representation or assurance given or made by the 
Issuer, the Dealers or any other person that any such listing or admission to trading will be obtained in 
respect of any such Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds or, if obtained, that any such 
listing or admission to trading will be maintained during the life of the Green Bonds, Social Bonds or 
Sustainability Bonds (as the case may be).
While it is the intention of the Issuer to apply an amount equivalent to the proceeds of any Green 
Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds in, or substantially in, the manner described in the 
applicable Final Terms, there can be no assurance that the relevant project(s) or use(s) the subject of, 
or related to, any Eligible Green Projects, Eligible Social Projects or Eligible Sustainable Projects
(either resulting from the original application of the proceeds of the Notes or a subsequent reallocation 
of such proceeds), as the case may be, will be capable of being implemented in or substantially in 
such manner and/or in accordance with any timing schedule and that accordingly the proceeds of the 
relevant Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds will be totally or partially disbursed for 
the specified Eligible Green Projects, Eligible Social Projects or Eligible Sustainable Projects. Nor 
can there be any assurance that (i) such Eligible Green Projects, Eligible Social Projects or Eligible 
Sustainable Projects will be completed within any specified period or at all, (ii) with the results or 
outcome as originally expected or anticipated by the Issuer or (iii) the originally designated green 
project or social project or sustainable project (or any project(s) resulting from any subsequent 
reallocation of some or all of the proceeds of the relevant Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability 
Bonds) will not be the potentially or actual disqualified as such.
Any such event or failure by the Issuer (including to comply with its reporting obligations in relation 
to Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds), any actual or potential maturity mismatch 
between the green, social or sustainable asset(s) towards which proceeds of the Notes may have been 
applied and the relevant Notes or if any other risk(s) set out or contemplated by this risk factor with
respect to Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds are realised, such occurrence will not, 
with respect to any Notes (including for the avoidance of doubt, any Senior Notes, Non-Preferred 
Senior Notes and Subordinated Notes), (i) give rise to any claim of a Noteholder against the Issuer; 
(ii) constitute an Event of Default under the Notes; (iii) lead to an obligation of the Issuer to redeem 
such Notes or be a relevant factor for the Issuer in determining whether or not to exercise any optional 
redemption rights in respect of any Notes; (iv) affect the qualification of such Notes as Senior Notes, 
Non-Preferred Senior Notes, Subordinated Notes, or as eligible liabilities instruments or impact any of 
the features of such Notes, including (without limitation, as applicable) features relating to ranking, 
permanence, loss absorption and/or flexibility of payments (as applicable); or (v) prevent the 
applicability of the General Bail-In Tool (or any other provision of the Regulatory Capital 
Requirements). Neither the proceeds of any Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds nor 
any amount equal to such proceeds or asset financed with such proceeds will be segregated by the 
Issuer from its capital and other assets. For the avoidance of doubt, payments of principal and interest 
and the operation of any other features (as the case may be) on the relevant Green Bonds, Social 
Bonds or Sustainability Bonds shall not depend on the performance of the relevant Eligible Green 
Project, Eligible Social Project or Eligible Sustainable Project (as the case may be) nor have any 
preferred or any other right against the green, social or sustainable assets towards which proceeds of 
the relevant Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds are to be applied. 
Any such event or failure to apply the proceeds of any issue of Green Bonds, Social Bonds or 
Sustainability Bonds for any Eligible Green Projects, Eligible Social Projects or Eligible Sustainable 
Projects as aforesaid and/or withdrawal of any such opinion or certification or any such opinion or 
certification attesting that the Issuer is not complying in whole or in part with any matters for which 
such opinion or certification is opining or certifying on and/or any such Green Bonds, Social Bonds or 
Sustainability Bonds no longer being listed or admitted to trading on any stock exchange or securities 
market as aforesaid may have a material adverse effect on the value of such Green Bonds, Social

--- Page 48 ---
48
Bonds or Sustainability Bonds and also potentially the value of any other Notes which are intended to 
finance Eligible Green Projects, Eligible Social Projects or Eligible Sustainable Projects and/or result 
in adverse consequences for certain investors with portfolio mandates to invest in securities to be used 
for a particular purpose.
In addition, Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds may also qualify as own funds or 
eligible liabilities. The fact that Notes which qualify as own funds or eligible liabilities (which may 
include, for the avoidance of doubt, Senior Notes, Non-Preferred Senior Notes, and Subordinated 
Notes) are also Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds shall not impact (i) any of the 
features of such Notes, including (without limitation, as applicable) features relating to ranking, 
permanence, loss absorption and/or flexibility of payments or enhance the performace of the relevant 
Notes in any way, (ii) the availability of the Notes (or the proceeds thereof) to absorb all losses 
(whether or not related to any green, social or sustainable assets towards which proceeds of the 
relevant Notes may have been applied or, if relevant, reallocated) in accordance with their terms (if 
applicable) or the Regulatory Capital Requirements, (iii) the relevant CRR eligibility criteria 
applicable to the qualification of the relevant Notes as own funds or eligible liabilities (as appropriate) 
or applicability of the relevant BRRD requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities or (iv) the 
risks related to the qualification of such Notes as as own funds or eligible liabilities (as appropriate). 
Among the risks applicable to the Issuer’s Notes, the Issuer’s Green Bonds, Social Bonds or 
Sustainability Bonds may be subject to mandatory write-down or conversion to equity in the event a 
resolution procedure is initiated in respect of the BPS Group (including the Issuer) and, with 
respect to Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds qualifying as Tier 2 Capital, even 
before the commencement of any such procedure if certain conditions are met, in which cases the 
fact that such Notes are designated as Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds does 
not provide their holders with any priority compared to other Notes, nor is their level of 
subordination affected by such designation. 
No-gross up on withholding tax 
The Notes may be subject to withholding taxes in circumstances where the Issuer is not obliged to 
make gross up payments and this would result in holders receiving less interest than expected and 
could significantly adversely affect their return on the Notes.
Risk relating to the governing law of the Italian Law Notes 
The Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes are governed by Italian law and Condition 15
(Governing Law and Submission to Jurisdiction) of the Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law 
Notes provides that contractual and non-contractual obligations arising out or in connection with them 
are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, Italian Law, pursuant to EU and Italian 
private international law provisions as applicable from time to time. Article 59 of Law No. 218 of 31 
May 1995 (the Italian Private International Law) provides that “other debt securities” (titoli di 
credito) are governed by the law of the State in which the security was issued”. The Temporary 
Global Notes or the Permanent Global Notes, whether issued in CGN or NGN form, as the case may 
be, representing the Italian Law Notes are signed by the Issuer in the United Kingdom and are, 
thereafter, delivered to Citibank, N.A., London Branch and Banque Internationale à Luxembourg, 
société anonyme as initial Fiscal Agent and Paying Agent, being the entity in charge of, inter alia, 
completing, authenticating and delivering the Temporary Global Note and Permanent Global Notes 
and (if required) authenticating and delivering Definitive Notes.
The Issuer cannot foresee the effect of any potential misalignment between the laws applicable to the 
Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes and the laws applicable to their transfer and 
circulation for any prospective investors in the Italian Law Notes and any disputes which may arise in 
relation to, inter alia, the transfer of ownership in the Italian Law Notes on the basis of the above-
mentioned provisions of Italian Private International Law and the relevant applicable European

--- Page 49 ---
49
legislation.
The regulation and reform of “benchmarks” may adversely affect the value of Floating Rate Notes 
or Reset Notes linked to or referencing such “benchmarks”
The Euro Interbank Offered Rate (EURIBOR) and other indices which are deemed to be 
“benchmarks” are the subject of recent national and international regulatory guidance and proposals 
for reform. Some of these reforms are already effective whilst others are still to be implemented. 
These reforms may cause such benchmarks to perform differently than in the past, to disappear 
entirely, or have other consequences which cannot be predicted. Any such consequence could have a 
material adverse effect on any Notes referencing such a benchmark, such as Floating Rate Notes and 
Reset Notes.
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (the EU Benchmarks Regulation) applies, subject to certain transitional 
provisions, to the provision of "benchmarks", the contribution of input data to a "benchmark" and the 
use of a "benchmark" within the EU and it, among other things, (i) requires benchmark administrators 
to be authorised or registered (or, if non-EU-based, to be subject to an equivalent regime or otherwise 
recognised or endorsed) and (ii) prevent certain uses by EU supervised entities (such as the Issuer) of 
"benchmarks" of administrators that are not authorised or registered (or, if non-EU based, not deemed 
equivalent or recognised or endorsed). Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the EUWA (the UK Benchmarks Regulation) among other things, applies to the provision 
of benchmarks and the use of a benchmark in the UK. Similarly, it prohibits the use in the UK by UK 
supervised entities of benchmarks of administrators that are not authorised by the FCA or registered 
on the FCA register (or, if non-UK based, not deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed).
The scope of the EU Benchmarks Regulation and the UK Benchmarks Regulation is wide and, in 
addition to so-called "critical benchmark" indices such as EURIBOR, could also potentially apply to 
many other interest rate indices, as well as equity, commodity and foreign exchange rate indices and 
other indices (including "proprietary" indices or strategies) which are referenced in listed financial 
instruments (including listed Notes), financial contracts and investment funds.
The EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable, could have a 
material impact on any Notes linked to or referencing a rate or index deemed to be a benchmark, 
including any Floating Rate Notes linked to or referencing  EURIBOR or any Reset Notes referencing 
the relevant swap rate for swap transactions in the Specified Currency (as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms with respect to the relevant Reset Notes), in particular, if the methodology or other terms 
of the benchmark are changed in order to comply with the requirements of the EU Benchmarks 
Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable. Such changes could, among other 
things, have the effect of reducing, increasing or otherwise affecting the volatility of the published 
rate or level of the relevant benchmark.
Key international reforms of "benchmarks" also include IOSCO's proposed Principles for Financial 
Market Benchmarks (July 2013) (the IOSCO Benchmark Principles).
The IOSCO Benchmark Principles aim to create an overarching framework of principles for 
benchmarks to be used in financial markets, specifically covering governance and accountability, as 
well as the quality and transparency of benchmark design and methodologies. A review published in 
February 2015 on the status of the voluntary market adoption of the IOSCO Benchmark Principles 
noted that, as the benchmarks industry is in a state of change, further steps may need to be taken by 
IOSCO in the future, but that it is too early to determine what those steps should be. The review noted 
that there has been a significant market reaction to the publication of the IOSCO Benchmark 
Principles, and widespread efforts being made to implement the IOSCO Benchmark Principles by the 
majority of administrators surveyed.

--- Page 50 ---
50
More broadly, any of the international or national reforms, or the general increased regulatory 
scrutiny of benchmarks, could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating 
in the setting of a benchmark and complying with any such regulations or requirements. Such factors 
may have (without limitation) the following effects on certain benchmarks: (i) discouraging market 
participants from continuing to administer or participate in certain "benchmarks", (ii) triggering 
changes in the rules or methodologies used in certain "benchmarks", and/or (iii) leading to the 
discontinuance, unavailability or disappearance of certain "benchmarks".
Separately, the euro risk free-rate working group for the euro area has also published a set of guiding 
principles and high level recommendations for fallback provisions in, amongst other things, new euro 
denominated cash products (including bonds) referencing EURIBOR. The guiding principles indicate, 
among other things, that continuing to reference EURIBOR in relevant contracts (without robust 
fallback provisions) may increase the risk to the euro area financial system. On 11 May 2021, the euro 
risk-free rate working group published its recommendations on EURIBOR fallback trigger events and 
fallback rates. 
Furthermore, in order to address systemic risk, on 2 February 2021 the Council of the European 
Union approved the final text of the Regulation (EU) 2021/168 amending the Regulation (EU) 
2016/1011 as regards the exemption of certain third-country spot foreign exchange benchmarks and 
the designation of replacements for certain benchmarks in cessation, and amending Regulation (EU) 
No 648/2012. The new framework delegates the Commission to designate a replacement for 
benchmarks qualified as critical under the Regulation 2016/2011, where the cessation or wind-down 
of such a benchmark might significantly disrupt the functioning of financial markets within the 
European Union. In particular, the designation of a replacement for a benchmark should apply to any 
contract and any financial instrument as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU that is subject to the law of 
a Member State. In addition, with respect to supervised entities, Regulation (EU) 2021/168 extends 
the transitional period for the use of third-country benchmarks until 2023 and the Commission may 
further extend this period until 2025 by a delegated act to be passed before 15 July 2023. On 10 
February 2021 the Council of the European Union adopted the Regulation (EU) 2021/168 that was 
published in the Official Journal on 12 February 2021 and entered into force on the following day. 
Such factors may have (without limitation) the following effects on certain benchmarks: (i) 
discouraging market participants from continuing to administer or contribute to a benchmark, (ii) 
triggering changes in the rules or methodologies used in the benchmarks, and/or (iii) leading to the 
disappearance of the benchmark. 
Any of the above changes or any other consequential changes as a result of international or national 
reforms or other initiatives or investigations, could have a material adverse effect on the value of and 
return on any such Notes linked to, referencing, or otherwise dependent (in whole or in part) upon, a 
benchmark. 
Investors should be aware that, if EURIBOR were discontinued or otherwise unavailable, the rate of 
interest on Floating Rate Notes or Reset Notes which reference such EURIBOR will be determined 
for the relevant period by the fall-back provisions applicable to such Notes. Depending on the manner 
in which the relevant EURIBOR rate is to be determined under the Terms and Conditions for the 
English Law Notes” or under the Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes, this may (i) if 
ISDA Determination applies, be reliant upon the provision by reference banks of offered quotations 
for the relevant EURIBOR rate which, depending on market circumstances, may not be available at 
the relevant time or (ii) if Screen Rate Determination applies, result in the effective application of a 
fixed rate based on the rate which applied in the previous period when the relevant EURIBOR was 
available. Any of the foregoing could have an adverse effect on the value or liquidity of, and return 
on, any Floating Rate Notes or Reset Notes which reference the relevant EURIBOR.
The “Terms and Conditions for the English Law Notes” and the “Terms and Conditions for the Italian

--- Page 51 ---
51
Law Notes” provide for certain fallback arrangements in the event that a published benchmark 
(including any page on which such benchmark may be published (or any successor service)) becomes 
unavailable, including the possibility that the rate of interest could be set by reference to a Successor 
Rate or an Alternative Rate determined by an Independent Adviser in consultation with the Issuer or 
failing that, by the Issuer, and that such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate may be adjusted (if 
required) in order to reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable in the circumstances, 
any economic prejudice or benefit (as applicable) to investors arising out of the replacement of the 
relevant benchmark. In certain circumstances the ultimate fallback of interest for a particular Interest 
Period or Reset Period (as applicable) may result in the rate of interest for the last preceding Interest 
Period or Reset Period (as applicable) being used. This may result in the effective application of a 
fixed rate for Floating Rate Notes or Reset Notes (as applicable) based on the rate which was last 
observed on the Relevant Screen Page. In addition, due to the uncertainty concerning the availability 
of Successor Rates and Alternative Rates and the involvement of an Independent Adviser, the relevant 
fallback provisions may not operate as intended at the relevant time. If the Independent Adviser or, as 
applicable, the Issuer determines that amendments to the “Terms and Conditions for the English Law 
Notes” or the “Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes”, as the case may be, the Trust Deed 
and the Agency Agreement for the English Law Notes and the Agency Agreement for the Italian Law 
Notes are necessary to ensure the proper operation of any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and/or 
Adjustment Spread or to comply with any applicable regulation or guidelines on the use of 
benchmarks or other related document issued by the competent regulatory authority, then such 
amendments shall be made without any requirement for the consent or approval of Noteholders, as 
provided by Condition 3.4 (Benchmark Discontinuation) of the Terms and Conditions for the English 
Law Notes and Condition 3.4 (Benchmark Discontinuation) of the Terms and Conditions for the 
Italian Law Notes.
Any such consequences could have an adverse effect on the value of and return on any such Notes. 
Moreover, any of the above matters or any other significant change to the setting or existence of any 
relevant reference rate could affect the ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations under the Floating 
Rate Notes or Reset Notes or could have a material adverse effect on the value or liquidity of, and the 
amount payable under, the Floating Rate Notes or Reset Notes. Investors should consider these 
matters with their own independent advisers when making their investment decision with respect to
any Floating Rate Notes or Reset Notes linked to or referencing a benchmark.
Risks related to the market generally
Set out below is a description of material market risks, including liquidity risk, exchange rate risk, 
interest rate risk and credit risk:
An active secondary market in respect of the Notes may never be established or may be illiquid and 
this would adversely affect the value at which an investor could sell his Notes.
Notes may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop. If a market 
for the Notes does develop, it may not be very liquid and may be sensitive to changes in financial 
markets. Therefore, investors may not be able to sell their Notes easily or at prices that will provide 
them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed secondary market. This is 
particularly the case should the Issuer be in financial distress, which may result in any sale of the 
Notes having to be at a substantial discount to their principal amount or for Notes that are especially 
sensitive to interest rate, currency or market risks, are designed for specific investment objectives or 
strategies or have been structured to meet the investment requirements of limited categories of 
investors. These types of Notes generally would have a more limited secondary market and more 
price volatility than conventional debt securities.
If an investor holds Notes which are not denominated in the investor's home currency, he will be 
exposed to movements in exchange rates adversely affecting the value of his holding. In addition,

--- Page 52 ---
52
the imposition of exchange controls in relation to any Notes could result in an investor not 
receiving payments on those Notes.
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes in the Specified Currency. This presents certain 
risks relating to currency conversions if an investor's financial activities are denominated principally 
in a currency or currency unit (the Investor's Currency) other than the Specified Currency. These 
include the risk that exchange rates may significantly change (including changes due to devaluation of 
the Specified Currency or revaluation of the Investor's Currency) and the risk that authorities with 
jurisdiction over the Investor's Currency may impose or modify exchange controls. An appreciation in 
the value of the Investor's Currency relative to the Specified Currency would decrease (1) the 
Investor's Currency-equivalent yield on the Notes, (2) the Investor's Currency equivalent value of the 
principal payable on the Notes and (3) the Investor's Currency equivalent market value of the Notes.
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls 
that could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate or the ability of the Issuer to make payments in 
respect of the Notes. As a result, investors may receive less interest or principal than expected, or no 
interest or principal.
The value of Fixed Rate Notes may be adversely affected by movements in market interest rates.
Investment in Fixed Rate Notes involves the risk that if market interest rates subsequently increase 
above the rate paid on the Fixed Rate Notes, this will adversely affect the value of the Fixed Rate 
Notes.
Credit ratings assigned to the Issuer or any Notes may not reflect all the risks associated with an 
investment in those Notes.
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to Issuer or the Notes. The 
ratings may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market, additional factors 
discussed above, and other factors that may affect the value of the Notes. The expected ratings of the 
Notes are set out in the relevant Final Terms for each Tranche of Notes. Whether or not a rating in 
relation to any Notes will be treated as having been issued or endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established in the European Union or in the UK and registered under the CRA Regulation will be 
disclosed in the relevant Final Terms. 
Any rating agency may lower its rating or withdraw its rating if, in the sole judgment of the rating 
agency, the credit quality of the Notes has declined or is in question. If any rating assigned to the 
Notes is suspended, lowered or withdrawn for any reason, no person or entity is obliged to provide 
any additional support or credit enhancement with respect to the Notes. As a result, the market value 
of the Notes may reduce. 
Any ratings may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market, additional 
factors discussed above, and other factors that may affect the value of the Notes. A credit rating is not 
a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be revised, suspended or withdrawn by the 
rating agency at any time. 
In general, European regulated investors are restricted under the CRA Regulation from using credit 
ratings for regulatory purposes in the EEA, unless such ratings are issued by a credit rating agency 
established in the EEA and registered under the CRA Regulation (and such registration has not been 
withdrawn or suspended, subject to transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances). Such 
general restriction will also apply in the case of credit ratings issued by third country non-EEA credit 
rating agencies, unless the relevant credit ratings are endorsed by an EEA-registered credit rating 
agency or the relevant third country registered rating agency is certified in accordance with the CRA 
Regulation (and such endorsement action or certification, as the case may be, has not been withdrawn

--- Page 53 ---
53
or suspended, subject to transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances). 
The list of registered and certified rating agencies published by the European Securities and Markets 
Authority (ESMA) on its website in accordance with the CRA Regulation is not conclusive evidence
of the status of the relevant rating agency included in such list, as there may be delays between certain 
supervisory measures being taken against a relevant rating agency and the publication of the updated 
ESMA list. 
Investors regulated in the UK are subject to similar restrictions under the UK CRA Regulation. As 
such, UK regulated investors are required to use for UK regulatory purposes ratings issued by a credit 
rating agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation. In the case of 
ratings issued by third country non-UK credit rating agencies, third country credit ratings can either 
be: (a) endorsed by a UK registered credit rating agency; or (b) issued by a third country credit rating 
agency that is certified in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation. Note this is subject, in each case, 
to (a) the relevant UK registration, certification or endorsement, as the case may be, not having been 
withdrawn or suspended, and (b) transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances. In the 
case of third country ratings, for a certain limited period of time, transitional relief accommodates 
continued use for regulatory purposes in the UK, of existing pre-2021 ratings, provided the relevant 
conditions are satisfied.
If the status of the rating agency rating the Notes changes for the purposes of the CRA Regulation or 
the UK CRA Regulation, relevant regulated investors may no longer be able to use the rating for 
regulatory purposes in the EEA or the UK, as applicable, and the Notes may have a different 
regulatory treatment, which may impact the value of the Notes and their liquidity in the secondary 
market. Certain information with respect to the credit rating agencies and ratings is set out on the 
cover of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 54 ---
54
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE
The following documents which have previously been published shall be incorporated by reference in, 
and form part of, this Base Prospectus:
(a)
the English translation of the audited consolidated financial statements for the financial year 
ended on 31 December 2020 of the Issuer including the information set out at the following 
pages in particular:
Consolidated Balance Sheet
Pages
418-419
Consolidated Income Statement
Page
420
Consolidated Statement of Other Comprehensive 
Income
Page
421
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
Pages
422-423
Consolidated Cash Flow Statement
Pages
424-425
Notes to the Financial Statements
Pages
427-598
Report on the Audit of the Consolidated Financial 
Statements
Pages
602-608 of 
6181
The
document 
is 
available 
at 
the 
following 
link: 
https://istituzionale.popso.it/sites/default/files/documents/Bil.%20Definitivo%20BPS%20-
%20Es.%202020%20ING%20WEB.pdf
(b)
the English translation of the audited consolidated financial statements for the financial year 
ended on 31 December 2019 of the Issuer including the information set out at the following 
pages in particular:
Consolidated Balance Sheet
Pages 392 - 393
Consolidated Income Statement
Page 394
Consolidated Statement of Other Comprehensive Income
Page 395
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
Pages 396 - 397
Consolidated Cash Flow Statement
Pages 398 - 399
Notes to the Financial Statements
Pages 401 - 569
Report on the Audit of the Consolidated Financial 
Statements
Pages 573 – 577 of
5932
The
document 
is 
available 
at 
the 
following 
link:
https://istituzionale.popso.it/sites/default/files/documents/Bil._Definitivo_BPS___Es._2019_I
NG_WEB_searchable.pdf
1 Please note that these pages refer to the PDF pages of the document.
2 Please note that these pages refer to the PDF pages of the document.

--- Page 55 ---
55
(c)
the English translation of the unaudited condensed consolidated interim financial statements
as at and for the six months ended on 30 June 2021 of the Issuer including the information set
out at the following pages in particular:
Information on Operations
Pages 11-53
Consolidated Balance Sheet
Pages 56-57
Consolidated Income Statement
Page 58
Consolidated Statement of Other Comprehensive Income
Page 59
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
Pages 60-61
Consolidated Cash Flow Statement
Pages 62-63
Notes to the Financial Statements
Pages 65-152
Report on the Review of the Condensed Consolidated 
Interim Financial Statements
Pages 154-156
Financial Statements of the Parent Company at 30 June 
2021
Pages 157-161
The
document 
is 
available 
at 
the 
following 
link:
https://istituzionale.popso.it/sites/default/files/documents/Bil.%20Semestrale%20BPS%20-
%20Es.%202021_ING%5Bfinal%5D_0.pdf
(e)
Press release “Information on the evolution of the transformation process of Banca Popolare
Sondrio into a joint-stock company based on Law 24th of March 2015, no. 33”
Entire document
The document is available at the following link:
https://istituzionale.popso.it/sites/default/files/documents/Comunicato%20stampa%201-6-
2021_eng.pdf
(f)
Press release “Banca Popolare di Sondrio: the results of the 2021 ECB/SSM stress test
confirm the Group's capital strength both in the baseline and in the adverse scenario”
Entire document
The document is available at the following link:
https://istituzionale.popso.it/sites/default/files/documents/ITL_BPSO%40IM_073021_174631
_en.pdf
(g)
Press release “Forfeiture of a Board Member”
Entire document
The document is available at the following link:
https://istituzionale.popso.it/sites/default/files/documents/comunicatostampa05.10.2021_eng.
pdf

--- Page 56 ---
56
Terms and Conditions for the English Law Notes and the Terms and Conditions for the Italian 
Law Notes set out under the Base Prospectus approved on 31 July 2020
The following table shows, inter alia, the information that can be found in the above-mentioned 
documents incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus.
Base prospectus approved on 31 July 2020
Terms and Conditions for the English Law Notes
Pages 83 - 129
Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes and Annex 1 (Provisions for 
the Meetings of Noteholders)
Pages 130 - 178
The terms and conditions set out under the base prospectus approved on 31 July 2020 are available at 
the following link:
https://istituzionale.popso.it/sites/default/files/files/EMTN_Base_Prospectus__2020_07_31%20%281
%29.pdf
The information contained in the documents that is not included in the cross-reference are either not 
relevant for the investors or covered elsewhere in the Prospectus.
Following the publication of this Base Prospectus a supplement may be prepared by the Issuer and 
approved by the CSSF in accordance with Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. Statements 
contained in any such supplement (or contained in any document incorporated by reference therein) 
shall, to the extent applicable, be deemed to modify or supersede statements contained in this Base 
Prospectus or in a document which is incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. Any
statement so modified or superseded shall not, except as so modified or superseded, constitute a part 
of this Base Prospectus.
Any websites save for those listed as documents incorporated by reference above, included in the 
Base Prospectus are for information purposes only and do not form part of the Base Prospectus, 
except where that information has been incorporated by reference into this Prospectus. Other than the 
information incorporated by reference, the content of these websites has not been scrutinised or 
approved by the competent authority.
The Issuer will, in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy
relating to information included in this Base Prospectus which is capable of affecting the assessment 
of any Notes, prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus or publish a new Base Prospectus for use 
in connection with any subsequent issue of Notes.

--- Page 57 ---
57
FORM OF THE NOTES
Any reference in this section to "Form of Final Terms" shall be deemed to include a reference to
"Applicable Pricing Supplement" where relevant.
Each Tranche of Notes will be in bearer form and will initially be issued in the form of a temporary 
global note (a Temporary Global Note) or, if so specified in the form of Final Terms, a permanent 
global note (a Permanent Global Note and, together with a Temporary Global Note, each a Global 
Note) which, in either case, will:
(a)
if the Global Notes are intended to be issued in new global note (NGN) form, as stated in the 
form of Final Terms, be delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the Tranche to a 
common safekeeper (the Common Safekeeper) for Euroclear Bank SA/NV (Euroclear) and 
Clearstream Banking S.A. (Clearstream, Luxembourg); and
(b)
if the Global Notes are not intended to be issued in NGN Form, be delivered on or prior to the 
original issue date of the Tranche to a common depositary (the Common Depositary) for
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg.
Where the Global Notes issued in respect of any Tranche are in NGN form, the form of Final Terms
will also indicate whether such Global Notes are intended to be held in a manner which would allow 
Eurosystem eligibility. Any indication that the Global Notes are to be so held does not necessarily 
mean that the Notes of the relevant Tranche will be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any times 
during their life as such recognition depends upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria.
The Common Safekeeper for NGNs will either be Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or another 
entity approved by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg.
Whilst any Note is represented by a Temporary Global Note, payments of principal, interest (if any) 
and any other amount payable in respect of the Notes due prior to the Exchange Date (as defined 
below) will be made (against presentation of the Temporary Global Note if the Temporary Global 
Note is not intended to be issued in NGN form) only to the extent that certification (in a form to be 
provided) to the effect that the beneficial owners of interests in the Temporary Global Note are not 
U.S. persons or persons who have purchased for resale to any U.S. person, as required by U.S. 
Treasury regulations, has been received by Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable, has given a like certification (based on the 
certifications it has received) to the Principal Paying Agent.
On and after the date (the Exchange Date) which is 40 days after a Temporary Global Note is issued, 
interests in such Temporary Global Note will be exchangeable (free of charge) upon a request as 
described therein either for (i) interests in a Permanent Global Note of the same Series or (ii) for 
definitive Notes of the same Series with, where applicable, receipts, interest coupons and talons 
attached (as indicated in the form of Final Terms), in each case against certification of beneficial 
ownership as described above unless such certification has already been given. The holder of a 
Temporary Global Note will not be entitled to collect any payment of interest, principal or other 
amount due on or after the Exchange Date unless, upon due certification, exchange of the Temporary 
Global Note for an interest in a Permanent Global Note or for definitive Notes is improperly withheld 
or refused.
Payments of principal, interest (if any) or any other amounts on a Permanent Global Note will be 
made through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (against presentation or surrender (as the 
case may be) of the Permanent Global Note if the Permanent Global Note is not intended to be issued 
in NGN form) without any requirement for certification.

--- Page 58 ---
58
The form of Final Terms will specify that a Permanent Global Note will be exchangeable (free of 
charge), in whole but not in part, for definitive Notes with, where applicable, receipts, interest 
coupons and talons attached upon the occurrence of an Exchange Event. For these purposes, 
Exchange Event means that (i) an Event of Default (as defined in Condition 8 (Events of Default and 
Enforcement) of the Terms and Conditions for the English Law Notes and Condition 8 (Events of 
Default and Enforcement) of the Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes) has occurred and is 
continuing, (ii) the Issuer has been notified that both Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg have 
been closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of holiday, statutory 
or otherwise) or have announced an intention permanently to cease business or have in fact done so 
and no successor clearing system satisfactory to the Trustee, in the case of English Law Notes, is 
available or (iii) the Issuer has or will become subject to adverse tax consequences which would not 
be suffered were the Notes represented by the Permanent Global Note in definitive form and a 
certificate to such effect signed by two Directors of the Issuer is given to the Trustee. The Issuer will 
promptly give notice to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 12 (Notices) of the Terms and 
Conditions for the English Law Notes and Condition 12 (Notices) of the Terms and Conditions for the 
Italian Law Notes if an Exchange Event occurs. In the event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event, 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (acting on the instructions of any holder of an interest in 
such Permanent Global Note) or the Trustee, in the case of English Law Notes, may give notice to the 
Principal Paying Agent requesting exchange and, in the event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event 
as described in (iii) above, the Issuer may also give notice to the Principal Paying Agent requesting 
exchange. Any such exchange shall occur not later than 45 days after the date of receipt of the first 
relevant notice by the Principal Paying Agent.
The following legend will appear on all Notes (other than Temporary Global Notes), receipts and 
interest coupons relating to such Notes where TEFRA D is specified in the form of Final Terms:
"ANY UNITED STATES PERSON WHO HOLDS THIS OBLIGATION WILL BE SUBJECT TO 
LIMITATIONS UNDER THE UNITED STATES INCOME TAX LAWS, INCLUDING THE 
LIMITATIONS PROVIDED IN SECTIONS 165(j) AND 1287(a) OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE 
CODE."
The sections referred to provide that United States holders, with certain exceptions, will not be 
entitled to deduct any loss on Notes, receipts or interest coupons and will not be entitled to capital 
gains treatment in respect of any gain on any sale, disposition, redemption or payment of principal in 
respect of Notes, receipts or interest coupons.
Notes which are represented by a Global Note will only be transferable in accordance with the rules 
and procedures for the time being of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be.
General
Pursuant to the Agency Agreement for the English Law Notes (as defined under "

--- Page 59 ---
59
TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR THE ENGLISH LAW NOTES ") and pursuant to the Agency 
Agreement for the Italian Law Notes (as defined under "Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law 
Notes"), the Principal Paying Agent shall arrange that, where a further Tranche of Notes is issued 
which is intended to form a single Series with an existing Tranche of Notes at a point after the Issue 
Date of the further Tranche, the Notes of such further Tranche shall be assigned a common code and 
ISIN which are different from the common code and ISIN assigned to Notes of any other Tranche of 
the same Series until such time as the Tranches are consolidated and form a single Series, which shall
not be prior to the expiry of the distribution compliance period (as defined in Regulation S under the 
Securities Act) applicable to the Notes of such Tranche.
Any reference herein to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, whenever the context so
permits, be deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system specified in 
the form of Final Terms.
No Noteholder, Receiptholder or Couponholder shall be entitled to proceed directly against the Issuer 
unless the Trustee, in the case of English Law Notes, having become bound so to proceed, fails so to 
do within a reasonable period and the failure shall be continuing.

--- Page 60 ---
60
FORM OF FINAL TERMS
NOTES WITH A DENOMINATION OF €100,000 (OR ITS EQUIVALENT IN ANY OTHER 
CURRENCY) OR MORE, OTHER THAN EXEMPT NOTES
Set out below is the form of Final Terms which will be completed for each Tranche of Notes issued 
under the Programme which have a denomination of €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other 
currency) or more.
[PRIIPs Regulation / PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS - The Notes 
are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area (EEA). For these 
purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point 
(11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council on 
markets in financial instruments (as amended, MiFID II); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of 
Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the Insurance Distribution Directive), where that customer would not qualify 
as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified 
investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation. Consequently no key information document 
required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended or superseded, the PRIIPs Regulation) for 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has 
been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any 
retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.
PRIIPs Regulation / PROHIBITION OF SALES UK RETAIL INVESTORS - The Notes are not 
intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom (UK). For these purposes, a 
retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of 
Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European 
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA);  (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the 
Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended (the FSMA) and any rules or regulations made 
under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018; or (iii) not a qualified 
investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by the PRIIPs Regulation 
as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the UK PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or 
selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared 
and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in 
the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.]3
[MIFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for 
the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible 
counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, 
MiFID II)][MiFID II]; and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and 
professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market]. Any person subsequently 
offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a distributor) should take into consideration the 
manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible 
for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or 
3 Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if the Tranche of Notes potentially constitute “packaged” products and no key 
information document will be prepared or the issuer wishes to prohibit offers to EEA and UK retail investors for any other reason, in 
which case the selling restriction should be specified to be “Applicable”.

--- Page 61 ---
61
refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels.]
[UK MIFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely 
for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment 
in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only 
eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (COBS), 
and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law
by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (UK MiFIR); and (ii) all channels for 
distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider 
any negative target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a 
distributor) should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; 
however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance 
Sourcebook (the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules) is responsible for undertaking its own 
target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the 
manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.]
[NOTIFICATION UNDER SECTION 309B(1)(C) OF THE SECURITIES AND FUTURES 
ACT (CHAPTER 289) OF SINGAPORE, AS MODIFIED OR AMENDED FROM TIME TO 
TIME (the SFA) - [Insert notice if classification of the Notes is not “prescribed capital markets 
products”, pursuant to Section 309B of the SFA or “Excluded Investment Products” (as defined in 
MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: 
Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products)].]4
[Date]
BANCA POPOLARE DI SONDRIO S.C.p.A.
Legal entity identifier (LEI): J48C8PCSJVUBR8KCW529
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes]
under the €5,000,000,000
Euro Medium Term Note Programme
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the [Terms and 
Conditions for the English Law Notes] [Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes] (the 
Conditions) set forth in the Base Prospectus dated 8 October 2021 [and in any supplement to it dated 
[date] [and [date]] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus 
Regulation (the Base Prospectus). This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described 
herein for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Base 
Prospectus and any supplement thereto in order to obtain all the relevant information. The Base
Prospectus and any supplement thereto have been published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange (www.bourse.lu).]
(The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased 
was issued under a Base Prospectus with an earlier date.) 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the [Terms and 
Conditions for the English Law Notes] [Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes] (the 
“Conditions”) set forth in the prospectus dated 31 July 2020, as supplemented on 10 March 2021 and 
4
Relevant Manager(s)/Dealer(s) to consider whether it / they have received the necessary product classification from the Issuer
prior to the launch of the offer, pursuant to Section 309B of the SFA.

--- Page 62 ---
62
on 1 July 2021, which are incorporated by reference in the prospectus dated 8 October 2021. This 
document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of the Prospectus 
Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus dated 8 October 2021 and in any 
supplement to the Base Prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation (the Base 
Prospectus). The Base Prospectus has been published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange (www.bourse.lu).]
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable". Note that the numbering 
should remain as set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs or 
subparagraphs (in which case the sub-paragraphs of the paragraphs which are not applicable can be
deleted). Italics denote directions for completing the Final Terms.]
[If the Notes have a maturity of less than one year from the date of their issue, the minimum 
denomination may need to be £100,000 or its equivalent in any other currency.] 
1.
(a)
Series Number:
[    ]
(b)
Tranche Number:
[    ]
(c)
Date on which the Notes will be 
consolidated and form a single 
Series:
The Notes will be consolidated and form a single 
Series with [ Provide issue amount/ISIN/maturity 
date/issue date of earlier Tranches] on [the Issue 
Date/the date that is 40 days after the Issue 
Date/exchange of the Temporary Global Note for 
interests in the Permanent Global Note, as 
referred to in paragraph [ ] below, which is 
expected to occur on or about [date]][Not 
Applicable]
2.
Specified Currency or Currencies:
[    ]
3.
Aggregate Nominal Amount:
(a)
Series:
[    ]
(b)
Tranche:
[   ]
4.
Issue Price:
[    ] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount 
[plus accrued interest from [insert date] (if 
applicable)]
5.
(a)
Specified Denominations:
[    ]
(N.B. Senior and Subordinated Notes must have a 
minimum 
denomination 
of 
€100,000 
(or 
equivalent). In the case of Non-Preferred Senior 
Notes, Notes must have a minimum denomination 
of €250,000 (or equivalent))
(Note – where multiple denominations above 
[€100,000] or equivalent are being used the 
following sample wording should be followed:

--- Page 63 ---
63
"[€100,000] and integral multiples of [€1,000] in 
excess thereof up to and including [€199,000].
No Notes in definitive form will be issued with a 
denomination above [€199,000].") 
(Note – where multiple denominations above 
[€250,000] or equivalent are being used the 
following sample wording should be followed:
"[€250,000] and integral multiples of [€1,000] in 
excess thereof up to and including [€499,000]. 
No Notes in definitive form will be issued with a 
denomination above [€499,000].")
(b)
Calculation Amount (in relation 
to calculation of interest in 
global form see Conditions):
[    ]
(If only one Specified Denomination, insert the 
Specified Denomination.
If more than one 
Specified Denomination, insert the highest 
common factor. Note: There must be a common 
factor in the case of two or more Specified 
Denominations.)
6.
(a)
Issue Date:
[    ]
(b)
Interest Commencement Date:
[specify/Issue Date/Not Applicable]
(N.B. An Interest Commencement Date will not 
be relevant for certain Notes, for example Zero 
Coupon Notes.)
7.
Maturity Date:
Specify date or for Floating Rate Notes – Interest 
Payment Date falling in or nearest to [specify 
month and year]
(Unless otherwise permitted by current laws, 
regulations, 
directives 
and/or 
requirements 
applicable to the issue of Notes by the Issuer, 
Non-Preferred Senior Notes must have a maturity 
of not less than twelve months and Subordinated 
Notes must have a minimum maturity of five 
years).
8.
Interest Basis:
[[    ] per cent. Fixed Rate] [subject to interest 
rate step-up as specified in subparagraph 13(g) 
below][ subject to interest rate step-down as 
specified in subparagraph 13(g) below]
[[ ] per cent. to be reset on [ ] [and [ ]] and every 
[ ] anniversary thereafter]
[[[    ] month EURIBOR] +/- [    ] per cent. 
Floating Rate] [subject to interest rate step-up as 
specified in subparagraph 15(m) below][ subject 
to interest rate step-down as specified in

--- Page 64 ---
64
subparagraph 15(m) below]
[Zero coupon]
(see paragraph [13]/[14]/[15]/[16]below)
9.
Redemption[/Payment] Basis:
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Notes will be redeemed on the 
Maturity Date at [    ] per cent. of their nominal 
amount5
10.
Change of Interest Basis:
[Specify the date when any fixed to floating rate 
or vice versa change occurs or cross refer to 
paragraphs 13 and 15 below and identify there] 
[Not Applicable]
11.
Put/Call Options:
[Issuer Call] 
[Regulatory Call] 
(N.B. Only relevant in the case of Subordinated
Notes)
[Issuer Call due to MREL Disqualification 
Event]
(N.B. Only relevant in the case of Senior Notes or 
Non-Preferred Senior Notes)
[Investor Put]
(N.B. Only relevant in the case of Senior Notes or 
Non-Preferred Senior Notes)
[(see paragraph [19]/[20]/[22] below)]
[Not Applicable]
12.
(a)
Status of the Notes:
[Senior/Non-Preferred Senior/Subordinated]
(b)
[Date 
[Board] 
approval 
for 
issuance of Notes obtained:
[    ] [and [    ], respectively]]
(N.B. Only relevant where Board (or similar) 
authorisation is required for the particular 
tranche of Notes)
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE
13.
Fixed Rate Note Provisions
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph)
(a)
Rate(s) of Interest:
[    ] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on 
each Interest Payment Date
[For interest step-up/step-down Notes: [ ]% per 
annum commencing on (and including) the
Interest Commencement Date until (but not 
including) [date]
[ ]% per annum commencing on (and including) 
[date] until (but not including) [date]
5 Redemption shall occur at at least 100% of the par value

--- Page 65 ---
65
[ ]% per annum commencing on (and including) 
[date] until (but not including) the Maturity Date]]
(b)
Interest Payment Date(s):
[    ] in each year up to and including the Maturity 
Date
(Amend appropriately in the case of irregular 
coupons) 
(c)
Fixed Coupon Amount(s) for 
Notes in definitive form (and in 
relation to Notes in global form 
see Conditions):
[    ] per Calculation Amount
(d)
Broken Amount(s) for Notes in 
definitive form (and in relation to 
Notes 
in 
global 
form 
see 
Conditions):
[[    ] per Calculation Amount, payable on the 
Interest Payment Date falling [in/on] [    ]][Not 
Applicable]
(e)
Day Count Fraction:
[30/360] [Actual/Actual (ICMA)] 
(f)
Determination Date(s):
[[    ] in each year][Not Applicable]
(Only relevant where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual (ICMA). In such a case, insert 
regular interest payment dates, ignoring issue 
date or maturity date in the case of a long or 
short first or last coupon)
(g)
[Interest 
Rate 
Step-up/Step-
down:
[Applicable for further details see paragraph 
13(a) above /Not Applicable]
14.
Reset Note Provisions:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(a)
Initial Rate of Interest:
[ ] per cent. per annum payable in arrear [on each 
Interest Payment Date]
(b)
First Margin:
[+/-][ ] per cent. per annum
(c)
Subsequent Margin:
[[+/-][ ] per cent. per annum] [Not Applicable]
(d)
Interest Payment Date(s):
[ ] [and [ ]] in each year up to and including the 
Maturity Date [until and excluding [  ]]
(e)
Fixed Coupon Amount up to (but 
excluding) the First Reset Date:
[[ ] per Calculation Amount][Not Applicable]
(f)
Broken Amount(s):
[[ ] per Calculation Amount payable on the 
Interest Payment Date falling [in/on] [ ]][Not 
Applicable]
(g)
First Reset Date:
[ ]
(h)
Second Reset Date:
[ ]/[Not Applicable]
(i)
Subsequent Reset Date(s):
[ ] [and [ ]]

--- Page 66 ---
66
(j)
Relevant Screen Page:
[●]/[Not Applicable]
(k)
Mid-Swap Rate:
[Single Mid-Swap Rate/Mean Mid-Swap Rate]
(l)
Mid-Swap Maturity
[ ]
(m)
Day Count Fraction:
[Actual/Actual / Actual/Actual (ISDA)]
[Actual/365 (Fixed)]
[Actual/365 (Sterling)]
[Actual/360]
[30/360/360/360/Bond Basis]
[30E/360/Eurobond Basis]
[30E/360 (ISDA)]
[Actual/Actual ICMA]
(n)
Reset 
Reference 
Rate 
Conversion:
(o)
Original Reset Reference Rate 
Payment Basis:
(p)
Determination Dates:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
[Annual/Semi-annual/Quarterly/Monthly/Not 
Applicable]
[ ] in each year
(q)
Business Centre(s):
[ ]
(r)
Calculation Agent:
[ ]
15.
Floating Rate Note Provisions
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph)
(a)
Specified 
Period(s)/Specified 
Interest Payment Dates:
[    ] [, subject to adjustment in accordance with 
the Business Day Convention set out in (b) 
below/, not subject to adjustment, as the Business 
Day Convention in (b) below is specified to be 
Not Applicable]
(b)
Business Day Convention:
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business 
Day Convention/Modified Following Business 
Day Convention/ Preceding Business Day 
Convention][Not Applicable]
(c)
Additional Business Centre(s):
[    ]
(d)
Manner in which the Rate of 
Interest and Interest Amount is to 
be determined:
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA 
Determination]
(e)
Party responsible for calculating 
the Rate of Interest and Interest 
Amount (if not the Agent):
[    ] (the Calculation Agent)
(f)
Screen Rate Determination:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 67 ---
67
(If not applicable delete the remaining items of 
this subparagraph)

Reference Rate:
•] month [EURIBOR]

Interest 
Determination 
Date(s):
[]
(Second day on which the TARGET2 System is 
open prior to the start of each Interest Period)

Relevant Screen Page:
[ ] 
(If not Reuters EURIBOR01 ensure it is a page 
which shows a composite rate or amend the 
fallback provisions appropriately)
(g)
ISDA Determination:
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining items of 
this subparagraph)

ISDA Definitions:

Floating Rate Option:
[2006 
ISDA 
Definitions]/[2021 
ISDA 
Definitions]
(The 2021 ISDA Definitions should not be 
selected before their effective date of 4 October 
2021)
[    ]
(Ensure this is a Floating Rate Option included 
in the Floating Rate Matrix (as defined in the 
2021 ISDA Definitions))

Designated Maturity:
[    ]/[Not Applicable] 
(A Designated Maturity period is not relevant 
where the relevant Floating Rate Option is a 
risk-free rate)

Reset Date:
[    ]
(In the case of a EURIBOR based option, the first 
day of the interest period)
(h)
Linear Interpolation:
[Not Applicable/Applicable - the Rate of interest 
for the [long/short] [first/last] Interest Period 
shall be calculated using Linear Interpolation 
(specify for each short or long interest period)] 
(i)
Margin(s):
[+/-] [    ] per cent. per annum
[For interest step-up/step-down Notes: [ ]% per 
annum commencing on (and including) the

--- Page 68 ---
68
Interest Commencement Date until (but not 
including) [date]
[ ]% per annum commencing on (and including) 
[date] until (but not including) [date]
[ ]% per annum commencing on (and including) 
[date] until (but not including) the Maturity Date]
(j)
Minimum Rate of Interest:
[    ] per cent. per annum
(k)
Maximum Rate of Interest:
[    ] per cent. per annum
(l)
Day Count Fraction:
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)][Actual/Actual]
Actual/365 (Fixed)
Actual/365 (Sterling)
Actual/360
[30/360][360/360][Bond Basis]
[30E/360][Eurobond Basis]
30E/360 (ISDA) 
(m)
[Interest 
Rate 
Step-up/Step-
down:
[Applicable for further details see paragraph 15 
(i) above /Not Applicable]
16.
Zero Coupon Note Provisions
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph)
(a)
Accrual Yield:
[    ] per cent. per annum
(b)
Reference Price:
[    ]
(c)
Day Count Fraction in relation to 
Early Redemption Amounts:
[30/360]
[Actual/360]
[Actual/365]
17.
Change of Interest Basis Provisions:
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)
(To be completed in addition to paragraphs 13
and 15 (as appropriate) if any fixed to floating or 
fixed reset rate change occurs)

Switch Option:
[Applicable – [specify details of the change(s) in 
Interest Basis and the relevant Interest Periods to 
which 
the 
change(s) 
in 
Interest 
Basis 
applies]/[Not Applicable]
(The Issuer must give notice of the exercise of the 
Switch Option to Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 12
(Notices) of the Terms and 
Conditions of the English Law Notes and 
Condition 12 (Notices) of the Terms and

--- Page 69 ---
69
Conditions of the Italian Law Notes on or prior 
to the relevant Switch Option Expiry Date)

Switch Option Expiry Date:
[       ]

Switch Option Effective Date:
[       ]
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION
18.
Notice 
periods 
for 
Condition
5.2 
(Redemption for tax reasons) of the 
Terms and Conditions for the English 
Law 
Notes 
and 
Condition 
5.2 
(Redemption for tax reasons) of the 
Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law 
Notes:
Minimum period: [30] days
Maximum period: [60] days
19.
Issuer Call:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph)
(a)
Optional Redemption Date(s):
[    ]
(b)
Optional Redemption Amount:
[[    ] per Calculation Amount][Make-whole 
Amount]
[Set out appropriate variable details in this pro 
forma, for example reference obligation] 
(c)
Reference Bond:
[Insert applicable Reference Bond/FA Selected 
Bond]
(d)
Quotation Time:
[11.00 a.m. [London/specify other] time]
(e)
Redemption Margin:
[[ ] per cent./Not Applicable]
(f)
If redeemable in part:

Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount:
[    ]

Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount:
[    ]
(g)
Notice periods:
Minimum period: [15] days
Maximum period: [30] days
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is 
advised 
to 
consider 
the 
practicalities 
of 
distribution 
of 
information 
through 
intermediaries, for example, clearing systems 
(which require a minimum of 5 clearing system 
business days' notice for a call) and custodians, 
as well as any other notice requirements which 
may apply, for example, as between the Issuer

--- Page 70 ---
70
and the Agent or Trustee.)
20.
Regulatory Call:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph.)
(N.B. Only relevant in the case of Subordinated 
Notes)
(a)
Early 
Redemption 
Amount 
payable 
on 
redemption 
for 
regulatory reasons (in the case of 
Subordinated Notes only and 
subject to the prior approval of 
the 
relevant 
Competent 
Authority, as applicable, and in 
accordance with applicable laws 
and 
regulations, 
including 
Articles 77(b) and 78 of the 
CRR) 
as 
contemplated 
by 
Condition 5.3 (Redemption for 
regulatory reasons (Regulatory 
Call))
of the Terms and 
Conditions for the English Law 
Notes 
and 
Condition 
5.3 
(Redemption 
for 
regulatory 
reasons (Regulatory Call)) of the 
Terms and Conditions for the 
Italian Law Notes and/or the 
method of calculating the same 
(if required or if different from 
that set out in Condition 5.7
(Early Redemption Amounts) of 
the Terms and Conditions of the 
English 
Law 
Notes 
and 
Condition 5.7 (Early Redemption 
Amounts) of the Terms and 
Conditions for the Italian Law 
Notes: 
[[ ] per Calculation Amount/as set out in 
Condition 5.7 (Early Redemption Amounts) of the 
Terms and Conditions for the English Law Notes 
and Condition 5.7 (Early Redemption Amounts) 
of the Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law 
Notes]
21.
Issuer 
Call 
due 
to 
MREL 
Disqualification Event:
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(Only relevant in the case of Senior Notes or 
Non-Preferred Senior Notes)
(a)
Early Redemption Amount:
[[   ] per Calculation Amount/as set out in 
Condition 5.7 (Early Redemption Amounts) of the 
Terms and Conditions for the English Law Notes 
and Condition 5.7 (Early Redemption Amounts) 
of the Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law 
Notes
22.
Investor Put:
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 71 ---
71
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph)
(a)
Optional Redemption Date(s):
[    ]
(b)
Optional Redemption Amount:
[    ] per Calculation Amount 
(NB: If the Optional Redemption Amount is other 
than a specified amount per Calculation Amount, 
the Notes will need to be Exempt Notes)
(c)
Notice periods:
Minimum period: [15] days
Maximum period: [30] days
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is 
advised 
to 
consider 
the 
practicalities 
of 
distribution 
of 
information 
through 
intermediaries, for example, clearing systems 
(which require a minimum of 15 clearing system 
business days' notice for a put) and custodians, 
as well as any other notice requirements which 
may apply, for example, as between the Issuer 
and the Agent or Trustee.)
23.
Final Redemption Amount:
[    ] per Calculation Amount
24.
Early Redemption Amount payable on 
redemption for taxation reasons or on 
event of default:
[    ] per Calculation Amount
(N.B. If the Final Redemption Amount is 100 per 
cent. of the nominal value (i.e. par), the Early 
Redemption Amount is likely to be par (but 
consider). If, however, the Final Redemption 
Amount is other than 100 per cent. of the nominal 
value, consideration should be given as to what
the Early Redemption Amount should be.)
[See also paragraph 20
(Regulatory Call:)] 
(Delete this cross-reference unless the Notes are 
Subordinated Notes and the Regulatory Call is 
applicable)
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES
25.
Form of Notes:
(a)
[Form:] 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a 
Permanent Global Note which is exchangeable 
for Definitive Notes upon an Exchange Event]
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes on and after the Exchange Date]
[Permanent Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes upon an Exchange Event]
[Notes shall not be physically delivered in

--- Page 72 ---
72
Belgium, except to a clearing system, a 
depository or other institution for the purpose of 
their immobilisation in accordance with article 4 
of the Belgian Law of 14 December 20056]
(N.B. The option for an issue of Notes to be 
represented on issue by a Temporary Global 
Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes should 
not be expressed to be applicable if the Specified 
Denomination of the Notes in paragraph 5
includes language substantially to the following 
effect: "[€100,000] and integral multiples of 
[€1,000] in excess thereof up to and including 
[€199,000]." .)
(b)
[New Global Note:
[Yes][No]] 
26.
Additional Financial Centre(s):
[Not Applicable/give details]
(Note that this paragraph relates to the date of 
payment and not the end dates of Interest Periods 
for the purposes of calculating the amount of 
interest, to which sub-paragraph 15(c) relates)
27.
Talons for future Coupons to be attached 
to Definitive Notes:
[Yes, as the Notes have more than 27 coupon 
payments, Talons may be required if, on 
exchange into definitive form, more than 27 
coupon payments are still to be made/No]
28.
Substitution or Variation of Notes:
[Only in relation to English Law Notes]
[Not Applicable]/[Applicable] / [Applicable 
[only] [in relation to MREL Disqualification 
Event][and]/[in order to ensure the effectiveness 
and enforceability of Condition 18 (Statutory 
Loss Absorption Powers) of the Terms and 
Conditions for the English Law Notes]
          (a)            Notice period:
[   ]
29.       Variation of Notes: 
[Only in relation to Italian Law Notes]
[Not Applicable]/[Applicable] / [Applicable 
[only] [in relation to MREL Disqualification 
Event][and]/[in order to ensure the effectiveness 
and enforceability of Condition 16 (Statutory 
Loss Absorption Powers) of the Terms and 
Conditions for the Italian Law Notes]
(a)        Notice Period:
[    ]
6 Include for Notes that are to be offered in Belgium

--- Page 73 ---
73
[THIRD PARTY INFORMATION
[[Relevant third party information] has been extracted from [specify source]. The Issuer confirms that 
such information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware and is able to ascertain 
from information published by [specify source], no facts have been omitted which would render the 
reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.]
Signed on behalf of [name of the Issuer]:
By: ..........................................................
Duly authorised

--- Page 74 ---
74
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION
1.
LISTING 
AND 
ADMISSION 
TO 
TRADING
(i)
Listing and Admission to trading
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on 
its behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to trading 
on [specify (i) relevant regulated market (for 
example the Bourse de Luxembourg or the 
Regulated Market of Euronext Dublin) and also 
any third country market, SME growth market or 
MTF, and (ii) if relevant, listing on an official list 
(for example, the official list of Euronext Dublin)] 
with effect from [         ].]
[Application is expected to be made by the Issuer 
(or on its behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to 
trading on [specify (i) relevant regulated market
(for example the Bourse de Luxembourg or the 
Regulated Market of Euronext Dublin) and also 
any third country market, SME growth market or 
MTF, and (ii) if relevant, listing on an official list 
(for example, the official list of Euronext Dublin)] 
with effect from [         ].]
(Where documenting a fungible issue need to 
indicate that original Notes are already admitted 
to trading.)
(ii)
Estimate of total expenses in 
relation to admission to trading:
[         ]
2.
RATINGS
[The Notes to be issued [[have been]/[are 
expected]] to be rated]/[The following ratings 
assigned to the Notes of this type issued under 
the Programme generally:][Not applicable]
[insert details] by [insert the legal name of the 
relevant credit
rating agency entity(ies) and associated defined 
terms]. 
[] (Need to include a brief explanation of the 
meaning of the ratings if this has previously been 
published by the rating provider)
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating 
allocated to Notes of the type being issued under 
the Programme generally or, where the issue has 
been specifically rated, that rating.)

--- Page 75 ---
75
[Each of [defined terms] / [●] is established in the 
European 
Union 
and 
is 
registered 
under 
Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, on credit rating 
agencies as amended by Regulation (EU) No 
513/2011 and Regulation (EU) No. 462/2013 on 
credit rating agencies (as amended from time to 
time, the "CRA Regulation") as set out in the list 
of credit rating agencies registered in accordance 
with the CRA Regulation published on the 
website of the European Securities and Markets 
Authority pursuant to the CRA Regulation (for 
more information please visit the European 
Securities and Markets Authority webpage) on its 
website (at http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-
registered-and-certified-CRAs) 
/ 
[●] 
is 
established in the UK and is registered under 
Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 , on credit rating 
agencies as amended by Regulation (EU) No 
513/2011 and Regulation(EU) No. 462/2013 on 
credit rating agencies, as it forms part of 
domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of 
the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (as 
amended from time to time, the UK CRA 
Regulation)] / [have not been issued or endorsed 
by any credit rating agency which is established 
in the European Union and registered under 
Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 on credit rating 
agencies on credit rating agencies as amended by 
Regulation 
(EU) 
No 
513/2011 
and 
Regulation(EU) No. 462/2013 on credit rating 
agencies (as amended from time to time, the 
CRA Regulation) / have not been issued or 
endorsed by any credit rating agency which is 
established in the UK and registered under 
Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 on credit rating 
agencies on credit rating agencies as amended by 
Regulation (EU) No 513/2011 and Regulation 
(EU) No. 462/2013 on credit rating agencies as it 
forms part of domestic law of the United 
Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (as amended from time to 
time, the UK CRA Regulation)].
(Include the relevant wording as applicable 
depending on the relevant rating agency 
assigning a rating to the Notes issued).
3.
REASONS FOR THE OFFER AND ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS
(i) Reasons for the offer:
[General funding purposes of the BPS Group] /  
[The net proceeds from the issue of the Notes
will be used to finance or refinance Green

--- Page 76 ---
76
Eligible Green Projects, Eligible Social Projects 
or Eligible Sustainable Projects (as defined in the 
“Use of Proceeds” section)]. 
(If the Notes are denominated “Green Bonds”, 
“Social Bonds” or “Sustainability Bonds” 
describe the relevant Eligible Green Projects, 
Eligible Social Projects or Eligible Sustainable 
Projects to which the net proceeds of the Notes 
will be applied or make reference to the relevant 
bond framework to which the net proceeds of the 
Notes will be applied.)
(Applicable only in the case of securities to be 
classified as “Green Bonds”. If not applicable, 
delete this paragraph.) 
[Further 
details 
on 
[Eligible 
Green 
Projects]/[Eligible 
Social 
Projects]/[Eligible 
Sustainable Projects] are included in the 
[Framework Agreement], that will be made 
available, [together with the Second Party 
Opinion,] on the Issuer’s website in the investor 
relations 
section 
at 
https://istituzionale.popso.it/en/investor-
relations/financial-operations]
(See “Use of Proceeds” wording in Base 
Prospectus)”
(ii) Estimated net proceeds:
[    ]
4.
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE
[Save for any fees payable to the 
[Managers/Dealers], so far as the Issuer 
is aware, no person involved in the issue 
of the Notes has an interest material to 
the offer.  The [Managers/Dealers] and 
their affiliates have engaged, and may in 
the future engage, in investment banking 
and/or commercial banking transactions 
with, and may perform other services for, 
the Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary 
course 
of 
business 
-
Amend 
as 
appropriate if there are other interests] 
[(When adding any other description, 
consideration should be given as to 
whether such matters described constitute 
"significant 
new 
factors" 
and 
consequently trigger the need for a 
supplement to the Base Prospectus under 
Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.)]

--- Page 77 ---
77
5.
YIELD (Fixed Rate Notes only)
Indication of yield:
[∙]
6.
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION
(i)
ISIN:
[∙]
(ii)
Common Code:
[∙]
(iii)
CFI:
[[See/[[include code], as updated, as set out on] 
the website of the Association of National 
Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively 
sourced 
from 
the 
responsible 
National 
Numbering Agency that assigned the ISIN/Not 
Applicable/Not Available]
(iv)
FISN:
[[See/[[include code], as updated, as set out on] 
the website of the Association of National 
Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively 
sourced 
from 
the 
responsible 
National 
Numbering Agency that assigned the ISIN/Not 
Applicable/Not Available]
(v)
Any clearing system(s) other 
than Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and the relevant 
identification number(s):
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and number(s)]
(vi)
Delivery:
Delivery [against/free of] payment
(vii)
Names 
and 
addresses 
of 
additional Paying Agent(s) (if 
any):
[         ]
[(viii)
Intended to be held in a manner 
which would allow Eurosystem 
eligibility:
[Yes.  Note that the designation "yes" simply 
means that the Notes are intended upon issue to 
be deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper and does not necessarily mean that the 
Notes will be recognised as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra day credit 
operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or 
at any or all times during their life.  Such 
recognition will depend upon the ECB being 
satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have 
been met.]/
[No.  Whilst the designation is specified as "no" 
at the date of these Final Terms, should the 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria be amended in the 
future such that the Notes are capable of meeting 
them the Notes may then be deposited with one 
of the ICSDs as common safekeeper.  Note that

--- Page 78 ---
78
this does not necessarily mean that the Notes will 
then be recognised as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra day credit 
operations by the Eurosystem at any time during 
their life.  Such recognition will depend upon the 
ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria have been met.]
7.
DISTRIBUTION
(i)
Method of distribution:
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated]
(ii)
If 
syndicated, 
names 
of 
Managers:
[Not Applicable/give names]
(iii)
Stabilisation Manager(s) (if any):
[Not Applicable/give name]
(iv)
If 
non-syndicated, 
name 
of 
relevant Dealer:
[Not Applicable/give name]
(v)
U.S. Selling Restrictions:
[Reg. S Compliance Category 2; TEFRA 
D/TEFRA C/TEFRA not applicable]
(vi)
Prohibition of Sales to EEA 
Retail Investors:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute "packaged" 
products or the Notes do constitute “packaged”
products and a key information document will be 
prepared in the EEA, "Not Applicable" should be 
specified. If the Notes may constitute "packaged" 
products and no key information document will 
be prepared, "Applicable" should be specified.)
(vii)
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute "packaged" 
products, or the Notes do constitute “packaged” 
products and a key information document will be 
prepared in the UK, "Not Applicable" should be 
specified. If the Notes may constitute "packaged" 
products and no key information document will 
be prepared, "Applicable" should be specified.).
(viii)
Prohibition of Sales to Belgian 
Consumers:
(ix)
EU Benchmarks Regulation:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
[Applicable: Amounts payable under the Notes 
are calculated by reference to [insert name(s) of 
benchmark(s)], which [is/are] provided by [insert 
name(s) of the administrator(s) – if more than 
one, specify in relation to each relevant 
benchmark]

--- Page 79 ---
79
(x)
EU 
Benchmarks 
Regulation:
Article 
29(2) 
statement 
on 
benchmarks:
[As at the date of these Final Terms, [insert 
name(s) of the administrator(s)] [is/are] [not] 
included in the register of administrators of 
benchmarks established and maintained by the 
European Securities and Markets Authorities 
[(ESMA)] pursuant to Article 36 of the 
Benchmarks 
Regulation 
(Regulation 
(EU) 
2016/1011) [(the BMR)]. [As far as the Issuer is 
aware, [[insert name of the benchmark] does not 
fall within the scope of the BMR by virtue of 
Article 2 of the BMR]/[the transitional provisions 
in Article 51 of the BMR apply, such that the 
administrator is not currently required to obtain 
authorisation/registration]]. 
(repeat 
as 
necessary)]
(if Not Applicable, delete this sub-paragraph)

--- Page 80 ---
80
APPLICABLE PRICING SUPPLEMENT
[PRIIPs Regulation / PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS - The Notes 
are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area (EEA). For these 
purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point 
(11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council on 
markets in financial instruments (as amended, MiFID II); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of 
Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the Insurance Distribution Directive), where that customer would not qualify 
as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified 
investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation. Consequently no key information document required 
by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended or superseded the PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or 
selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared 
and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in 
the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
PRIIPs Regulation / PROHIBITION OF SALES UK RETAIL INVESTORS - The Notes are not 
intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom (UK). For these purposes, a 
retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of 
Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European 
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018; (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial 
Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended (the FSMA) and any rules or regulations made under the 
FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional 
client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018; or (iii) not a qualified investor 
as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by the PRIIPs Regulation as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the UK PRIIPs 
Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in 
the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.]7”
[MIFID II/UK MIFIR product governance / target market - [appropriate target market legend to 
be included]]
[NOTIFICATION UNDER SECTION 309B(1)(C) OF THE SECURITIES AND FUTURES 
ACT (CHAPTER 289) OF SINGAPORE, AS MODIFIED OR AMENDED FROM TIME TO 
TIME (the SFA) - [Insert notice if classification of the Notes is not “prescribed capital markets 
products”, pursuant to Section 309B of the SFA or “Excluded Investment Products” (as defined in 
MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: 
Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products)].]8
EXEMPT NOTES OF ANY DENOMINATION
Set out below is the form of Pricing Supplement which will be completed for each Tranche of Exempt 
7 Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if the Tranche of Notes potentially constitute “packaged” products and no key 
information document will be prepared or the issuer wishes to prohibit offers to EEA and UK retail investors for any other reason, in 
which case the selling restriction should be specified to be “Applicable”.
8 Relevant Manager(s)/Dealer(s) to consider whether it / they have received the necessary product classification from the Issuer prior 
to the launch of the offer, pursuant to Section 309B of the SFA.

--- Page 81 ---
81
Notes, whatever the denomination of those Notes, issued under the Programme.
[Date]
BANCA POPOLARE DI SONDRIO S.C.p.A.
Legal entity identifier (LEI): J48C8PCSJVUBR8KCW529
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes]
under the €5,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS
[Any person making or intending to make an offer of the Notes may only do so in circumstances in 
which no obligation arises for the Issuer or any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to either of 
Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or section 85 of the FSMA or to supplement a prospectus 
pursuant to either of Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation [or Article 25 of the UK Prospectus 
Regulation], in each case, in relation to such offer.]9
[This document constitutes the Pricing Supplement for the Notes described herein. This document 
must be read in conjunction with the base prospectus dated 8 October 2021 and any supplement[s] 
dated [date[s]]] thereto (the Base Prospectus). Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the 
Notes is only available on the basis of the combination of this Pricing Supplement and the Base 
Prospectus. Copies of the Base Prospectus will be published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange (www.bourse.lu).
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the [Terms and 
Conditions for the English Law Notes] [the Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes] (the 
Conditions) set forth in the Base Prospectus [dated 8 October 2021 [and the supplement dated [date]] 
which are incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus].]
(The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased 
was issued under a Base Prospectus with an earlier date.) 
[This document constitutes the Pricing Supplement for the Notes described herein. This document 
must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus dated 8 October 2021 and any supplement 
thereto (the Base Prospectus). Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes is only 
available on the basis of the combination of this Pricing Supplement and the Base Prospectus. Copies 
of the Base Prospectus will be published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
(www.bourse.lu).
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the [Terms and 
Conditions for the English Law Notes] [the Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes] (the 
Conditions) set forth in the prospectus dated 31 July 2020, as supplemented on 10 March 2021 and 
on 1 July 2021, which are incorporated by reference in the prospectus dated 8 October 2021].]
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable". Note that the numbering 
should remain as set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs or 
subparagraphs. Italics denote directions for completing the Pricing Supplement.]
9
Do not include if the “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” legend is included (because the Notes potentially constitute 
“packaged” products and no key information document will be prepared) and the related selling restriction is specified to be 
“Applicable”.

--- Page 82 ---
82
[If the Notes have a maturity of less than one year from the date of their issue, the minimum 
denomination [must/may need to] be £100,000 or its equivalent in any other currency.]
1.
(a)
Series Number:
[    ]
(b)
Tranche Number:
[    ]
(c)
Date on which the Notes will be 
consolidated and form a single 
Series:
The Notes will be consolidated and form a single 
Series with [identify earlier Tranches] on [the 
Issue Date/the date that is 40 days after the Issue 
Date/exchange of the Temporary Global Note for 
interests in the Permanent Global Note, as 
referred to in paragraph [ ] below, which is 
expected to occur on or about [date]][Not 
Applicable]
2.
Specified Currency or Currencies:
[   ]
3.
Aggregate Nominal Amount:
(a)
Series:
[    ]
(b)
Tranche:
[    ]
4.
Issue Price:
[    ] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount 
[plus accrued interest from [insert date] (if 
applicable)]
5.
(a)
Specified Denominations:
[    ]
(N.B. Senior and Subordinated Notes must have a 
minimum 
denomination 
of 
€100,000 
(or 
equivalent). In the case of Non-Preferred Senior 
Notes, 
Notes 
must 
have 
a 
minimum 
denomination of €250,000 (or equivalent))
(b)
Calculation Amount (in relation 
to calculation of interest in 
global form see Conditions):
[    ]
(If only one Specified Denomination, insert the 
Specified Denomination.
If more than one 
Specified Denomination, insert the highest 
common factor. Note: There must be a common 
factor in the case of two or more Specified 
Denominations.)
6.
(a)
Issue Date:
[   ]
(b)
Interest Commencement Date:
[specify/Issue Date/Not Applicable]
(N.B. An Interest Commencement Date will not 
be relevant for certain Notes, for example Zero 
Coupon Notes.)
7.
Maturity Date:
[Specify date or for

--- Page 83 ---
83
Floating Rate Notes - Interest Payment Date 
falling in or nearest to [specify month and year]]
(Unless otherwise permitted by current laws, 
regulations, 
directives 
and/or 
requirements 
applicable to the issue of Notes by the Issuer, 
Non-Preferred Senior Notes must have a maturity 
of not less than twelve months and Subordinated 
Notes must have a minimum maturity of five 
years).
8.
Interest Basis:
[[    ] per cent. Fixed Rate] [Subject to interest 
rate step-up as specified in subparagraph 13(g) 
below] [Subject to interest rate step-down as 
specified in subparagraph 13(g) below]
[[ ] per cent. to be reset on [ ] [and [ ] and every [
] anniversary thereafter]
[[specify Reference Rate] +/- [    ] per cent. 
Floating Rate] [Subject to interest rate step-up as
specified in subparagraph 15(m) below] [Subject 
to interest rate step-down as specified in 
subparagraph 15(m) below]
[Zero Coupon]
[Index Linked Interest]
[Dual Currency Interest]
[specify other]
(further particulars specified below)
9.
Redemption/Payment Basis:
[Redemption at par]
[Index Linked Redemption]
[Dual Currency Redemption]
[Partly Paid]
[Instalment]
[specify other]
10.
Change of Interest Basis or 
Redemption/Payment Basis:
[Specify the date when any fixed to floating rate 
change occurs or cross refer to paragraphs 13
and 15 below and identify there][Not Applicable]
11.
Put/Call Options:
[Issuer Call] 
[Regulatory Call]
[Issuer Call due to MREL Disqualification 
Event]
(N.B. Only relevant in the case of Senior Notes or 
Non-Preferred Senior Notes)
[Investor Put]
(N.B. Only relevant in the case of Senior Notes or 
Non-Preferred Senior Notes)
[(further particulars specified below)]
12.
(a)
Status of the Notes:
[Senior/ Non-Preferred Senior/Subordinated]
(b)
[Date 
[Board] 
approval 
for 
issuance of Notes obtained:
[    ] [and [    ], respectively]]
(N.B. Only relevant where Board (or similar) 
authorisation is required for the particular

--- Page 84 ---
84
tranche of Notes)
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE
13.
Fixed Rate Note Provisions
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph)
(a)
Rate(s) of Interest:
[    ] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on 
each Interest Payment Date
[For interest step-up/step-down Notes: [ ]% per 
annum
commencing on (and including) the 
Interest Commencement Date until (but not 
including) [date]
[ ]% per annum commencing on (and including) 
[date] until (but not including) [date]
[ ]% per annum commencing on (and including) 
[date] until (but not including) the Maturity 
Date]]
(b)
Interest Payment Date(s):
[    ] in each year up to and including the Maturity 
Date
(Amend appropriately in the case of irregular 
coupons)
(c)
Fixed Coupon Amount(s) for 
Notes in definitive form (and in 
relation to Notes in global form
see Conditions):
[    ] per Calculation Amount
(d)
Broken Amount(s) for Notes in 
definitive form (and in relation to 
Notes 
in 
global 
form 
see 
Conditions):
[[    ] per Calculation Amount, payable on the 
Interest Payment Date falling [in/on] [    ]][Not 
Applicable]
(e)
Day Count Fraction:
[30/360/Actual/Actual (ICMA)/specify other]
(f)
[Determination Date(s):
[[    ] in each year][Not Applicable]
(Only relevant where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual (ICMA). In such a case, insert 
regular interest payment dates, ignoring issue 
date or maturity date in the case of a long or 
short first or last coupon]
(g)
[Rate of Interest Step-up/Step-
down:
[Applicable for further details see paragraph 
13(a)/Not Applicable]
14.
Reset Note Provisions:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(a)
Initial Rate of Interest:
[ ] per cent. per annum payable in arrear [on each 
Interest Payment Date]

--- Page 85 ---
85
(b)
First Margin:
[+/-][ ] per cent. per annum
(c)
Subsequent Margin:
[[+/-][ ] per cent. per annum] [Not Applicable]
(d)
Interest Payment Date(s):
[ ] [and [ ]] in each year up to and including the 
Maturity Date [until and excluding [  ]]
(e)
Fixed Coupon Amount up to (but 
excluding) the First Reset Date:
[[ ] per Calculation Amount][Not Applicable]
(f)
Broken Amount(s):
[[ ] per Calculation Amount payable on the 
Interest Payment Date falling [in/on] [ ]][Not 
Applicable]
(g)
First Reset Date:
[ ]
(h)
Second Reset Date:
[ ]/[Not Applicable]
(i)
Subsequent Reset Date(s):
[ ] [and [ ]]
(j)
Relevant Screen Page:
[●]/[Not Applicable]
(k)
Mid-Swap Rate:
[Single Mid-Swap Rate/Mean Mid-Swap Rate]
(l)
Mid-Swap Maturity
[ ]
(m)
Day Count Fraction:
[Actual/Actual / Actual/Actual (ISDA)]
[Actual/365 (Fixed)]
[Actual/365 (Sterling)]
[Actual/360]
[30/360/360/360/Bond Basis]
[30E/360/Eurobond Basis]
[30E/360 (ISDA)]
[Actual/Actual ICMA]
(n)
Reset 
Reference 
Rate 
Conversion:
(o)
Original Reset Reference Rate 
Payment Basis: 
(p)
Determination Dates:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
[Annual/Semi-annual/Quarterly/Monthly/Not 
Applicable]
[ ] in each year
(q)
Business Centre(s):
[ ]
(r)
Calculation Agent:
[ ]
15.
Floating Rate Note Provisions
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph)
(a)
Specified 
Period(s)/Specified 
Interest Payment Dates
[    ][, subject to adjustment in accordance with 
the Business Day Convention set out in (b) 
below/, not subject to any adjustment, as the

--- Page 86 ---
86
Business Day Convention in (b) below
is 
specified to be Not Applicable] 
(b)
Business Day Convention:
[Floating Rate Convention/Following
Business Day Convention/Modified Following 
Business Day Convention/ Preceding Business 
Day Convention/[specify other]] [Not 
Applicable]
(c)
Additional Business Centre(s):
[    ]
(d)
Manner in which the Rate of 
Interest and Interest Amount is to 
be determined:
[Screen 
Rate 
Determination/ISDA 
Determination/specify other]
(e)
Party responsible for calculating 
the Rate of Interest and Interest 
Amount (if not the Agent):
[    ] (the Calculation Agent)
(f)
Screen Rate Determination:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If not applicable, delete the remaining items of 
this subparagraph)
Reference Rate:
Interest Determination
Date(s):
Relevant Screen Page:
[] month [EURIBOR]
[]-(Second day on which the Target2 System is 
open prior to the start of each Interest Period)
[]]
(If not Reuters EURIBOR01 ensure it is a page 
which shows a composite rate or amend the 
fallback provisions appropriately)
(g)
ISDA Determination:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If not applicable, delete the remaining items of 
this subparagraph)

ISDA Definitions:

Floating Rate Option:
[2006 
ISDA 
Definitions]/[2021 
ISDA 
Definitions]
(The 2021 ISDA Definitions should not be 
selected before their effective date of 4 October 
2021)
[    ]
(Ensure this is a Floating Rate Option included 
in the Floating Rate Matrix (as defined in the 
2021 ISDA Definitions))

--- Page 87 ---
87

Designated Maturity:
[    ]/[Not Applicable]
(A Designated Maturity period is not relevant 
where the relevant Floating Rate Option is a 
risk-free rate)

Reset Date:
[    ]
(In the case of a EURIBOR based option, the first 
day of the interest period) –
(h)
Linear Interpolation:
[Not Applicable/Applicable – the Rate of Interest 
for the [long/short] [first/last] Interest Period 
shall be calculated using Linear Interpolation 
(specify for each short or long interest period)] 
(i)
Margin(s):
[+/-] [    ] per cent. per annum
[For interest step-up/step-down Notes: [ ]% per 
annum commencing on (and including) the 
Interest Commencement Date until (but not 
including) [date]
[ ]% per annum commencing on (and including) 
[date] until (but not including) [date]
[ ]% per annum commencing on (and including) 
[date] until (but not including) the Maturity 
Date]]
(j)
Minimum Rate of Interest:
[    ] per cent. per annum
(k)
Maximum Rate of Interest:
[    ] per cent. per annum
(l)
Day Count Fraction:
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)][Actual/Actual]
Actual/365 (Fixed)
Actual/365 (Sterling)
Actual/360
[30/360][360/360][Bond Basis]
[30E/360][Eurobond Basis]
30E/360 (ISDA)
[Other]
(m)
[Interest 
Rate 
Step-up/Step-
down:
[Applicable for further details see paragraph 15 
(i) above /Not Applicable]
16.
Zero Coupon Note Provisions
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph)
(a)
Accrual Yield:
[    ] per cent. per annum
(b)
Reference Price:
[    ]

--- Page 88 ---
88
(c)
Any 
other 
formula/basis 
of 
determining amount payable for 
Zero Coupon Notes which are 
Exempt Notes:
[    ]
(d)
Day Count Fraction in relation to 
Early Redemption Amounts:
[30/360]
[Actual/360]
[Actual/365]
17.
Index Linked Interest Note
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If 
not
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph)
(a)
Index/Formula:
[give or annex details]
(b)
Calculation Agent
[give name]
(c)
Party responsible for calculating 
the Rate of Interest (if not the 
Calculation Agent) and Interest 
Amount (if not the Agent):
[    ]
(d)
Provisions 
for 
determining 
Coupon where calculation by 
reference 
to 
Index 
and/or
Formula 
is 
impossible 
or 
impracticable:
[need to include a description of market 
disruption or settlement disruption events and 
adjustment provisions]
(e)
Specified 
Period(s)/Specified 
Interest Payment Dates:
[    ]
(f)
Business Day Convention:
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business 
Day Convention/Modified Following Business 
Day Convention/ Preceding Business Day 
Convention/specify other]
(g)
Additional Business Centre(s):
[    ]
(h)
Minimum Rate of Interest:
[    ] per cent. per annum
(i)
Maximum Rate of Interest:
[    ] per cent. per annum
(j)
Day Count Fraction:
[    ]
18.
Dual Currency Interest Note Provisions
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph)
(a)
Rate of Exchange/method of 
calculating Rate of Exchange:
[give or annex details]
(b)
Party, if any, responsible for 
calculating the principal and/or 
interest due (if not the Agent):
[    ] (the Calculation Agent)

--- Page 89 ---
89
(c)
Provisions 
applicable 
where 
calculation by reference to Rate 
of 
Exchange 
impossible 
or 
impracticable:
[need to include a description of market 
disruption or settlement disruption events and 
adjustment provisions]
(d)
Person at whose option Specified 
Currency(ies) is/are payable:
[    ]
19.
Change of Interest Basis Provisions:
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)
(To be completed in addition to paragraphs 13
and 15 (as appropriate) if any fixed to floating or 
fixed reset rate change occurs)

Switch Option:
[Applicable – [specify details of the change(s) in 
Interest Basis and the relevant Interest Periods to 
which 
the 
change(s) 
in 
Interest 
Basis 
applies]/[Not Applicable]
(The Issuer must give notice of the exercise of the 
Switch Option to Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 12
(Notices)
of the Terms and 
Conditions for the English Law Notes and 
Condition 12 (Notices) of the Terms and 
Conditions for the Italian Law Notes on or prior 
to the relevant Switch Option Expiry Date)

Switch Option Expiry 
Date:
[       ]

Switch Option Effective 
Date:
[       ]
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION
20.
Notice 
periods 
for 
Condition 
5.2
(Redemption for tax reasons) of the 
Terms and Conditions for the English 
Law 
Notes 
and 
Condition 
5.2 
(Redemption for tax reasons) of the 
Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law 
Notes:
Minimum period: [30] days
Maximum period: [60] days
21.
Issuer Call:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph)
(a)
Optional Redemption Date(s):
[    ]
(b)
Optional Redemption Amount 
and 
method, 
if 
any, 
of 
[[    ] per Calculation Amount/[Make-whole 
Amount/] specify other/see Appendix]

--- Page 90 ---
90
calculation of such amount(s):
(c)
Reference Bond:
[Insert applicable Reference Bond/FA Selected 
Bond]
(d)
Quotation Time:
[11.00 a.m. [London/specify other] time]
(e)
Redemption Margin:
[[ ] per cent./Not Applicable]
(f)
If redeemable in part:

Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount:
[    ]

Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount:
[    ]
(g)
Notice periods:
Minimum period: [15] days
Maximum period: [30] days
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is 
advised 
to 
consider 
the 
practicalities 
of 
distribution 
of 
information 
through 
intermediaries, for example, clearing systems 
(which require a minimum of 5 clearing system 
business days' notice for a call) and custodians, 
as well as any other notice requirements which 
may apply, for example, as between the Issuer 
and the Agent or Trustee.)
22.
Regulatory Call:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph.)
(N.B. Only relevant in the case of Subordinated 
Notes)
(a)
Early
Redemption 
Amount 
payable 
on 
redemption 
for 
regulatory reasons (in the case of 
Subordinated Notes only and 
subject to the prior approval of 
the 
relevant 
Competent 
Authority, as applicable, and in 
accordance with applicable laws 
and 
regulations, 
including 
Articles 77(b) and 78 of the 
CRR) 
as 
contemplated 
by 
Condition 5.3 (Redemption for 
regulatory reasons (Regulatory 
Call)) 
of 
the 
Terms 
and 
Conditions for the English Law 
Notes 
and 
Condition 
[5.3] 
[[ ] per Calculation Amount/as set out in 
Condition 5.7 (Early Redemption Amounts) of the 
Terms and Conditions for the English Law Notes 
and Condition 5.7 (Early Redemption Amounts) 
of the Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law 
Notes]

--- Page 91 ---
91
(Redemption 
for 
regulatory 
reasons (Regulatory Call)) of the 
Terms and Conditions for the 
Italian Law Notes and/or the 
method of calculating the same 
(if required or if different from 
that set out in Condition 5.7
(Early Redemption Amounts) of 
the Terms and Conditions for the 
English 
Law 
Notes 
and 
Condition 5.7 (Early Redemption 
Amounts) of the Terms and 
Conditions for the Italian Law 
Notes:
23.
Issuer 
Call 
due 
to 
MREL 
Disqualification Event:
(a)
Early Redemption Amount:
24.
Investor Put:
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(Only relevant in the case of Senior Notes or 
Non-Preferred Senior Notes)
[[   ] per Calculation Amount/as set out in 
Condition 5.7 (Early Redemption Amounts) of the 
Terms and Conditions for the English Law Notes 
and Condition 5.7 (Early Redemption Amounts) 
of the Terms and Conditions of the Italian Law 
Notes]
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph)
(a)
Optional Redemption Date(s):
[    ]
(b)
Optional Redemption Amount:
[    ] per Calculation Amount 
(NB: If the Optional Redemption Amount is other 
than a specified amount per Calculation Amount, 
the Notes will need to be Exempt Notes)
(c)
Notice periods:
Minimum period: [15] days
Maximum period: [30] days
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is 
advised 
to 
consider 
the 
practicalities 
of 
distribution 
of 
information 
through 
intermediaries, for example, clearing systems 
(which require a minimum of 15 clearing system 
business days' notice for a put) and custodians, 
as well as any other notice requirements which 
may apply, for example, as between the Issuer 
and the Agent or Trustee.)
25.
Final Redemption Amount:
[[    ] per Calculation Amount/specify other/see 
Appendix]

--- Page 92 ---
92
26.
Early Redemption Amount payable on 
redemption for taxation reasons or on 
event of default and/or the method of 
calculating the same (if required):
[[    ] per Calculation Amount/specify other/see 
Appendix]
(N.B. If the Final Redemption Amount is 100 per 
cent. of the nominal value (i.e. par), the Early 
Redemption Amount is likely to be par (but 
consider). If, however, the Final Redemption 
Amount is other than 100 per cent. of the nominal 
value, consideration should be given as to what 
the Early Redemption Amount should be.)
[See also paragraph 22
(Regulatory Call:)] 
(Delete this cross-reference unless the Notes are 
Subordinated Notes and the Regulatory Call is 
applicable)
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES
27.
Form of Notes:
(a)
[Form:]
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a 
Permanent Global Note which is exchangeable 
for Definitive Notes upon an Exchange Event]
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes on and after the Exchange Date]
[Permanent Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes upon an Exchange Event] 
[Notes shall not be physically delivered in 
Belgium, except to a clearing system, a 
depository or other institution for the purpose of 
their immobilisation in accordance with article 4 
of the Belgian Law of 14 December 200510]
(b)
[New Global Note:
[Yes][No]]
28.
Additional Financial Centre(s):
[Not Applicable/give details]
(Note that this paragraph relates to the date of 
payment and not the end dates of Interest Periods 
for the purposes of calculating the amount of 
interest, to which sub-paragraphs 15(c) and 
17(g) relate)
29.
Talons for future Coupons to be attached 
to Definitive Notes:
[Yes, as the Notes have more than 27 coupon 
payments, Talons may be required
if, on 
exchange into definitive form, more than 27 
coupon payments are still to be made/No]
30.
Details relating to Partly Paid Notes: 
amount of each payment comprising the 
Issue Price and date on which each 
[Not Applicable/give details. N.B. A new form of 
Temporary Global Note and/or Permanent 
Global Note may be required for Partly Paid 
10 Include for Notes that are to be offered in Belgium

--- Page 93 ---
93
payment is to be made and consequences 
(if any) of failure to pay, including any 
right of the Issuer to forfeit the Notes and 
interest due on late payment.
issues]
31.
Details relating to Instalment Notes:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph)
(a)
Instalment Amount(s):
[give details]
(b)
Instalment Date(s):
[give details]
32.
Other terms or special conditions:
[Not Applicable/give details]
33.
Substitution or Variation of Notes:
[Only in relation to English Law Notes]
[Not Applicable] / [Applicable] / [Applicable 
[only] [in relation to MREL Disqualification 
Event][and]/[in order to ensure the effectiveness 
and enforceability of Condition 18 (Statutory 
Loss Absorption Powers) of the Terms and 
Conditions for the English Law Notes]
(a)           Notice period:
[   ]
34.
Variation of Notes:
[Only in relation to Italian Law Notes]
Not Applicable] / [Applicable] / [Applicable 
[only] [in relation to MREL Disqualification 
Event][and]/[in order to ensure the effectiveness 
and enforceability of Condition 16 (Statutory 
Loss Absorption Powers) of the Terms and 
Conditions for the Italian Law Notes]
(a)        Notice Period: 
[   ]
RESPONSIBILITY
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Pricing Supplement. [Relevant 
third party information] has been extracted from [specify source]. The Issuer confirms that such 
information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware and is able to ascertain from 
information published by [specify source], no facts have been omitted which would render the

--- Page 94 ---
94
reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.
Signed on behalf of [name of the Issuer]:
By: ..........................................................
Duly authorised

--- Page 95 ---
95
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION
1.
LISTING
[Application [has been made/is expected to be 
made] by the Issuer (or on its behalf) for the 
Notes to be listed on [specify market – note this 
must not be an EEA regulated market] with effect 
from [    ].] [Not Applicable]
2.
RATINGS
Ratings:
[The Notes to be issued [[have been]/[are 
expected to be]] rated [insert details] by [insert 
the legal name of the relevant credit rating 
agency entity(ies)].
(The above disclosure is only required if the 
ratings of the Notes are different to those stated 
in the Base Prospectus) 
3.
REASONS FOR THE OFFER
[General funding purposes of the BPS Group] /  
[The net proceeds from the issue of the Notes 
will be used to finance or refinance Green 
Eligible Green Projects or Eligible Social 
Projects or Eligible Sustainable Projects (as
defined in the “Use of Proceeds” section)]. 
(If the Notes are denominated “Green Bonds”, 
“Social Bonds” or “Sustainability Bonds” 
describe the relevant Eligible Green Projects, 
Eligible Social Projects or Eligible Sustainable 
Projects to which the net proceeds of the Notes 
will be applied or make reference to the relevant 
bond framework to which the net proceeds of the 
Notes will be applied.)
(Applicable only in the case of securities to be 
classified as “Green Bonds”. If not applicable, 
delete this paragraph.) 
Further 
details 
on 
[Eligible 
Green 
Projects]/[Eligible 
Social 
Projects]/[Eligible 
Sustainable Projects] are included in the 
Framework Agreement], that will be available, 
[together with the Second Party Opinion,] on the 
Issuer’s website in the investor relations section 
at 
https://istituzionale.popso.it/en/investor-
relations/financial-operations(See 
“Use 
of 
Proceeds” wording in Base Prospectus)”
4.
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE
[Save for any fees payable to the [Managers named below/Dealers], so far as the Issuer is

--- Page 96 ---
96
aware, no person involved in the issue of the Notes has an interest material to the offer. The 
[Managers/Dealers] and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in 
investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other 
services for, the Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary course of business – Amend as 
appropriate if there are other interests]
5.
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION
(i)
ISIN:
[    ]
(ii)
Common Code:
[    ]
(iii)
CFI:
[[See/[[include code], as updated, as set out on] 
the website of the Association of National 
Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively 
sourced 
from 
the 
responsible 
National 
Numbering Agency that assigned the ISIN/Not 
Applicable/Not Available]
(iv)
FISN:
[[See/[[include code], as updated, as set out on] 
the website of the Association of National 
Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively 
sourced 
from 
the 
responsible 
National 
Numbering Agency that assigned the ISIN/Not 
Applicable/Not Available]
(v)
Any clearing system(s) other 
than Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and the relevant 
identification number(s):
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and number(s)]
(vi)
Delivery:
Delivery [against/free of] payment
(vii)
Names 
and 
addresses 
of 
additional Paying Agent(s) (if 
any):
[    ]
(viii)
[Intended to be held in a manner 
which would allow Eurosystem 
eligibility:
[Yes. Note that the designation "yes" simply 
means that the Notes are intended upon issue to 
be deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper and does not necessarily mean that the 
Notes will be recognised as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra day credit 
operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or 
at any or all times during their life. Such 
recognition will depend upon the ECB being 
satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have 
been met.]

--- Page 97 ---
97
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as "no" at 
the date of this Pricing Supplement, should the 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria be amended in the 
future such that the Notes are capable of meeting 
them the Notes may then be deposited with one 
of the ICSDs as common safekeeper. Note that 
this does not necessarily mean that the Notes will 
then be recognised as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra day credit 
operations by the Eurosystem at any time during 
their life. Such recognition will depend upon the 
ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria have been met.]] 
6.
DISTRIBUTION
(i)
Method of distribution:
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated]
(ii)
If 
syndicated, 
names 
of 
Managers:
[Not Applicable/give names]
(iii)
Stabilisation Manager(s) (if any):
[Not Applicable/give name]
(iv)
If 
non-syndicated, 
name 
of 
relevant Dealer:
[Not Applicable/give name]
(v)
U.S. Selling Restrictions:
Reg. S Compliance Category 2; [TEFRA 
D/TEFRA C/TEFRA not applicable]
(vi)
Additional selling restrictions:
[Not Applicable/give details]
(Additional selling restrictions are only likely to 
be relevant for certain structured Notes, such as 
commodity-linked Notes)
(vii)
Prohibition of Sales to EEA
Retail Investors:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute "packaged" 
products or the Notes do constitute “packaged” 
products and a key information document will be
prepared in the EEA, "Not Applicable" should be 
specified. If the Notes may constitute "packaged" 
products and no key information document will 
be prepared, "Applicable" should be specified.)
(viii)
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute "packaged" 
products, or the Notes do constitute “packaged” 
products and a key information document will be 
prepared in the UK, "Not Applicable" should be 
specified. If the Notes may constitute "packaged" 
products and no key information document will 
be prepared, "Applicable" should be specified.)

--- Page 98 ---
98
(ix)
Prohibition of Sales to Belgian 
Consumers:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 99 ---
99
TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR THE ENGLISH LAW NOTES 
The following are the Terms and Conditions applicable to each Series of Notes to be governed under 
English Law (respectively, the “English Law Notes” or the “Notes” and the “Terms and Conditions 
for the English Law Notes” or the “Terms and Conditions”) which will be endorsed on each Global 
Note (as defined below) and each definitive Note, in the latter case only if permitted by the relevant 
stock exchange or other relevant authority (if any) and agreed by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer 
at the time of issue but, if not so permitted and agreed, such definitive Note will have endorsed 
thereon or attached thereto such Terms and Conditions. The applicable Pricing Supplement in 
relation to any Tranche of Exempt Notes may specify other terms and conditions which shall, to the 
extent so specified or to the extent inconsistent with the following Terms and Conditions, replace or 
modify the following Terms and Conditions for the purpose of such Notes. The form of Final Terms
(or the relevant provisions thereof) will be endorsed upon, or attached to, each Global Note and 
definitive Note. Reference should be made to "Form of Final Terms" for a description of the content 
of Final Terms which will specify which of such terms are to apply in relation to the relevant Notes.
This Note is one of a Series (as defined below) of Notes governed by English Law (the English Law 
Notes) issued by Banca Popolare di Sondrio S.C.p.A. (the Issuer) constituted by a Trust Deed (only 
for the English Law Notes) (such Trust Deed as modified and/or supplemented and/or restated from 
time to time, the Trust Deed) dated 8 October 2021 and made between the Issuer and Citibank, N.A., 
London Branch (the Trustee, which expression shall include any successor as Trustee).
References herein to the Notes shall be references to the Notes of this Series and shall mean:
(a)
in relation to any Notes represented by a global Note (a Global Note), units of each Specified 
Denomination in the Specified Currency;
(b)
any Global Note; and
(c)
any definitive Notes in bearer form (Bearer Notes) issued in exchange for a Global Note in 
bearer form.
The Notes, the Receipts (as defined below) and the Coupons (as defined below) have the benefit of an 
Agency Agreement for the English Law Notes (such Agency Agreement as amended and/or 
supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the Agency Agreement for the English Law Notes) 
dated 8 October 2021 and made between the Issuer, the Trustee, Citibank N.A., London Branch as 
issuing and principal paying agent (the Principal Paying Agent, which expression shall include any 
successor principal paying agent) and the other paying agents named therein (together with the 
Principal Paying Agent, the Paying Agents, which expression shall include any additional or 
successor paying agents). The Principal Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent (if any is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms) and the Paying Agents, together referred to as the Agents.
The final terms for this Note (or the relevant provisions thereof) are set out in Part A of the Final 
Terms attached to or endorsed on this Note which complete these Terms and Conditions for the 
English Law Notes (the Conditions) or, if this Note is a Note which is neither admitted to trading on 
(i) a regulated market in the European Economic Area or (ii) a UK regulated market as defined in 
Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018, nor offered in (i) the European Economic Area or (ii) the United Kingdom in 
circumstances where a prospectus is required to be published under the Prospectus Regulation or the 
Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as the case may be (an Exempt Note), the final terms (or 
the relevant provisions thereof) are set out in Part A of the Pricing Supplement and may specify other 
terms and conditions which shall, to the extent so specified or to the extent inconsistent with the 
Conditions, replace or modify the Conditions for the purposes of this Note. References to the form of

--- Page 100 ---
100
Final Terms are, unless otherwise stated, to Part A of the Final Terms (or the relevant provisions 
thereof) attached to or endorsed on this Note. Any reference in the Conditions to form of Final 
Terms shall be deemed to include a reference to applicable Pricing Supplement where relevant. The 
expression Prospectus Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129.
Interest bearing definitive Notes have interest coupons (Coupons) and, in the case of Notes which, 
when issued in definitive form, have more than 27 interest payments remaining, talons for further 
Coupons (Talons) attached on issue. Any reference herein to Coupons or coupons shall, unless the 
context otherwise requires, be deemed to include a reference to Talons or talons. Exempt Notes in 
definitive form which are repayable in instalments have receipts (Receipts) for the payment of the
instalments of principal (other than the final instalment) attached on issue. Global Notes do not have 
Receipts, Coupons or Talons attached on issue.
The Trustee acts for the benefit of the Noteholders (which expression shall mean the holders of the 
Notes and shall, in relation to any Notes represented by a Global Note, be construed as provided 
below), the holders of the Receipts (the Receiptholders) and the holders of the Coupons (the 
Couponholders, which expression shall, unless the context otherwise requires, include the holders of 
the Talons), in accordance with the provisions of the Trust Deed.
As used herein, Tranche means Notes which are identical in all respects (including as to listing and 
admission to trading) and Series means a Tranche of Notes together with any further Tranche or 
Tranches of Notes which (a) are expressed to be consolidated and form a single series and (b) have 
the same terms and conditions or terms and conditions which are the same in all respects save for the 
amount and date of the first payment of interest thereon and the date from which interest starts to 
accrue.
Copies of the Trust Deed and the Agency Agreement for the English Law Notes (i) are available for 
inspection or collection during normal business hours at the specified office of each of the Paying 
Agents or (ii) may be provided by email to a Noteholder following prior written request to the 
relevant Paying Agent therefor and provision of proof of holding and identity (in form satisfactory to 
the relevant Paying Agent, as the case may be). If the Notes are to be admitted to trading on the 
regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange the form of Final Terms will be published on 
the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu). If this Note is an Exempt Note, the 
applicable Pricing Supplement will only be obtainable by a Noteholder holding one or more Notes 
and such Noteholder must produce evidence satisfactory to the Issuer, the Trustee and the relevant 
Agent as to its holding of such Notes and identity. The Noteholders, the Receiptholders and the 
Couponholders are deemed to have notice of, and are entitled to the benefit of, all the provisions of 
the Trust Deed, the Agency Agreement for the English Law Notes and the form of Final Terms which 
are applicable to them. The statements in the Conditions include summaries of, and are subject to, the 
detailed provisions of the Trust Deed and the Agency Agreement for the English Law Notes.Words 
and expressions defined in the Trust Deed, the Agency Agreement for the English Law Notes or used 
in the form of Final Terms shall have the same meanings where used in the Conditions unless the 
context otherwise requires or unless otherwise stated and provided that, in the event of inconsistency 
between the Trust Deed and the Agency Agreement for the English Law Notes, the Trust Deed will 
prevail and, in the event of inconsistency between the Trust Deed or the Agency Agreement for the 
English Law Notes and the form of Final Terms, the form of Final Terms will prevail.
In the Conditions, euro means the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European 
economic and monetary union pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, as 
amended.
1.
FORM, DENOMINATION AND TITLE
The Notes are in bearer form and, in the case of definitive Notes, serially numbered, in the

--- Page 101 ---
101
currency (the Specified Currency) and the denominations (the Specified Denomination(s)) 
specified in the form of Final Terms, provided that (i) the minimum Specified Denomination 
of each Note which is specified in the form of Final Terms as being a Senior Note or a 
Subordinated Note shall be Euro 100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency as at the 
date of issue of the relevant Notes) and (ii) the minimum Specified Denomination of each 
Note which is specified in the form of Final Terms as being a Non-Preferred Senior Note 
shall be Euro 250,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency as at the date of issue of the 
relevant Notes). Notes of one Specified Denomination may not be exchanged for Notes of 
another Specified Denomination.
Unless this Note is an Exempt Note, this Note may be a Fixed Rate Note, a Reset Note, a 
Floating Rate Note or a Zero Coupon Note, or a combination of any of the foregoing, 
depending upon the Interest Basis shown in the form of Final Terms.
If this Note is an Exempt Note, this Note may be a Fixed Rate Note, a Reset Note, a Floating 
Rate Note, a Zero Coupon Note, an Index Linked Interest Note, a Dual Currency Interest 
Note or a combination of any of the foregoing, depending upon the Interest Basis shown in 
the applicable Pricing Supplement.
If this Note is an Exempt Note, this Note may also be an Index Linked Redemption Note, an 
Instalment Note, a Dual Currency Redemption Note, a Partly Paid Note or a combination of 
any of the foregoing, depending upon the Redemption/Payment Basis shown in the applicable 
Pricing Supplement.
This Note may also be a Senior Note, a Non-Preferred Senior Note or a Subordinated Note, as 
indicated in the form of Final Terms.
Definitive Notes are issued with Coupons attached, unless they are Zero Coupon Notes in 
which case references to Coupons and Couponholders in the Conditions are not applicable.
Subject as set out below, title to the Notes, Receipts and Coupons will pass by delivery in 
accordance with applicable laws. The Issuer, the Trustee and any Agent will (except as 
otherwise required by law) deem and treat the bearer of any Note, Receipt or Coupon as the 
absolute owner thereof (whether or not overdue and notwithstanding any notice of ownership
or writing thereon or notice of any previous loss or theft thereof) for all purposes but, in the 
case of any Global Note, without prejudice to the provisions set out in the next succeeding 
paragraph.
For so long as any of the Notes is represented by a Global Note held on behalf of Euroclear 
Bank SA/NV (Euroclear) and/or Clearstream Banking S.A. (Clearstream, Luxembourg), 
each person (other than Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg) who is for the time being 
shown in the records of Euroclear or of Clearstream, Luxembourg as the holder of a particular 
nominal amount of such Notes (in which regard any certificate or other document issued by 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as to the nominal amount of such Notes standing to 
the account of any person shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes save in the case of 
manifest error) shall be treated by the Issuer, the Trustee and the Agents as the holder of such 
nominal amount of such Notes for all purposes other than with respect to the payment of 
principal or interest on such nominal amount of such Notes, for which purpose the bearer of 
the relevant Global Note shall be treated by the Issuer, the Trustee and any Agent as the 
holder of such nominal amount of such Notes in accordance with and subject to the terms of 
the relevant Global Note and the expressions Noteholder and holder of Notes and related 
expressions shall be construed accordingly.
In determining whether a particular person is entitled to a particular nominal amount of Notes

--- Page 102 ---
102
as aforesaid, the Trustee may rely on such evidence and/or information and/or certification as 
it shall, in its absolute discretion, think fit and, if it does so rely, such evidence and/or 
information and/or certification shall, in the absence of manifest error, be conclusive and 
binding on all concerned.
Notes which are represented by a Global Note will be transferable only in accordance with the 
rules and procedures for the time being of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the 
case may be. References to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, whenever the 
context so permits, be deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing 
system specified in Part B of the form of Final Terms.
2.
STATUS OF THE NOTES AND SUBORDINATION
The form of Final Terms will indicate whether the Notes are Senior Notes, Non-Preferred 
Senior Notes or Subordinated Notes and, in the case of Subordinated Notes, the applicable 
subordination provisions.
2.1
Status of the Senior Notes
The Senior Notes and any relative Receipts and Coupons constitute direct, unconditional, 
unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the Issuer, ranking (subject to any obligations 
preferred by any applicable law) pari passu with all other unsecured obligations (other than 
obligations ranking junior to the Senior Notes from time to time (including Non-Preferred 
Senior Notes and any further obligations permitted by law to rank, or expressed to rank,
junior to the Senior Notes, on or following the Issue Date), if any) of the Issuer, present and 
future and pari passu and rateably without any preference among themselves. 
Each holder of a Senior Note unconditionally and irrevocably waives any right of set-off, 
netting, counterclaim, abatement or other similar remedy which it might otherwise have under 
the laws of any jurisdiction in respect of such Senior Note. 
For the avoidance of doubt, there is no negative pledge provision in these Conditions.
2.2
Status of the Non-Preferred Senior Notes
(a)
The Non-Preferred Senior Notes (being Notes intended to qualify as strumenti di debito 
chirografario di secondo livello of the Issuer, as defined under Article 12-bis of the Italian 
Consolidated Banking Act), any related Receipts and Coupons constitute direct, 
unconditional, unsubordinated, and unsecured and non-preferred obligations of the Issuer. In 
the event of the liquidation of the Issuer (including in the event that the Issuer becomes 
subject to an order for Liquidazione Coatta Amministrativa, as defined in the Italian 
Consolidated Banking Act) or insolvency of the Issuer, the payment obligations of the Issuer 
under the Non-Preferred Senior Notes and any relative Receipts and Coupons will rank in 
right of payment:
(i)
junior to Senior Notes and any other unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the 
Issuer which rank, or are expressed to rank by their terms, senior to the Non-Preferred 
Senior Notes,
(ii)
pari passu without any preference among themselves, with all other present or future 
obligations of the Issuer which do not rank or are not expressed by their terms to rank 
junior or senior to the relevant Non-Preferred Senior Notes; and
(iii)
in priority to any subordinated instruments and to the claims of shareholders of the

--- Page 103 ---
103
Issuer, pursuant to Article 91, section 1-bis, letter c-bis of the Italian Consolidated 
Banking Act.
(b)
Each holder of a Non-Preferred Senior Note unconditionally and irrevocably waives any right 
of set-off, netting, counterclaim, abatement or other similar remedy which it might otherwise 
have under the laws of any jurisdiction in respect of such Non-Preferred Senior Note.
(c) For the avoidance of doubt, there is no negative pledge provision in these Conditions.
2.3
Status of the Subordinated Notes
(a)
The Subordinated Notes (being Notes intended to qualify as Tier 2 capital for regulatory 
capital purposes, in accordance with Part II, Chapter 1 of the Bank of Italy's Disposizioni di 
Vigilanza Prudenziale per le Banche, as set out in Bank of Italy Circular No. 285 of 17 
December 2013, as amended or supplemented from time to time, including any successor 
regulations, and Article 63 of CRR) and any relative Receipts and Coupons constitute direct, 
unconditional, unsecured and subordinated obligations of the Issuer and, in the event of the 
liquidation of the Issuer (including in the event that the Issuer becomes subject to an order for
Liquidazione Coatta Amministrativa, as defined in the Italian Consolidated Banking Act) or 
insolvency of the Issuer, the payment obligations of the Issuer under the Subordinated Notes 
and any relative Receipts and Coupons will rank in right of payment (a) after all 
unsubordinated, unsecured creditors (including depositors and holders of Senior Notes and 
Non-Preferred Senior Notes) of the Issuer and after all creditors of the Issuer holding 
instruments that are or are expressed by their terms to be less subordinated than the relevant 
Subordinated Notes; (b) at least pari passu without any preference among themselves with all 
other present and future subordinated obligations of the Issuer, that are not expressed by their 
terms to rank or which do not rank junior or senior to the relevant Subordinated Notes, save 
of those preferred by mandatory and/or overriding provisions of law; and (c) in priority to the 
claims of shareholders of the Issuer and to all other present and future subordinated 
obligations of the Issuer which rank or are expressed by their terms to rank junior to the 
relevant Subordinated Notes.
(b)
In relation to each Series of Subordinated Notes all Subordinated Notes of such Series will be 
treated equally and all amounts paid by the Issuer in respect of principal and interest thereon 
will be paid pro rata on all Subordinated Notes of such Series.
(c)
Each holder of a Subordinated Note unconditionally and irrevocably waives any right of set-
off, netting, counterclaim, abatement or other similar remedy which it might otherwise have, 
under the laws of any jurisdiction, in respect of such Subordinated Note.
(d)
For the avoidance of doubt, there is no negative pledge provision in these Conditions.
3.
INTEREST
3.1
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes
This Condition 3.1 applies to Fixed Rate Notes only. The form of Final Terms contains 
provisions applicable to the determination of fixed rate interest and must be read in 
conjunction with this Condition 3.1 for full information on the manner in which interest is 
calculated on Fixed Rate Notes. In particular, the form of Final Terms will specify the Interest 
Commencement Date, the Rate(s) of Interest, the Interest Payment Date(s), the Maturity Date, 
the Fixed Coupon Amount, any applicable Broken Amount, the Calculation Amount, the Day 
Count Fraction and any applicable Determination Date.

--- Page 104 ---
104
Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date at 
the rate(s) per annum equal to the Rate(s) of Interest. Interest will be payable in arrear on the 
Interest Payment Date(s) in each year up to (but excluding) the Maturity Date. The Rate of 
Interest may be specified in the form of Final Terms either (i) as the same Rate of Interest for 
all Fixed Interest Periods or (ii) as a different Rate of Interest in respect of one or more Fixed 
Interest Periods.
If the Notes are in definitive form, except as provided in the form of Final Terms, the amount 
of interest payable on each Interest Payment Date in respect of the Fixed Interest Period 
ending on (but excluding) such date will amount to the Fixed Coupon Amount. Payments of 
interest on any Interest Payment Date will, if so specified in the form of Final Terms, amount 
to the Broken Amount so specified.
As used in the Conditions, Fixed Interest Period means the period from (and including) an 
Interest Payment Date (or the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or 
first) Interest Payment Date.
Except in the case of Notes in definitive form where an applicable Fixed Coupon Amount or 
Broken Amount is specified in the form of Final Terms, interest shall be calculated in respect 
of any period by applying the Rate of Interest to:
(a)
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes which are represented by a Global Note, the 
aggregate outstanding nominal amount of the Fixed Rate Notes represented by such 
Global Note (or, if they are Partly Paid Notes, the aggregate amount paid up); or
(b)
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes in definitive form, the Calculation Amount;
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction.
The resultant figure (including after application of any Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken 
Amount to the Calculation Amount in the case of Fixed Rate Notes in definitive form) shall 
be rounded to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-
unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention.
Where the Specified Denomination of a Fixed Rate Note in definitive form is a multiple of 
the Calculation Amount, the amount of interest payable in respect of such Fixed Rate Note 
shall be the product of the amount (determined in the manner provided above) for the 
Calculation Amount and the amount by which the Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach 
the Specified Denomination, without any further rounding.
Day Count Fraction means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest, in 
accordance with this Condition 3.1:
(i)
if "Actual/Actual (ICMA)" is specified in the form of Final Terms:
(A)
in the case of Notes where the number of days in the relevant period from 
(and including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the 
Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date 
(the Accrual Period) is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period 
during which the Accrual Period ends, the number of days in such Accrual 
Period divided by the product of (1) the number of days in such 
Determination Period and (2) the number of Determination Dates (as 
specified in the form of Final Terms) that would occur in one calendar year; 
or

--- Page 105 ---
105
(B)
in the case of Notes where the Accrual Period is longer than the 
Determination Period during which the Accrual Period ends, the sum of:
(1)
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the 
Determination Period in which the Accrual Period begins divided by 
the product of (x) the number of days in such Determination Period 
and (y) the number of Determination Dates that would occur in one 
calendar year; and
(2)
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the next 
Determination Period divided by the product of (x) the number of 
days in such Determination Period and (y) the number of 
Determination Dates that would occur in one calendar year; and
(ii)
if "30/360" is specified in the form of Final Terms, the number of days in the period
from (and including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date (such number of 
days being calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with 12 30-day months) 
divided by 360.
In these Conditions:
Determination Period means each period from (and including) a Determination Date to (but 
excluding) the next Determination Date (including, where either the Interest Commencement 
Date or the final Interest Payment Date is not a Determination Date, the period commencing 
on the first Determination Date prior to, and ending on the first Determination Date falling 
after, such date); and
sub-unit means, with respect to any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such 
currency that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, with respect to 
euro, one cent.
Fixed Rate Notes (other than Subordinated Notes) may also include interest step-up or step-
down provisions whereby the Rate of Interest payable increases or decreases, respectively, at 
pre-determined periods to a pre-determined percentage per annum (as specified in the form of 
Final Terms for such Notes). 
3.2
Interest on Reset Notes
(a)
Rates of Interest and Interest Payment Dates
Each Reset Note bears interest: 
(i)
from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date until (but excluding) the First 
Reset Date at the Initial Rate of Interest;
(ii)
from (and including) the First Reset Date until (but excluding) the Second Reset Date 
or, if no such Second Reset Date is specified in the form of Final Terms, the Maturity 
Date at the rate per annum equal to the [First Reset Rate of Interest]; and
(iii)
for each Subsequent Reset Period thereafter (if any), at the relevant Subsequent Reset 
Rate of Interest,
payable, in each case, in arrear on each Interest Payment Date and on the Maturity Date if that

--- Page 106 ---
106
does not fall on an Interest Payment Date. The Rate of Interest and the Interest Amount 
payable shall be determined by the Calculation Agent, (A) in the case of the Rate of Interest, 
at or as soon as practicable after each time at which the Rate of Interest is to be determined,
subject to Condition 3.4 (Benchmark Discontinuation) and (B) in the case of the Interest 
Amount in accordance with the provisions for calculating amounts of interest in 
Condition 3.1.
(b)
Reset Reference Rate Conversion
This Condition 3.2(b) is only applicable if Reset Reference Rate Conversion is specified in 
the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing 
Supplement as being applicable.
The First Reset Rate of Interest and, if applicable, each Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest will 
be converted from the Original Reset Reference Rate Payment Basis specified in the 
applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement to 
a basis which matches the frequency of Interest Payment Dates in respect of the relevant 
Notes.
For the purposes of the Conditions:
First Margin means the margin specified as such in the form of Final Terms;
First Reset Date means the date specified in the form of Final Terms;
First Reset Period means the period from (and including) the First Reset Date until (but 
excluding) the Second Reset Date or, if no such Second Reset Date is specified in the form of 
Final Terms, the Maturity Date;
First Reset Rate of Interest means, in respect of the First Reset Period and subject to 
Condition 3.2(c), the rate of interest determined by the Calculation Agent on the relevant 
Reset Determination Date as the sum of the relevant Mid-Swap Rate and the First Margin, 
subject to Condition 3.2(b);
Initial Rate of Interest has the meaning specified in the form of Final Terms;
Mid-Market Swap Rate means for any Reset Period the mean of the bid and offered rates 
for the fixed leg payable with a frequency equivalent to the Original Reset Reference Rate 
Payment Basis (calculated on the day count basis customary for fixed rate payments in the 
Specified Currency as determined by the Calculation Agent) of a fixed-for-floating interest 
rate swap transaction in the Specified Currency which transaction (i) has a term equal to the 
relevant Reset Period and commencing on the relevant Reset Date, (ii) is in an amount that is 
representative for a single transaction in the relevant market at the relevant time with an 
acknowledged dealer of good credit in the swap market and (iii) has a floating leg based on 
the Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate for the Mid-Swap Maturity (as specified in the 
form of Final Terms) (calculated on the day count basis customary for floating rate payments 
in the Specified Currency as determined by the Calculation Agent);
Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation means a quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per 
annum) for the relevant Mid-Market Swap Rate;
Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate means EURIBOR if the Specified Currency is 
euro;

--- Page 107 ---
107
Mid-Swap Rate means, in relation to a Reset Determination Date and subject to Condition 
3.2(c)0, either:
(i)
if Single Mid-Swap Rate is specified in the form of Final Terms, the rate for swaps in 
the Specified Currency:
(A)
with a term equal to the relevant Reset Period; and
(B)
commencing on the relevant Reset Date,
which appears on the Relevant Screen Page; or
(ii)
if Mean Mid-Swap Rate is specified in the form of Final Terms, the arithmetic mean 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum and rounded, if necessary, to the nearest 
0.001 per cent. (0.0005 per cent. being rounded upwards)) of the bid and offered 
swap rate quotations for swaps in the Specified Currency:
(A)
with a term equal to the relevant Reset Period; and 
(B)
commencing on the relevant Reset Date, 
which appear on the Relevant Screen Page,
in either case, as at approximately 11.00 a.m. in the principal financial centre of the Specified 
Currency on such Reset Determination Date, all as determined by the Calculation Agent;
Original Reset Reference Rate Payment Basis has the meaning specified in the applicable 
Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement. In the case 
of Notes other than Exempt Notes, the Original Reset Reference Rate Payment Basis shall be 
annual, semi-annual, quarterly or monthly;
Rate of Interest means the Initial Rate of Interest, the First Reset Rate of Interest or the 
Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest, as applicable;
Relevant Margin means, in respect of a Reset Period, whichever of the First Margin or the 
Subsequent Margin is applicable for the purpose of determining the Rate of Interest in respect 
of such Reset Period;
Reset Date means the First Reset Date, the Second Reset Date and each Subsequent Reset 
Date (as applicable);
Reset Determination Date means, in respect of the First Reset Period, the second Business 
Day prior to the First Reset Date, in respect of the first Subsequent Reset Period, the second 
Business Day prior to the Second Reset Date and, in respect of each Subsequent Reset Period 
thereafter, the second Business Day prior to the first day of each such Subsequent Reset 
Period;
Reset Period means the First Reset Period or a Subsequent Reset Period, as the case may be;
Second Reset Date means the date specified in the form of Final Terms;
Subsequent Margin means the margin specified as such in the form of Final Terms;
Subsequent Reset Date means the date or dates specified in the form of Final Terms;

--- Page 108 ---
108
Subsequent Reset Period means the period from (and including) the Second Reset Date to 
(but excluding) the next Subsequent Reset Date, and each successive period from (and 
including) a Subsequent Reset Date to (but excluding) the next succeeding Subsequent Reset 
Date; and
Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest means, in respect of any Subsequent Reset Period and 
subject to Condition3.2(c), the rate of interest determined by the Calculation Agent on the 
relevant Reset Determination Date as the sum of the relevant Mid-Swap Rate and the relevant 
Subsequent Margin, subject to Condition 3.2(b).
(c)
Fallbacks
If on any Reset Determination Date the Relevant Screen Page is not available or the Mid-
Swap Rate does not appear on the Relevant Screen Page, the Calculation Agent shall, subject 
as provided in Condition 3.4 (Benchmark Discontinuation), request each of the Reference 
Banks (as defined below) to provide the Calculation Agent with its Mid-Market Swap Rate 
Quotation as at approximately 11.00 a.m. in the principal financial centre of the Specified 
Currency on the Reset Determination Date in question. 
If two or more of the Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent with Mid-Market Swap 
Rate Quotations, the First Reset Rate of Interest or the Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest (as 
applicable) for the relevant Reset Period shall be the sum of the arithmetic mean (rounded, if 
necessary, to the nearest 0.001 per cent. (0.0005 per cent. being rounded upwards)) of the 
relevant Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotations and the First Margin or Subsequent Margin (as 
applicable), all as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
If on any Reset Determination Date only one or none of the Reference Banks provides the 
Calculation Agent with a Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation as provided in the foregoing 
provisions of this paragraph, the First Reset Rate of Interest or the Subsequent Reset Rate of 
Interest (as applicable) shall be determined to be equal to the sum of (A) the last observable 
rate for swaps in the Specified Currency with a term equal to the relevant Reset Period which 
appears on the Relevant Screen Page and (B) the Relevant Margin.
For the purposes of this Condition 3.2(c) Reference Banks means the principal office in the 
principal financial centre of the Specified Currency of four major banks in the swap, money, 
securities or other market most closely connected with the relevant Mid-Swap Rate as 
selected by the Issuer on the advice of an investment bank of international repute.
3.3
Interest on Floating Rate Notes
(a)
Interest Payment Dates
This Condition 3.3 applies to Floating Rate Notes only. The form of Final Terms contains 
provisions applicable to the determination of floating rate interest and must be read in 
conjunction with this Condition 3.3 for full information on the manner in which interest is 
calculated on Floating Rate Notes. In particular, the form of Final Terms will identify any 
Specified Interest Payment Dates, any Specified Period, the Interest Commencement Date, 
the Business Day
Convention, any Additional Business Centres, whether ISDA 
Determination or Screen Rate Determination applies to the calculation of interest, the party 
who will calculate the amount of interest due if it is not the Principal Paying Agent, the 
Margin, any maximum or minimum interest rates and the Day Count Fraction. Where ISDA 
Determination applies to the calculation of interest, the form of Final Terms will also specify 
the applicable Floating Rate Option, Designated Maturity and Reset Date. Where Screen Rate 
Determination applies to the calculation of interest, the form of Final Terms will also specify

--- Page 109 ---
109
the applicable Reference Rate, Interest Determination Date(s) and Relevant Screen Page. 
Each Floating Rate Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date 
and such interest will be payable in arrear on either:
(i)
the Specified Interest Payment Date(s) in each year specified in the form of Final 
Terms; or
(ii)
if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are specified in the form of Final Terms,
each date (each such date, together with each Specified Interest Payment Date, an 
Interest Payment Date) which falls the number of months or other period specified 
as the Specified Period in the form of Final Terms after the preceding Interest 
Payment Date or, in the case of the first Interest Payment Date, after the Interest 
Commencement Date.
Such interest will be payable in respect of each Interest Period. In these Conditions, Interest 
Period means the period from (and including) an Interest Payment Date (or the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest Payment Date or the 
relevant payment date if the Notes become payable on a date other than an Interest Payment 
Date.
If a Business Day Convention is specified in the form of Final Terms and (x) if there is no 
numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which an Interest Payment Date 
should occur or (y) if any Interest Payment Date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a 
Business Day, then, if the Business Day Convention specified is:
(A)
in any case where Specified Periods are specified in accordance with Condition 
3.3(a), the Floating Rate Convention, such Interest Payment Date (a) in the case of (x) 
above, shall be the last day that is a Business Day in the relevant month and the 
provisions of (ii) below shall apply mutatis mutandis or (b) in the case of (y) above, 
shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby 
fall into the next calendar month, in which event (i) such Interest Payment Date shall 
be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day and (ii) each 
subsequent Interest Payment Date shall be the last Business Day in the month which 
falls the Specified Period after the preceding applicable Interest Payment Date 
occurred; or
(B)
the Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be 
postponed to the next day which is a Business Day; or
(C)
the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall 
be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into 
the next calendar month, in which event such Interest Payment Date shall be brought 
forward to the immediately preceding Business Day; or
(D)
the Preceding Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be brought 
forward to the immediately preceding Business Day.
In these Conditions, Business Day means:
(a)
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and 
are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign 
currency deposits) in each Additional Business Centre (other than TARGET2 
System) specified in the form of Final Terms;

--- Page 110 ---
110
(b)
if TARGET2 System is specified as an Additional Business Centre in the form of 
Final Terms, a day on which the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross 
Settlement Express Transfer (TARGET2) System (the TARGET2 System) is open; 
and
(c)
either (1) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a 
day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and 
are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign 
currency deposits) in the principal financial centre of the country of the relevant 
Specified Currency (which if the Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New 
Zealand dollars shall be Sydney and Auckland, respectively) or (2) in relation to any 
sum payable in euro, a day on which the TARGET2 System is open.
Floating Rate Notes (other than Subordinated Notes) may also include interest step-up or 
step-down provisions whereby the Margin increases or decreases, respectively, at pre-
determined periods to a pre-determined percentage per annum (as specified in the form of 
Final Terms for such Notes).
(b)
Rate of Interest
The Rate of Interest payable from time to time in respect of Floating Rate Notes will be 
determined in the manner specified in the form of Final Terms.
(i)
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Notes
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the form of Final Terms as the manner in 
which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest 
Period will be the relevant ISDA Rate plus or minus (as indicated in the form of Final 
Terms) the Margin (if any). For the purposes of this subparagraph (i), ISDA Rate for 
an Interest Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate that would be determined 
by the Calculation Agent under an interest rate swap transaction under the terms of an 
agreement incorporating (i) if “2006 ISDA Definitions” is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, the 2006 ISDA Definitions, as published by the International Swaps and
Derivatives Association, Inc. (ISDA) and as amended and updated as at the Issue 
Date of the first Tranche of the Notes; or (ii) if “2021 ISDA Definitions” is specified 
in the applicable Final Terms the latest version of the 2021 ISDA Interest Rate 
Derivatives Definitions as published by ISDA as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche 
of the Notes; (together, the ISDA Definitions) and under which:
(A)
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the form of Final Terms;
(B)
the Designated Maturity is a period specified in the form of Final Terms; and
(C)
the relevant Reset Date is the day specified in the form of Final Terms.
For the purposes of this subparagraph (i), Floating Rate, Floating Rate Option, 
Calculation Agent, Designated Maturity and Reset Date have the meanings given 
to those terms in the ISDA Definitions.
Unless otherwise stated in the form of Final Terms the Minimum Rate of Interest 
shall be deemed to be zero.
(ii)
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes

--- Page 111 ---
111
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the form of Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each 
Interest Period will, subject to Condition 3.4 (Benchmark Discontinuation), be either:
(A)
the offered quotation; or
(B)
the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with
0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the offered quotations,
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate (being EURIBOR, 
as specified in the form of Final Terms) which appears or appear, as the case may be, 
on the Relevant Screen Page (or such replacement page on that service which 
displays the information) at the Specified Time on the Interest Determination Date in 
question plus or minus (as indicated in the form of Final Terms) the Margin (if any), 
all as determined by the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as 
applicable. If five or more of such offered quotations are available on the Relevant 
Screen Page, the highest (or, if there is more than one such highest quotation, one 
only of such quotations) and the lowest (or, if there is more than one such lowest 
quotation, one only of such quotations) shall be disregarded by the Principal Paying 
Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable for the purpose of determining the 
arithmetic mean (rounded as provided above) of such offered quotations.
If the Relevant Screen Page is not available or if, in the case of paragraph (A) above, 
no such offered quotation appears or, in the case of paragraph (B) above, fewer than 
three such offered quotations appear, in each case as at the Specified Time, the 
Principal Paying Agent shall request each of the Reference Banks to provide the 
Principal Paying Agent with its offered quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per 
annum) for the Reference Rate at approximately the Specified Time on the Interest 
Determination Date in question. If two or more of the Reference Banks provide the
Principal Paying Agent with offered quotations, the Rate of Interest for the Interest 
Period shall be the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place 
with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the offered quotations plus or minus (as
appropriate) the Margin (if any), all as determined by the Principal Paying Agent.
If on any Interest Determination Date one only or none of the Reference Banks 
provides the Principal Paying Agent with an offered quotation as provided in the 
preceding paragraph, the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Period shall be the 
rate per annum which the Principal Paying Agent determines as being the arithmetic 
mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded 
upwards) of the rates, as communicated to (and at the request of) the Principal Paying 
Agent by the Reference Banks or any two or more of them, at which such banks were 
offered, at approximately the Specified Time on the relevant Interest Determination 
Date, deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have 
been used for the Reference Rate by leading banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank 
market plus or minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any) or, if fewer than two of the 
Reference Banks provide the Principal Paying Agent with offered rates, the offered 
rate for deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would 
have been used for the Reference Rate, or the arithmetic mean (rounded as provided 
above) of the offered rates for deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to 
that which would have been used for the Reference Rate, at which, at approximately 
the Specified Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date, any one or more 
banks (which bank or banks is or are in the opinion of the Issuer suitable for the 
purpose) informs the Principal Paying Agent it is quoting to leading banks in the the 
Euro-zone inter-bank market plus or minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any),

--- Page 112 ---
112
provided that, if the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the 
foregoing provisions of this paragraph, the Rate of Interest shall be determined as at 
the last preceding Interest Determination Date (though substituting, where a different 
Margin is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the 
last preceding Interest Period, the Margin relating to the relevant Interest Period in 
place of the Margin relating to that last preceding Interest Period).
In the case of Exempt Notes, if the Reference Rate from time to time in respect of 
Floating Rate Notes is specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement as being other 
than EURIBOR, the Rate of Interest in respect of the Notes will be determined as 
provided in the applicable Pricing Supplement.
Unless otherwise stated in the form of Final Terms the Minimum Rate of Interest 
shall be deemed to be zero.
Specified Time means 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time, for determination of EURIBOR).
For the purposes of this Condition 3.3(b)(ii) Reference Banks means the principal 
Euro-zone office of four major banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market, in each 
case selected by the Issuer.
(c)
Minimum Rate of Interest and/or Maximum Rate of Interest
If the form of Final Terms specifies a Minimum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, then, 
in the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in 
accordance with the provisions of paragraph (b) above is less than such Minimum Rate of 
Interest, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be such Minimum Rate of Interest.
If the form of Final Terms specifies a Maximum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, then, 
in the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in 
accordance with the provisions of paragraph (b) above is greater than such Maximum Rate of 
Interest, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be such Maximum Rate of Interest.
(d)
Determination of Rate of Interest and calculation of Interest Amounts
The Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, will at or as soon as 
practicable after each time at which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, determine the 
Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Period.
The Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, will calculate the amount 
of interest (the Interest Amount) payable on the Floating Rate Notes for the relevant Interest 
Period by applying the Rate of Interest to:
(i)
in the case of Floating Rate Notes which are represented by a Global Note, the 
aggregate outstanding nominal amount of the Notes represented by such Global Note 
(or, if they are Partly Paid Notes, the aggregate amount paid up); or
(ii)
in the case of Floating Rate Notes in definitive form, the Calculation Amount;
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding 
the resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such 
sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market 
convention. Where the Specified Denomination of a Floating Rate Note in definitive form is a 
multiple of the Calculation Amount, the Interest Amount payable in respect of such Note shall

--- Page 113 ---
113
be the product of the amount (determined in the manner provided above) for the Calculation 
Amount and the amount by which the Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach the Specified 
Denomination without any further rounding.
Day Count Fraction means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest in 
accordance with this Condition 3.3:
(i)
if "Actual/Actual (ISDA)" or "Actual/Actual" is specified in the form of Final Terms, 
the actual number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of 
that Interest Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (I) the actual number of days in 
that portion of the Interest Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (II) the 
actual number of days in that portion of the Interest Period falling in a non-leap year 
divided by 365);
(ii)
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is specified in the form of Final Terms, the actual number of 
days in the Interest Period divided by 365;
(iii)
if "Actual/365 (Sterling)" is specified in the form of Final Terms, the actual number 
of days in the Interest Period divided by 365 or, in the case of an Interest Payment 
Date falling in a leap year, 366;
(iv)
if "Actual/360" is specified in the form of Final Terms, the actual number of days in 
the Interest Period divided by 360;
(v)
if "30/360", "360/360" or "Bond Basis" is specified in the form of Final Terms, the 
number of days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as 
follows:
Day Count Fraction = 









360
1
D
2
D
1
M
2
M
30
1
Y
2
Y
360







where:
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period 
falls;
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day of the Interest Period falls;
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls;
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls;
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such 
number is 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater 
than 29, in which case D2 will be 30;
(vi)
if "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is specified in the form of Final Terms, the number 
of days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as

--- Page 114 ---
114
follows:
Day Count Fraction = 









360
1
D
2
D
1
M
2
M
30
1
Y
2
Y
360







where:
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period 
falls;
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day of the Interest Period falls;
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls;
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls;
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 
will be 30;
(vii)
if "30E/360 (ISDA)" is specified in the form of Final Terms, the number of days in 
the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows:
Day Count Fraction = 









360
1
D
2
D
1
M
2
M
30
1
Y
2
Y
360







where:
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period 
falls;
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day of the Interest Period falls;
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls;
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls;
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless (i) 
that day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 
will be 30; and
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Interest Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not 
the Maturity Date or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30.

--- Page 115 ---
115
(e)
Linear Interpolation
Where Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Period in the 
form of Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be calculated by the 
Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable by straight line linear 
interpolation by reference to two rates based on the relevant Reference Rate (where Screen 
Rate Determination is specified as applicable in the form of Final Terms) or the relevant 
Floating Rate Option (where ISDA Determination is specified as applicable in the form of 
Final Terms), one of which shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period 
of time for which rates are available next shorter than the length of the relevant Interest 
Period and the other of which shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the 
period of time for which rates are available next longer than the length of the relevant Interest 
Period provided however that if there is no rate available for a period of time next shorter or, 
as the case may be, next longer, then the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as 
applicable, shall determine such rate at such time and by reference to such sources as it 
determines appropriate. 
Designated Maturity means, in relation to Screen Rate Determination, the period of time 
designated in the Reference Rate.
(f)
Notification of Rate of Interest and Interest Amounts
The Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, will cause the Rate of 
Interest and each Interest Amount for each Interest Period and the relevant Interest Payment 
Date to be notified to the Issuer, the Trustee and any stock exchange on which the relevant 
Floating Rate Notes are for the time being listed (by no later than the first day of each Interest 
Period) and notice thereof to be published in accordance with Condition 12 as soon as 
possible after their determination but in no event later than the fourth London Business Day 
thereafter. Each Interest Amount and Interest Payment Date so notified may subsequently be 
amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of adjustment) without prior 
notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the Interest Period. Any such amendment 
will promptly be notified to each stock exchange on which the relevant Floating Rate Notes 
are for the time being listed and to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 12. For the 
purposes of this Condition 3.3, the expression London Business Day means a day (other than 
a Saturday or a Sunday) on which banks and foreign exchange markets are open for general 
business in London.
(g)
Certificates to be final
All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, quotations and 
decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this 
Condition 3.3 by the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, shall (in 
the absence of manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the Trustee, the Principal Paying 
Agent, the other Agents and all Noteholders, Receiptholders and Couponholders and (in the 
absence of wilful misconduct, gross negligence or fraud) no liability to the Issuer, the Trustee, 
the Noteholders, the Receiptholders or the Couponholders shall attach to the Principal Paying 
Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, or the Trustee in connection with the exercise 
or non exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions pursuant to such provisions. 
3.4
Benchmark Discontinuation
This Condition 3.4 is applicable to Notes only if the Floating Rate Note Provisions or the 
Reset Note Provisions are specified in the form of Final Terms as being applicable.

--- Page 116 ---
116
(a)       Independent Adviser
Notwithstanding the provisions above in Condition 3.3 (Interest on Floating Rate Notes) or 
Condition 3.2 (Interest on Reset Notes), if a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to an 
Original Reference Rate when any Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) remains to 
be determined by reference to such Original Reference Rate, then the Issuer shall use its 
reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser, as soon as reasonably practicable, 
to determine a Successor Rate, failing which an Alternative Rate (in accordance with 
Condition 3.4(b) (Successor Rate or Alternative Rate)) and, in either case, an Adjustment 
Spread if any (in accordance with Condition 3.4(c) (Adjustment Spread)) and whether any 
Benchmark Amendments (in accordance with Condition 3.4(d) (Benchmark Amendments))
are necessary to ensure the proper operation of such Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and/or 
Adjustment Spread.
An Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 3.4(a) shall act in good faith 
and in a commercially reasonable manner as an expert and in consultation with the Issuer. In 
the absence of bad faith, fraud and gross negligence, the Independent Adviser shall have no 
liability whatsoever to the Issuer, the party responsible for determining the Rate of Interest 
applicable to the Notes (being the Principal Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent or such 
other party specified in the form of Final Terms) any Paying Agent, the Trustee, the 
Noteholders, the Receiptholders or the Couponholders for any determination made by it 
pursuant to this Condition 3.4.
If (i) the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser; or (ii) the Independent Adviser 
appointed by it fails to determine a Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Rate in 
accordance with this Condition 3.4(a) prior to the relevant Interest Determination Date or 
Reset Determination Date, as the case may be, the Issuer (acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner) may determine a Successor Rate or, failing which, an 
Alternative Rate, provided however that if the Issuer is unable or unwilling to determine a 
Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Rate in accordance with this Condition 3.4(a) 
prior to the relevant Interest Determination Date or Reset Determination Date, as the case 
may be, (i) in the case of the Rate of Interest on Floating Rate Notes, the Rate of Interest 
applicable to the next succeeding Interest Period shall be equal to the Rate of Interest last 
determined in relation to the Notes in respect of the immediately preceding Interest Period or 
(ii) in the case of the First Reset Rate of Interest or in the case of the Subsequent Reset Rate 
of Interest on Reset Notes, the First Reset Rate of Interest or the Subsequent Reset Rate of 
Interest (as applicable) shall be determined to be equal to the sum of (A) the last observable 
rate for swaps in the Specified Currency with a term equal to the relevant Reset Period which 
appears on the Relevant Screen Page and (B) the Relevant Margin.. If there has not been a 
first Interest Payment Date or First Reset Date, the Rate of Interest for Floating Rate Notes 
shall be the initial Rate of Interest and the Rate of Interest for Reset Notes shall be the Initial 
Rate of Interest (as applicable). Where a different Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of 
Interest or First Margin or Subsequent Margin (as applicable) is to be applied to the relevant 
Interest Period or Reset Period (as applicable) from that which applied to the last preceding 
Interest Period or Reset Period (as applicable), the Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of 
Interest or First Margin or Subsequent Margin (as applicable) relating to the relevant Interest 
Period or Reset Period (as applicable) shall be substituted in place of the Margin or Maximum 
or Minimum Rate of Interest or First Margin or Subsequent Margin relating to that last 
preceding Interest Period or Reset Period (as applicable). For the avoidance of doubt, this 
Condition 3.4(a) shall apply to the relevant next succeeding Interest Period or Reset Period 
(as applicable) only and any subsequent Interest Periods or Reset Periods (as applicable) are 
subject to the subsequent operation of, and to adjustment as provided in, this Condition 3.4(a).

--- Page 117 ---
117
(b)      Successor Rate or Alternative Rate
If the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (if it is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or 
if the Independent Adviser appointed by it fails to determine a Successor Rate or, failing 
which, an Alternative Rate in accordance with Condition 3.4(a) (Independent Adviser) prior 
to the relevant Interest Determination Date or Reset Determination Date, as the case may be) 
acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner determines that:
(i)
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate shall (subject to adjustment as 
provided in Condition 3.4(c) (Adjustment Spread)) subsequently be used in place of the 
Original Reference Rate to determine the Rate of Interest (or the relevant component 
part thereof) for all future payments of interest on the Notes (subject to the operation of 
this Condition 3.4); or
(ii)
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then such Alternative 
Rate shall (subject to adjustment as provided in Condition 3.4(c) (Adjustment Spread) 
subsequently be used in place of the Original Reference Rate to determine the Rate of 
Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) for all future payments of interest on 
the Notes (subject to the operation of this Condition 3.4).
(c)       Adjustment Spread
If the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (if it is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or 
if the Independent Adviser appointed by it fails to determine a Successor Rate or, failing 
which, an Alternative Rate in accordance with Condition 3.4(a) (Independent Adviser) prior 
to the relevant Interest Determination Date or Reset Determination Date, as the case may be) 
acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner determines (i) that an 
Adjustment Spread is required to be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as 
the case may be) and (ii) the quantum of, or a formula or methodology for determining, such 
Adjustment Spread, then such Adjustment Spread shall be applied to the Successor Rate or 
the Alternative Rate (as the case may be).
(d)     Benchmark Amendments
If any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate or Adjustment Spread is determined in accordance 
with this Condition 3.4 and the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (if it is unable to appoint an 
Independent Adviser or if the Independent Adviser appointed by it fails to determine a 
Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Rate in accordance with Condition 3.4(a) 
prior to the relevant Interest Determination Date or Reset Determination Date, as the case 
may be) acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner determines (i) that 
amendments to these Conditions, the Trust Deed and the Agency Agreement for the English 
Law Notes, including but not limited to Relevant Screen Page, are necessary to ensure the 
proper operation of such Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and/or Adjustment Spread and/or
necessary or appropriate to comply with any applicable regulation or guidelines on the use of 
benchmarks or other related document issued by the competent regulatory authority (such 
amendments, the Benchmark Amendments) and (ii) the terms of the Benchmark 
Amendments, then the Issuer shall, subject to giving notice thereof in accordance with 
Condition 3.4(e) (Notices) and subject (to the extent required) to giving any notice required to 
be given to, and receiving any consent required from, or non-objection from, the Competent 
Authority, without any requirement
for the consent or approval of Noteholders, 
Receiptholders or Couponholders, vary these Conditions, the Trust Deed and the Agency 
Agreement for the English Law Notes to give effect to such Benchmark Amendments with 
effect from the date specified in such notice.

--- Page 118 ---
118
At the request of the Issuer, but subject to receipt by the Trustee of a certificate signed by two 
authorised signatories of the Issuer pursuant to Condition 3.4(e) (Notices), the Trustee shall 
(at the Issuer’s expense), without any requirement for the consent or approval of the 
Noteholders, Receiptholders or Couponholders, be obliged to concur with the Issuer in 
effecting any Benchmark Amendments (including, inter alia, by the execution of a deed 
supplemental to or amending the Trust Deed) and the Trustee shall not be liable to any party 
for any consequences thereof, provided that if, in the opinion of the Trustee doing so would 
impose more onerous obligations upon it or expose it to any additional duties, responsibilities 
or liabilities or reduce or amend rights and/or the protective provisions afforded to the Trustee 
in these Conditions or the Trust Deed (including for the avoidance of doubt, any supplemental 
trust deed), the Trustee shall give effect to such Benchmark Amendments (including, inter 
alia, by the execution of a deed supplemental to or amending the Trust Deed), subject to 
being indemnified and/or secured to its satisfaction by the Issuer.
In connection with any such variation in accordance with this Condition 3.4(d), the Issuer 
shall comply with the rules of any stock exchange on which the Notes are for the time being 
listed or admitted to trading.
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 3.4 (Benchmark Discontinuation), no 
Successor Rate, Alternative Rate or Adjustment Spread will be adopted, nor will any other 
amendment to the terms and conditions of any Series of Notes be made to effect the 
Benchmark Amendments, if and to the extent that, in the determination of the Issuer, the same
could reasonably be expected to prejudice the qualification of the relevant Series of 
Subordinated Notes as “Tier 2” capital at individual or consolidated basis and/or (i) result in 
the exclusion of the relevant Series of Senior Notes or Non-Preferred Senior Notes from the 
eligible liabilities available to meet the MREL Requirements or (ii) (in the case of Senior 
Notes or Non-Preferred Senior Notes only) result in the Competent Authority and/or the 
Relevant Resolution Authority treating the Interest Payment Date or Reset Date, as the case 
may be, as the effective maturity date of the Notes, rather than the relevant maturity date. In 
such cases (i) the Rate of Interest on Floating Rate Notes applicable to the next succeeding
Interest Period shall be equal to the Rate of Interest last determined in relation to the Notes in 
respect of the immediately preceding Interest Period or (ii) in the case of the First Reset Rate 
of Interest on Reset Notes, the Rate of Interest shall be equal to the Initial Rate of Interest or 
(iii) in the case of the Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest on Reset Notes, the Rate of Interest 
shall be equal to the Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest last determined in relation to the Notes 
in respect of the immediately preceding Reset Period or if the immediately preceding Reset 
Period is the First Reset Period, the First Reset Rate of Interest. If there has not been a first
Interest Payment Date or First Reset Date, the Rate of Interest for Floating Rate Notes shall 
be the initial Rate of Interest and the Rate of Interest for Reset Notes shall be the Initial Rate 
of Interest (as applicable).
Where a different Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest or First Margin or 
Subsequent Margin (as applicable) is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period or Reset 
Period (as applicable) from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period or Reset 
Period (as applicable), the Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest or First Margin 
or Subsequent Margin (as applicable) relating to the relevant Interest Period or Reset Period 
(as applicable) shall be substituted in place of the Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of 
Interest or First Margin or Subsequent Margin relating to that last preceding Interest Period or 
Reset Period.
(e)       Notices
Any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread and the specific terms of any 
Benchmark Amendments, determined under this Condition 3.4 will be notified promptly by

--- Page 119 ---
119
the Issuer to the Trustee, the Calculation Agent, the Principal Paying Agent and each Paying 
Agent and, in accordance with Condition 12 (Notices), the Noteholders, Receiptholders or 
Couponholders. Such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the effective date of the 
Benchmark Amendments, if any. 
No later than notifying the Trustee of the same, the Issuer shall deliver to the Trustee a 
certificate signed by two authorised signatories: 
(i)
confirming (x) that a Benchmark Event has occurred, (y) the Successor Rate or, as the 
case may be, the Alternative Rate and (z) where applicable, any Adjustment Spread 
and/or the specific terms of any Benchmark Amendments, in each case as determined 
in accordance with the provisions of this Condition 3.4; 
(ii)
certifying that the Benchmark Amendments are necessary to ensure the proper 
operation of such Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and/or Adjustment Spread; and 
(iii)
certifying that (i) the Issuer has duly consulted with an Independent Adviser with 
respect to each of the matters above or, if that is not the case, (ii) explaining, in 
reasonable detail, why the Issuer has not done so. 
The Trustee shall be entitled to rely on such certificate (without inquiry and without liability 
to any person) as sufficient evidence thereof. The Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and the 
Adjustment Spread (if any) and the Benchmark Amendments (if any) specified in such 
certificate will (in the absence of manifest error in the determination of the Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate and the Adjustment Spread (if any) and the Benchmark Amendments (if any) 
and without prejudice to the Trustee’s ability to rely on such certificate as aforesaid) be 
binding on the Issuer, the Trustee, the party responsible for determining the Rate of Interest 
(being the Principal Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent or such other party specified in the 
form of Final Terms, as applicable), the Paying Agents and the Noteholders, Receiptholders 
and Couponholders.
(f)
Survival of Original Reference Rate
Without prejudice to the obligations of the Issuer under Conditions 3.4(a) (Independent 
Adviser) to 3.4(d) (Benchmark Amendments), the Original Reference Rate and the fallback 
provisions provided for in Condition 3.2(c) (Fallbacks) and Condition 3.3(b)(ii) (Screen Rate 
Determination for Floating Rate Notes) will continue to apply unless and until a Benchmark 
Event has occurred.
(g)
Definitions
For the purposes of this Condition 3.4:
Adjustment Spread means either a spread (which may be positive or negative), or the 
formula or methodology for calculating a spread, in either case, which the Independent 
Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) determines (acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner) is required to be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as 
the case may be) and is the spread, formula or methodology which:
(a)
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended in relation to the 
replacement of the Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any Relevant 
Nominating Body; or (if no such recommendation has been made, or in the case of an 
Alternative Rate);

--- Page 120 ---
120
(b)
the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) determines (acting in good faith 
and in a commercially reasonable manner), is recognised or acknowledged as being 
the industry standard for over-the-counter derivative transactions which reference the 
Original Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced by the Successor Rate or 
the Alternative Rate (as the case may be); (or if the Issuer determines that no such 
industry standard is recognised or acknowledged); or
(c)
the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) determines (acting in good faith 
and in a commercially reasonable manner), is customarily applied to the relevant 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as the case may be) in international debt capital 
market transactions to produce an industry-accepted replacement rate for the Original 
Reference Rate;
Alternative Rate means an alternative benchmark or screen rate which the Independent 
Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) determines (acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner) in accordance with Condition 3.4(b) (Successor Rate or Alternative Rate) 
is customary in market usage in the international debt capital markets for the purposes of 
determining rates of interest (or the relevant component part thereof) in the same Specified 
Currency as the Notes;
Benchmark Amendments has the meaning given to it in Condition 3.4(d) Benchmark 
Amendments);
Benchmark Event means:
(a)
the Original Reference Rate ceasing be published for a period of at least 5 Business 
Days or ceasing to exist; or
(b)
a public statement by the administrator of the Original Reference Rate that it will, by 
a specified date within the following six months, cease publishing the Original 
Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely (in circumstances where no successor 
administrator has been appointed that will continue publication of the Original 
Reference Rate); or
(c)
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference 
Rate, that the Original Reference Rate has been or will, by a specified date within the 
following six months, be permanently or indefinitely discontinued; or
(d)
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference 
Rate as a consequence of which the Original Reference Rate will be prohibited from 
being used either generally, or in respect of the Notes, in each case within the 
following six months; or
(e)
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference
Rate announcing that such Original Reference Rate is no longer representative, within 
the following six months; or
(f)
it has become unlawful for, the Principal Paying Agent, any Paying Agent, the 
Calculation Agent, the Issuer or other party to calculate any payments due to be made 
to any Noteholder, Receiptholder or Couponholder using the Original Reference 
Rate;
Independent Adviser means an independent financial institution of international repute or an 
independent financial adviser with appropriate expertise appointed by the Issuer under

--- Page 121 ---
121
Condition 3.4(a) (Independent Adviser);
Original Reference Rate means the originally-specified benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable) used to determine the Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) on the 
Notes;
Relevant Nominating Body means, in respect of a benchmark or screen rate (as applicable):
(a)
the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable) relates, or any central bank or other supervisory authority which is 
responsible for supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable); or
(b)
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or 
constituted at the request of (a) the central bank for the currency to which the 
benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) relates, (b) any central bank or other 
supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator of the 
benchmark or screen rate (as applicable), (c) a group of the aforementioned central 
banks or other supervisory authorities or (d) the Financial Stability Board or any part 
thereof;
Successor Rate means the rate that the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) 
determines (acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) is a successor to 
or replacement of the Original Reference Rate which is formally recommended by any 
Relevant Nominating Body.
3.5
Change of Interest Basis
If Change of Interest Basis is specified as applicable in the form of Final Terms, the interest 
payable in respect of the Notes will be calculated in accordance with Condition 3.1 or 
Condition 3.3 above each applicable only for the relevant periods specified in the form of 
Final Terms.
If Change of Interest Basis is specified as applicable in the form of Final Terms, and Issuer's 
Switch Option is also specified as applicable in the form of Final Terms, the Issuer may, on 
one or more occasions, as specified in the form of Final Terms, at its option (any such option, 
a Switch Option), having given notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 12 on 
or prior to the relevant Switch Option Expiry Date, change the Interest Basis of the Notes 
from Fixed Rate to Floating Rate or Floating Rate to Fixed Rate or as otherwise specified in 
the form of Final Terms with effect from (and including) the Switch Option Effective Date 
specified in the form of Final Terms to (but excluding) the Maturity Date (or, where more 
than one Switch Option Effective Date is specified in the form of Final Terms, up to and 
excluding the next following Switch Option Effective Date), provided that (A) the Switch 
Option may be exercised only in respect of all the outstanding Notes, (B) upon exercise of a 
Switch Option, the Interest Basis change will be effective form (and including) the relevant 
Switch Option Effective Date until the Maturity Date (or, where more than one Switch Option 
Effective Date is specified as applicable in the form of Final Terms, up to and excluding the 
next following Switch Option Effective Date to the extent the related Switch Option is 
exercised), and (C) where a Switch Option has not been exercised prior to the relevant Switch 
Option Expiry Date, the Issuer shall no longer be entitled to exercise such Switch Option and 
the Interest Basis shall not change.
Switch Option Expiry Date and Switch Option Effective Date shall mean any date specified 
as such in the form of Final Terms provided that any date specified in the form of Final Terms

--- Page 122 ---
122
as a Switch Option Effective Date shall be deemed as such subject to the exercise of the 
relevant Switch Option having been notified to the Issuer pursuant to this Condition and in 
accordance with Condition 12 prior to the relevant Switch Option Expiry Date. 
3.6
Exempt Notes
In the case of Exempt Notes which are also Floating Rate Notes where the applicable Pricing 
Supplement identifies that Screen Rate Determination applies to the calculation of interest, if 
the Reference Rate from time to time is specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement as 
being other than EURIBOR, the Rate of Interest in respect of such Exempt Notes will be 
determined as provided in the applicable Pricing Supplement.
The rate or amount of interest payable in respect of Exempt Notes which are not also Fixed 
Rate Notes or Floating Rate Notes shall be determined in the manner specified in the 
applicable Pricing Supplement, provided that where such Notes are Index Linked Interest 
Notes the provisions of Condition 3.3 shall, save to the extent amended in the applicable 
Pricing Supplement, apply as if the references therein to Floating Rate Notes and to the Agent 
were references to Index Linked Interest Notes and the Calculation Agent, respectively, and 
provided further that the Calculation Agent will notify the Agent of the Rate of Interest for 
the relevant Interest Period as soon as practicable after calculating the same.
In the case of Partly Paid Notes (other than Partly Paid Notes which are Zero Coupon Notes), 
interest will accrue as aforesaid on the paid up nominal amount of such Notes and otherwise 
as specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement.
Change of Interest Basis
If Change of Interest Basis is specified as applicable in the applicable Pricing Supplement, the 
interest payable in respect of the Notes will be calculated in accordance with Condition 3.1 or
Condition 3.3 above each applicable only for the relevant periods specified in the applicable 
Pricing Supplement.
If Change of Interest Basis is specified as applicable in the applicable Pricing Supplement, 
and Issuer's Switch Option is also specified as applicable in the applicable Pricing 
Supplement, the Issuer may, on one or more occasions, as specified in the applicable Pricing 
Supplement, at its option (any such option, a Switch Option), having given notice to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 12 on or prior to the relevant Switch Option Expiry 
Date, change the Interest Basis of the Notes from Fixed Rate to Floating Rate or Floating Rate 
to Fixed Rate or as otherwise specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement with effect from
(and including) the Switch Option Effective Date specified in the applicable Pricing 
Supplement to (but excluding) the Maturity Date (or, where more than one Switch Option 
Effective Date is specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement, up to and excluding the next 
following Switch Option Effective Date), provided that (A) the Switch Option may be 
exercised only in respect of all the outstanding Notes, (B) upon exercise of a Switch Option, 
the Interest Basis change will be effective form (and including) the relevant Switch Option 
Effective Date until the Maturity Date (or, where more than one Switch Option Effective Date 
is specified as applicable in the applicable Pricing Supplement, up to and excluding the next 
following Switch Option Effective Date to the extent the related Switch Option is exercised), 
and (C) where a Switch Option has not been exercised prior to the relevant Switch Option 
Expiry Date, the Issuer shall no longer be entitled to exercise such Switch Option and the 
Interest Basis shall not change.
Switch Option Expiry Date and Switch Option Effective Date shall mean any date specified 
as such in the applicable Pricing Supplement provided that any date specified in the

--- Page 123 ---
123
applicable Pricing Supplement as a Switch Option Effective Date shall be deemed as such 
subject to the exercise of the relevant Switch Option having been notified to the Issuer 
pursuant to this Condition and in accordance with Condition 12 prior to the relevant Switch 
Option Expiry Date.
3.7
Accrual of interest
Each Note (or in the case of the redemption of part only of a Note, that part only of such 
Note) will cease to bear interest (if any) from the date for its redemption unless payment of 
principal is improperly withheld or refused. In such event, interest will continue to accrue
until whichever is the earlier of:
(a)
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Note have been paid; and
(b)
as provided in the Trust Deed.
4.
PAYMENTS
4.1
Method of payment
Subject as provided below:
(a)
payments in a Specified Currency other than euro will be made by credit or transfer to 
an account in the relevant Specified Currency maintained by the payee with a bank in 
the principal financial centre of the country of such Specified Currency (which, if the 
Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars, shall be Sydney and 
Auckland, respectively); and
(b)
payments will be made in euro by credit or transfer to a euro account (or any other 
account to which euro may be credited or transferred) specified by the payee.
Payments will be subject in all cases to (i) any fiscal or other laws and regulations applicable 
thereto in the place of payment, but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 6 and (ii) 
any withholding or deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) 
of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code) or otherwise imposed 
pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or agreements 
thereunder, 
any 
official 
interpretations 
thereof, 
or 
any 
law 
implementing 
an 
intergovernmental approach thereto.
4.2
Presentation of definitive Notes, Receipts and Coupons
Payments of principal in respect of definitive Notes will (subject as provided below) be made 
in the manner provided in Condition 4.1 above only against presentation and surrender (or, in 
the case of part payment of any sum due, endorsement) of definitive Notes, and payments of 
interest in respect of definitive Notes will (subject as provided below) be made as aforesaid 
only against presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, 
endorsement) of Coupons, in each case at the specified office of any Paying Agent outside the 
United States (which expression, as used herein, means the United States of America 
(including the States and the District of Columbia and its possessions)).
Fixed Rate Notes in definitive form (other than Long Maturity Notes (as defined below)) and 
save as provided in Condition 4.4 should be presented for payment together with all 
unmatured Coupons appertaining thereto (which expression shall for this purpose include 
Coupons falling to be issued on exchange of matured Talons), failing which the amount of

--- Page 124 ---
124
any missing unmatured Coupon (or, in the case of payment not being made in full, the same 
proportion of the amount of such missing unmatured Coupon as the sum so paid bears to the 
sum due) will be deducted from the sum due for payment. Each amount of principal so 
deducted will be paid in the manner mentioned above against surrender of the relative missing 
Coupon at any time before the expiry of 10 years after the Relevant Date (as defined in 
Condition 6) in respect of such principal (whether or not such Coupon would otherwise have 
become void under Condition 7) or, if later, five years from the date on which such Coupon 
would otherwise have become due, but in no event thereafter.
Upon any Fixed Rate Note in definitive form becoming due and repayable prior to its 
Maturity Date, all unmatured Talons (if any) appertaining thereto will become void and no 
further Coupons will be issued in respect thereof.
Upon the date on which any Floating Rate Note or Long Maturity Note in definitive form 
becomes due and repayable, unmatured Coupons and Talons (if any) relating thereto (whether 
or not attached) shall become void and no payment or, as the case may be, exchange for 
further Coupons shall be made in respect thereof. A Long Maturity Note is a Fixed Rate 
Note (other than a Fixed Rate Note which on issue had a Talon attached) whose nominal 
amount on issue is less than the aggregate interest payable thereon provided that such Note 
shall cease to be a Long Maturity Note on the Interest Payment Date on which the aggregate 
amount of interest remaining to be paid after that date is less than the nominal amount of such 
Note.
If the due date for redemption of any definitive Note is not an Interest Payment Date, interest 
(if any) accrued in respect of such Note from (and including) the preceding Interest Payment 
Date or, as the case may be, the Interest Commencement Date shall be payable only against 
surrender of the relevant definitive Note.
4.3
Payments in respect of Global Notes
Payments of principal and interest (if any) in respect of Notes represented by any Global Note 
will (subject as provided below) be made in the manner specified above in relation to 
definitive Notes or otherwise in the manner specified in the relevant Global Note, where 
applicable against presentation or surrender, as the case may be, of such Global Note at the 
specified office of any Paying Agent outside the United States. A record of each payment 
made, distinguishing between any payment of principal and any payment of interest, will be 
made either on such Global Note by the Paying Agent to which it was presented or in the 
records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable.
4.4
Specific provisions in relation to payments in respect of certain types of Exempt Notes
Payments of instalments of principal (if any) in respect of definitive Notes, other than the 
final instalment, will (subject as provided below) be made in the manner provided in 
Condition 4.1 above only against presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part payment 
of any sum due, endorsement) of the relevant Receipt in accordance with the preceding 
paragraph. Payment of the final instalment will be made in the manner provided in Condition 
4.1 above only against presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum 
due, endorsement) of the relevant Note in accordance with the preceding paragraph. Each 
Receipt must be presented for payment of the relevant instalment together with the definitive 
Note to which it appertains. Receipts presented without the definitive Note to which they 
appertain do not constitute valid obligations of the Issuer. Upon the date on which any 
definitive Note becomes due and repayable, unmatured Receipts (if any) relating thereto 
(whether or not attached) shall become void and no payment shall be made in respect thereof.

--- Page 125 ---
125
Upon the date on which any Dual Currency Note or Index Linked Note in definitive form 
becomes due and repayable, unmatured Coupons and Talons (if any) relating thereto (whether 
or not attached) shall become void and no payment or, as the case may be, exchange for 
further Coupons shall be made in respect thereof.
4.5
General provisions applicable to payments
The holder of a Global Note shall be the only person entitled to receive payments in respect of 
Notes represented by such Global Note and the Issuer will be discharged by payment to, or to 
the order of, the holder of such Global Note in respect of each amount so paid. Each of the 
persons shown in the records of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as the beneficial 
holder of a particular nominal amount of Notes represented by such Global Note must look 
solely to Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, for his share of each 
payment so made by the Issuer to, or to the order of, the holder of such Global Note.
Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Condition, if any amount of principal and/or 
interest in respect of Notes is payable in U.S. dollars, such U.S. dollar payments of principal 
and/or interest in respect of such Notes will be made at the specified office of a Paying Agent 
in the United States if:
(a)
the Issuer has appointed Paying Agents with specified offices outside the United 
States with the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents would be able to 
make payment in U.S. dollars at such specified offices outside the United States of 
the full amount of principal and interest on the Notes in the manner provided above 
when due;
(b)
payment of the full amount of such principal and interest at all such specified offices 
outside the United States is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or
other similar restrictions on the full payment or receipt of principal and interest in 
U.S. dollars; and
(c)
such payment is then permitted under United States law without involving, in the 
opinion of the Issuer, adverse tax consequences to the Issuer.
4.6
Payment Day
If the date for payment of any amount in respect of any Note, Receipt or Coupon is not a 
Payment Day, the holder thereof shall not be entitled to payment until the next following 
Payment Day in the relevant place and shall not be entitled to further interest or other 
payment in respect of such delay. For these purposes, Payment Day means any day which 
(subject to Condition 7) is:
(a)
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and 
are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign 
currency deposits):
(i)
in the case of Notes in definitive form only, in the relevant place of presentation; and
(ii)
in each Additional Financial Centre (other than TARGET2 System) specified in the 
form of Final Terms; 
(b)
if TARGET2 System is specified as an Additional Financial Centre in the form of 
Final Terms, a day on which the TARGET2 System is open;

--- Page 126 ---
126
(c)
either (1) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a 
day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and 
are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign 
currency deposits) in the principal financial centre of the country of the relevant 
Specified Currency (which if the Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New 
Zealand dollars shall be Sydney and Auckland, respectively) or (2) in relation to any 
sum payable in euro, a day on which the TARGET2 System is open.
4.7
Interpretation of principal and interest
Any reference in the Conditions to principal in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to
include, as applicable:
(a)
any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to principal under 
Condition 6;
(b)
the Final Redemption Amount of the Notes;
(c)
the Early Redemption Amount of the Notes;
(d)
the Optional Redemption Amount(s) (if any) of the Notes;
(e)
in relation to Exempt Notes redeemable in instalments, the Instalment Amounts; and
(f)
any premium and any other amounts (other than interest) which may be payable by 
the Issuer under or in respect of the Notes.
Any reference in the Conditions to interest in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to include, 
as applicable, any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to interest under 
Condition 6.
5.
REDEMPTION AND PURCHASE
5.1
Redemption at maturity
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as specified below, each Note will be 
redeemed by the Issuer (i) at least at par in case of Fixed Rate Notes, Reset Notes, Floating 
Rate Notes and Zero Coupon Notes, as specified in the form of Final Terms in the relevant 
Specified Currency and on the Maturity Date specified in the form of Final Terms (ii) in the 
case of Exempt Notes, at its Final Redemption Amount specified in the applicable Pricing 
Supplement in the relevant Specified Currency on the Maturity Date specified in the 
Applicable Pricing Supplement.
5.2
Redemption for tax reasons
Subject to Condition 5.7, the Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer (but subject, 
in the case of Senior Notes and Non-Preferred Senior Notes, to the provisions of Condition 
5.13 and, in the case of Subordinated Notes, to the provisions of Condition 5.14) in whole, but 
not in part, at any time (if this Note is not a Floating Rate Note) or on any Interest Payment 
Date (if this Note is a Floating Rate Note), on giving not less than the minimum period nor 
more than the maximum period of notice specified in the form of Final Terms to the Principal 
Paying Agent and the Trustee and, in accordance with Condition 12, the Noteholders (which 
notice shall be irrevocable), if:

--- Page 127 ---
127
(a)
on the occasion of the next payment due under the Notes (in the case of Subordinated 
Notes, in respect of payments of interest only), the Issuer has or will become obliged 
to pay additional amounts as provided or referred to in Condition 6 as a result of any 
change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of, or applicable in, a Tax 
Jurisdiction (as defined in Condition 6), or any change in the application or official 
interpretation of such laws or regulations, which change or amendment becomes 
effective after the date on which agreement is reached to issue the first Tranche of the 
Notes, provided that in the case of any redemption of Subordinated Notes proposed to 
be made prior to the fifth anniversary of the Issue Date, under the relevant Regulatory 
Capital Requirements (as defined in Condition 5.14) the Issuer demonstrates to the 
satisfaction of the relevant Competent Authority that such change or amendment is 
material and was not reasonably foreseeable by the Issuer as at the date of the issue of 
the first tranche of the relevant Subordinated Notes; and
(b)
such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures available 
to it,
provided that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than 90 days prior to the 
earliest date on which the Issuer would be obliged to pay such additional amounts were a 
payment in respect of the Notes then due.
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition, the Issuer 
shall deliver or procure that there is delivered to the Trustee to make available at its specified 
office to the Noteholders (i) a certificate signed by two authorised signatories of the Issuer 
stating that the said circumstances prevail and describe the facts leading thereto and (ii) an 
opinion of independent legal advisers of recognised standing to the effect that the Issuer has 
or will become obliged to pay such additional amounts as a result of such change or 
amendment and the Trustee shall be entitled to accept such documents as sufficient evidence 
of the satisfaction of the conditions precedent set out above, in which event it shall be 
conclusive and binding on the Noteholders, the Receiptholders and the Couponholders.
Upon the expiry of any such notice as is referred to in this Condition 5.2, the Issuer shall be 
bound to redeem the Notes in accordance with this Condition 5.2. Notes redeemed pursuant to 
this Condition 5.2 will be redeemed at their Early Redemption Amount referred to in 
Condition 5.7 below together (if appropriate) with interest accrued to (but excluding) the date 
of redemption. 
5.3
Redemption for regulatory reasons (Regulatory Call)
This Condition 5.3 applies only to Notes specified in the form of Final Terms as being 
Subordinated Notes.
If Regulatory Call is specified in the form of Final Terms, the Notes may be redeemed at the 
option of the Issuer (subject to the provisions of Condition 5.14), in whole, but not in part, at 
any time (if the Note is neither a Floating Rate Note, an Index Linked Interest Note nor a 
Dual Currency Interest Note) or on any Interest Payment Date (if the Note is either a Floating 
Rate Note, an Index Linked Interest Note or a Dual Currency Interest Note), on giving not 
less than 15 nor more than 30 days’ notice to the Principal Paying Agent and the Trustee and, 
in accordance with Condition 13, the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable), if there 
is a change in the regulatory classification of the Subordinated Notes that would be likely to 
result in their exclusion from “Tier 2” capital at individual or consolidated basis (in whole or 
in part), provided that, in case of exclusion in part, such exclusion is not as a result of 
amortisation or any limits on the amount of “Tier 2” capital applicable to the Issuer.

--- Page 128 ---
128
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition, the Issuer 
shall deliver or procure that there is delivered to the Trustee a certificate signed by two 
authorised signatories of the Issuer stating that the said circumstances prevail and describe the 
facts leading thereto and the Trustee shall be entitled to accept such certificate as sufficient 
evidence of the satisfaction of the conditions precedent set out above, in which event it shall 
be conclusive and binding on the Noteholders, the Receiptholders and the Couponholders.
Upon the expiry of any such notice as is referred to in this Condition 5.3, the Issuer shall be 
bound to redeem the Notes in accordance with this Condition 5.3. Notes redeemed pursuant to 
this Condition 5.3 will be redeemed at their Early Redemption Amount referred to in 
Condition 5.7 below together (if appropriate) with interest accrued to (but excluding) the date 
of redemption.
5.4
Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Call)
This Condition 5.4 applies to Notes which are subject to redemption prior to the Maturity 
Date at the option of the Issuer (other than for taxation reasons or for regulatory reasons), 
such option being referred to as an Issuer Call. The form of Final Terms contains provisions 
applicable to any Issuer Call and must be read in conjunction with this Condition 5.4 for full 
information on any Issuer Call.  In particular, the form of Final Terms will identify the 
Optional Redemption Date(s), the Optional Redemption Amount, any minimum or maximum 
amount of Notes which can be redeemed and the applicable notice periods.
If Issuer Call is specified as being applicable in the form of Final Terms, the Issuer may 
(subject to, in the case of Senior Notes and Non-Preferred Senior Notes, Condition 5.13 and, 
in the case of Subordinated Notes, the provisions of Condition 5.14), having given not less 
than the minimum period nor more than the maximum period of notice specified in the form 
of Final Terms to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 12 (which notice shall be 
irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption), redeem all or some only of the 
Notes then outstanding on any Optional Redemption Date and at the Optional Redemption 
Amount(s) specified in the form of Final Terms together, if appropriate, with interest accrued 
to (but excluding) the relevant Optional Redemption Date.  Any such redemption must be of a 
nominal amount not less than the Minimum Redemption Amount and not more than the 
Maximum Redemption Amount, in each case as may be specified in the form of Final Terms. 
The Optional Redemption Amount will either be the specified percentage of the nominal 
amount of the Notes stated in the form of Final Terms or, if a Make-whole Amount is 
specified in the form of Final Terms, will be an amount calculated by the Issuer (or by an 
agent appointed by the Issuer to calculate the amount on its behalf) equal to the higher of:
(a)
100 per cent. of the nominal amount of the Notes to be redeemed; or
(b)
the sum of the present values of the nominal amount of the Notes to be redeemed and 
the Remaining Term Interest on such Notes (exclusive of interest accrued to the 
Optional Redemption Date) discounted to the Optional Redemption Date on an 
annual basis (based on the actual number of days elapsed divided by 365 or (in the 
case of a leap year) 366) at the Reference Bond Rate (as defined below), plus the 
specified Redemption Margin,
plus in each case, for the avoidance of doubt, any interest accrued on the Notes to, but 
excluding, the Optional Redemption Date.
In the Conditions:

--- Page 129 ---
129
FA Selected Bond means a government security or securities selected by the Financial 
Adviser as having an actual or interpolated maturity comparable with the remaining term of 
the Notes that would be utilised, at the time of selection and in accordance with customary 
financial practice, in pricing new issues of corporate debt securities denominated in the same 
currency as the Notes and of a comparable maturity to the remaining term of the Notes;
Financial Adviser means an independent and internationally recognised financial adviser 
selected by the Issuer;
Redemption Margin shall be as set out in the form of Final Terms;
Reference Bond shall be as set out in the form of Final Terms or the FA Selected Bond;
Reference Bond Price means, with respect to the Optional Redemption Date, (a) the 
arithmetic average of the Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations for such date of 
redemption, after excluding the highest and lowest such Reference Government Bond Dealer 
Quotations, or (b) if the Agent obtains fewer than four such Reference Government Bond 
Dealer Quotations, the arithmetic average of all such quotations;
Reference Bond Rate means, with respect to the Optional Redemption Date, the rate per 
annum equal to the annual or semi-annual yield (as the case may be) to maturity or 
interpolated yield to maturity (on the relevant day count basis) of the Reference Bond, 
assuming a price for the Reference Bond (expressed as a percentage of its nominal amount) 
equal to the Reference Bond Price for such Optional Redemption Date;
Reference Government Bond Dealer means each of the five banks selected by the Issuer, or 
their affiliates, which are (a) primary government securities dealers, and their respective 
successors, or (b) market makers in pricing corporate bond issues;
Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations means, with respect to each Reference 
Government Bond Dealer and the Optional Redemption Date, the arithmetic average, as 
determined by the Agent, of the bid and offered prices for the Reference Bond (expressed in 
each case as a percentage of its nominal amount) at the Quotation Time specified in the form 
of Final Terms on the Reference Date quoted in writing to the Agent by such Reference 
Government Bond Dealer; and
Remaining Term Interest means, with respect to any Note, the aggregate amount of 
scheduled payment(s) of interest on such Note for the remaining term of such Note 
determined on the basis of the rate of interest applicable to such Note from and including the 
Optional Redemption Date.
All notifications, opinions, determinations, certifications, calculations, quotations and 
decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of this Condition 5.4 by the 
Issuer (or by an agent appointed by the Issuer to calculate the amount on its behalf), shall (in 
the absence of manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the Trustee, the Paying Agents and all 
Noteholders and Couponholders and (in the absence of wilful misconduct, gross negligence or 
fraud) no liability to the Issuer, the Noteholders, the Receiptholders or the Couponholders 
shall attach to the Principal Paying Agent.
In the case of a partial redemption of Notes, the Notes to be redeemed (Redeemed Notes) 
will, subject to compliance with applicable law, be selected individually by lot, in the case of 
Redeemed Notes represented by definitive Notes, and in accordance with the rules of 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (to be reflected in the records of Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg as either a pool factor or a reduction in nominal amount, at their

--- Page 130 ---
130
discretion) in the case of Redeemed Notes represented by a Global Note, not more than 30 
days prior to the date fixed for redemption (such date of selection being hereinafter called the 
Selection Date). In the case of Redeemed Notes represented by definitive Notes, a list of the 
serial numbers of such Redeemed Notes will be published in accordance with Condition 12 
not less than 15 days prior to the date fixed for redemption. No exchange of the relevant 
Global Note will be permitted during the period from (and including) the Selection Date to 
(and including) the date fixed for redemption pursuant to this Condition 5.4 and notice to that 
effect shall be given by the Issuer to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 12 at least 
five days prior to the Selection Date.
5.5
Redemption at the option of the Noteholders (Investor Put)
This Condition 5.5 applies only to Notes specified in the form of Final Terms as being Senior 
Notes or Non-Preferred Senior Notes. 
This Condition 5.5 applies to Notes which are subject to redemption prior to the Maturity 
Date at the option of the Noteholder, such option being referred to as an Investor Put. The 
form of Final Terms contains provisions applicable to any Investor Put and must be read in 
conjunction with this Condition 5.5 for full information on any Investor Put. In particular, the 
form of Final Terms will identify the Optional Redemption Date(s), the Optional Redemption 
Amount and the applicable notice periods.
If Investor Put is specified as being applicable in the form of Final Terms, upon the holder of 
any Note giving to the Issuer in accordance with Condition 12 not less than the minimum 
period nor more than the maximum period of notice specified in the form of Final Terms, the 
Issuer will, upon the expiry of such notice, redeem, in whole (but not, in the case of a Bearer 
Note in definitive form, in part), such Note on the Optional Redemption Date and at the 
Optional Redemption Amount together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but 
excluding) the Optional Redemption Date. 
To exercise the right to require redemption of this Note the holder of this Note must, if this 
Note is in definitive form and held outside Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, deliver, 
at the specified office of any Paying Agent at any time during normal business hours of such 
Paying Agent or, as the case may be, the Registrar falling within the notice period, a duly 
completed and signed notice of exercise in the form (for the time being current) obtainable 
from any specified office of any Paying Agent (a Put Notice) and in which the holder must 
specify a bank account to which payment is to be made under this Condition the Put Notice 
must be accompanied by this Note or evidence satisfactory to the Paying Agent concerned 
that this Note will, following delivery of the Put Notice, be held to its order or under its 
control.
If this Note is represented by a Global Note or is in definitive form and held through 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, to exercise the right to require redemption of this 
Note the holder of this Note must, within the notice period, give notice to the Principal Paying 
Agent of such exercise in accordance with the standard procedures of Euroclear, and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg (which may include notice being given on his instruction by 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg or any common depositary or common safekeeper, 
as the case may be for them to the Principal Paying Agent by electronic means) in a form 
acceptable to Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg from time to time.
Any Put Notice or other notice given in accordance with the standard procedures of Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg by a holder of any Note pursuant to this Condition 5.5 shall be 
irrevocable except where, prior to the due date of redemption, an Event of Default has 
occurred and the Trustee has declared the Notes to be due and payable pursuant to Condition

--- Page 131 ---
131
8, in which event such holder, at its option, may elect by notice to the Issuer to withdraw the 
notice given pursuant to this Condition 5.5.
5.6
Issuer Call due to MREL Disqualification Event
This Condition 5.6 applies only to Notes specified in the form of Final Terms as being Senior 
Notes or Non-Preferred Senior Notes.
In respect of any Series of Senior Notes or Non-Preferred Senior Notes where Issuer Call due 
to MREL Disqualification Event is specified as being applicable in the form of Final Terms, 
then the Issuer may (subject to the provisions of Condition 5.13) on any Interest Payment 
Date (if the Note is a Floating Rate Note), or at any time (if the Note is not a Floating Rate 
Note), on giving not less than the minimum period nor more than the maximum period of 
notice specified in the form of Final Terms to the Principal Paying Agent and the Trustee and, 
in accordance with Condition 12 (which notice shall be irrevocable), the Noteholders, redeem 
all (but not some only) of the Notes then outstanding at their Early Redemption Amount as 
described in Condition 5.7 below (if appropriate) with interest accrued to (but excluding) the 
date fixed for redemption, if the Issuer determines that a MREL Disqualification Event has 
occurred and is continuing.
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition, the Issuer shall 
deliver or procure that there is delivered to the Trustee a certificate signed by two authorised 
signatories of the Issuer stating that the said circumstances prevail and describe the facts 
leading thereto and the Trustee shall be entitled to accept such certificate as sufficient 
evidence of the satisfaction of the conditions precedent set out above, in which event it shall 
be conclusive and binding on the Noteholders, the Receiptholders and the Couponholders.
Upon the expiry of any such notice as is referred to in this Condition 5.6, the Issuer shall be 
bound to redeem the Notes in accordance with this Condition 5.6. Notes redeemed pursuant to 
this Condition 5.6 will be redeemed at their Early Redemption Amount referred to in 
Condition 5.7 below together (if appropriate) with interest accrued to (but excluding) the date 
of redemption.
5.7
Early Redemption Amounts
For the purpose of Condition 5.2, Condition 5.3, Condition 5.6 above and Condition 8: 
(a)
each Note (other than a Zero Coupon Note) will be redeemed at its Early Redemption 
Amount; and
(b)
each Zero Coupon Note will be redeemed at its Early Redemption Amount calculated 
in accordance with the following formula:
Early Redemption Amount = RP x (1 + AY)y
where:
RP
means the Reference Price;
AY
means the Accrual Yield expressed as a decimal; and
y
is the Day Count Fraction specified in the form of Final Terms which will be either 
(i) 30/360 (in which case the numerator will be equal to the number of days (calculated on the 
basis of a 360-day year consisting of 12 months of 30 days each) from (and including) the

--- Page 132 ---
132
Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or 
(as the case may be) the date upon which such Note becomes due and repayable and the 
denominator will be 360) or (ii) Actual/360 (in which case the numerator will be equal to the 
actual number of days from (and including) the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes to 
(but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon which 
such Note becomes due and repayable and the denominator will be 360) or (iii) Actual/365 (in 
which case the numerator will be equal to the actual number of days from (and including) the 
Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or 
(as the case may be) the date upon which such Note becomes due and repayable and the 
denominator will be 365). 
5.8
Specific redemption provisions applicable to certain types of Exempt Notes
The Final Redemption Amount, any Optional Redemption Amount and the Early Redemption 
Amount in respect of Index Linked Redemption Notes and Dual Currency Redemption Notes 
may be specified in, or determined in the manner specified in, the applicable Pricing 
Supplement. For the purposes of Condition 5.2, Index Linked Interest Notes and Dual 
Currency Interest Notes may be redeemed only on an Interest Payment Date.
Instalment Notes will be redeemed in the Instalment Amounts and on the Instalment Dates 
specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement. In the case of early redemption, the Early 
Redemption Amount of Instalment Notes will be determined in the manner specified in the 
applicable Pricing Supplement.
Partly Paid Notes will be redeemed, whether at maturity, early redemption or otherwise, in 
accordance with the provisions of this Condition and the applicable Pricing Supplement.
5.9
Purchases
Subject to Condition 5.13 in respect of Senior Notes and Non-Preferred Senior Notes and 
Condition 5.14 in respect of Subordinated Notes, the Issuer or any of its subsidiaries may 
purchase Notes (provided that, in the case of definitive Notes, all unmatured Receipts, 
Coupons and Talons appertaining thereto are purchased therewith) at any price in the open 
market or otherwise. If purchases are made by tender, tenders must be available to all 
Noteholders alike. Such Notes may be held, reissued, resold or, at the option of the purchaser, 
surrendered to any Paying Agent for cancellation.
Subordinated Notes may only be purchased by the Issuer or any of its subsidiaries, provided 
that and to the extent permitted by the relevant Regulatory Capital Requirements (as defined 
in Condition 5.14) at the relevant time the Notes to be purchased (a) do not exceed the lower 
of (i) 10 per cent. (or any other threshold as may be requested or required by the Competent 
Authority from time to time) of the aggregate nominal amount of the relevant Series of the 
Subordinated Notes and (ii) 3 per cent. (or any other threshold as may be requested or 
required by the Competent Authority from time to time) of the aggregate nominal amount of 
the Subordinated Notes qualified on issue as "Tier 2 capital" for regulatory capital purposes of 
the Issuer from time to time outstanding and (b) are not purchased in order to be surrendered 
to any Paying Agent for cancellation.
5.10
Cancellation
All Notes which are redeemed will forthwith be cancelled (together with all unmatured 
Receipts, Coupons and Talons attached thereto or surrendered therewith at the time of 
redemption). All Notes so cancelled and any Notes purchased and cancelled pursuant to 
Condition 5.9 above (together with all unmatured Receipts, Coupons and Talons cancelled

--- Page 133 ---
133
therewith) shall be forwarded to the Principal Paying Agent and cannot be reissued or resold.
5.11
Late payment on Zero Coupon Notes
If the amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note upon redemption of such Zero 
Coupon Note pursuant to Condition 5.1, 5.2, 5.3, 5.4 or 5.5 above or upon its becoming due 
and repayable as provided in Condition 8 is improperly withheld or refused, the amount due 
and repayable in respect of such Zero Coupon Note shall be the amount calculated as 
provided in Condition 5.7(b) above as though the references therein to the date fixed for the 
redemption or the date upon which such Zero Coupon Note becomes due and payable were 
replaced by references to the date which is the earlier of:
(a)
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Zero Coupon Note have been 
paid; and
(b)
five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in respect of 
such Zero Coupon Notes has been received by the Principal Paying Agent or the 
Trustee and notice to that effect has been given to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 12.
5.12
Italian Civil Code
The Notes are not subject to Article 1186 of the Italian Civil Code nor, to the extent 
applicable, to Article 1819 of the Italian Civil Code.
5.13
Conditions to Early Redemption and Purchase of Senior Notes and Non-Preferred Senior 
Notes
Any redemption or purchase of Senior Notes and Non-Preferred Senior Notes in accordance 
with Conditions 5.2, 5.4, 5.6 or 5.9 or Condition 13 (including, for the avoidance of doubt, 
any modification or variation in accordance with Condition 13) is subject to compliance by 
the Issuer with any conditions to such redemption or repurchase prescribed by the MREL 
Requirements at the relevant time (including any requirements applicable to such redemption 
or repurchase due to the qualification of such Senior Notes or Non-Preferred Senior Notes at 
such time as eligible liabilities available to meet the MREL Requirements) and, including, as 
relevant, the condition that the Issuer has obtained the prior permission of the Relevant 
Resolution Authority in accordance with Article 78a of the CRR, where one of the following 
conditions is met:
(a)
on or before such call, redemption, repayment or repurchase (as applicable), the 
Issuer replaces the relevant Notes with own funds instruments or eligible liabilities 
instruments of equal or higher quality at terms that are sustainable for its income 
capacity; or
(b)
the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Relevant Resolution Authority 
that its own funds and eligible liabilities would, following such call, redemption, 
repayment or repurchase, exceed the requirements for own funds and eligible 
liabilities laid down in the Regulatory Capital Requirements by a margin that the 
Relevant Resolution Authority, in agreement with the Competent Authority, 
considers necessary; or
(c)
the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Relevant Resolution Authority 
that the partial or full replacement of the relevant Notes with own funds instruments 
is necessary to ensure compliance with the own funds requirements laid down in the

--- Page 134 ---
134
Regulatory Capital Requirements for continuing authorisation,
subject in any event to any different conditions or requirements as may be applicable from 
time to time under the Regulatory Capital Requirements.
The Relevant Resolution Authority may grant a general prior permission, for a specified 
period which shall not exceed one year, to redeem or purchase (including for market 
making purposes) Senior Notes or Non-Preferred Senior Notes, in the limit of a 
predetermined amount, subject to criteria that ensure that any such redemption or 
purchase will be in accordance with the conditions set out in sub-paragraphs (a) or (b) 
of the preceding paragraph.
5.14
Conditions to Early Redemption and Purchase of Subordinated Notes
Any redemption or purchase of Subordinated Notes in accordance with Condition 5.2, 5.3, 5.4 
or 5.9 or Condition 13 (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any modification or substitution 
in accordance with Condition 13) is subject to compliance with the then applicable 
Regulatory Capital Requirements, including, as relevant, for the avoidance of doubt:
(a)
the Issuer giving notice to the relevant Competent Authority and such Competent 
Authority granting prior permission to redeem or purchase the relevant Subordinated 
Notes (in each case in the manner required by the relevant Regulatory Capital 
Requirements, including Articles 77 and 78 of CRR, as amended or replaced from time 
to time) and confirmation of such permission being provided to the Trustee, where 
either:
(i)
on or before such redemption or purchase (as applicable), the Issuer having 
replaced the Notes with own funds instruments of equal or higher quality at 
terms that are sustainable for the income capacity of the Issuer; or
(ii)
the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Competent Authority 
that its own funds and eligible liabilities would, following such repayment or 
purchase, exceed the minimum requirements (including any capital buffer 
requirements) required under the Regulatory Capital Requirements by a 
margin that the Competent Authority considers necessary at such time; and
(b) in respect of a call, redemption repayment or repurchase prior to the fifth anniversary 
of the Issue Date of the relevant Subordinated Notes, if and to the extent required 
under Article 78(4) of the CRR or the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No. 
241/2014 of 7 January 2014:
(i)
in the case of redemption pursuant to Condition 5.2 (Redemption for tax 
reasons), the Issuer having demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Competent 
Authority that the change in the applicable tax treatment of the Subordinated 
Notes is material and was not reasonably foreseeable as at the Issue Date; or
(ii)
in case of redemption pursuant to Condition 5.3 (Redemption for regulatory 
reasons (Regulatory Call)),
if there is a change in the regulatory 
classification of the Subordinated Notes that would be likely to result in their
exclusion from “Tier 2” capital at individual or consolidated basis (in whole 
or in part), provided that, in case of exclusion in part, such exclusion is not as 
a result of amortisation or any limits on the amount of “Tier 2” capital 
applicable to the Issuer and, in respect of any redemption of the relevant 
Subordinated Notes proposed to be made prior to the fifth anniversary of the

--- Page 135 ---
135
Issue Date, both of the following conditions are met: (i) the Competent 
Authority considers such a change to be sufficiently certain and (ii) the Issuer 
demonstrates to the satisfaction of the Competent Authority that the change 
in the regulatory classification of the Subordinated Notes was not reasonably 
foreseeable by the Issuer as at the date of the issue of the relevant 
Subordinated Notes; or
(iii)
on or before such redemption or repurchase (as applicable), the Issuer having 
replaced the Notes with own funds instruments of equal or higher quality at 
terms that are sustainable for the income capacity of the Issuer and the 
Competent Authority having permitted that action on the basis of the 
determination that it would be beneficial from a prudential point of view and 
justified by exceptional circumstances; or
(iv)
the Notes being repurchased for market making purposes,
subject in any event to any alternative or additional conditions or requirements as 
may be applicable from time to time under the Regulatory Capital Requirements for 
the time being.
The Competent Authority may grant a general prior permission, for a specified period which 
shall not exceed one year, to redeem or purchase (including for market making purposes) the 
Subordinated Notes, in the limit of a predetermined amount, which shall not exceed the lower 
of (i) 10 per cent. (or any other threshold as may be requested or required by the Competent 
Authority from time to time) of the aggregate nominal amount of the relevant Series of the 
Subordinated Notes and (ii) 3 per cent. (or any other threshold as may be requested or 
required by the Competent Authority from time to time) of the outstanding aggregate nominal 
amount of the Tier 2 instruments of the Issuer at the relevant time, subject to criteria that 
ensure that any such redemption or purchase will be in accordance with the conditions set out 
at letters (i) or (ii) of sub-paragraph (a) of the preceding paragraph.
In these Conditions:
BRRD means Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 
May 2014 establishing a framework for the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and 
investment firms, as amended or replaced from time to time;
BRRD II means Directive (EU) 2019/879 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 
20 May 2019 amending Directive 2014/59/EU as regards the loss-absording and 
recapitalisation capacity of credit institutions and investment firms and Directive 98/26/EC;
Competent Authority means the Bank of Italy and/or, to the extent applicable in any 
relevant situation, the European Central Bank or any successor or replacement entity to either, 
or other authority having primary responsibility for the prudential oversight and supervision 
of the Issuer;
CRD IV Package means, taken together (i) the CRD IV Directive, (ii) the CRR and (iii) the 
Future Capital Instruments Regulations;
CRD IV Directive means Directive 2013/36/EU of the European Parliament and of the
Council of 26 June 2013 on access to the activity of credit institutions and the prudential 
supervision of credit institutions and investment firms, amending Directive 2002/87/EC and 
repealing Directives 2006/48/EC and 2006/49/EC, as amended or replaced from time to time;

--- Page 136 ---
136
CRD V Directive means the Directive (EU) 2019/878 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 20 May 2019 amending Directive 2013/36/EU as regards exempted entities, 
financial holding companies, mixed financial holding companies, remuneration, supervisory 
measures and powers and capital conservation measures, as amended or replaced from time to 
time;
CRR means Regulation (EU) No. 2013/575 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 
26 June 2013 on prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment firms and 
amending Regulation (EU) No. 648/2012, as amended or replaced from time to time
(including by CRR II);
CRR II means Regulation (EU) 2019/876 of the of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 20 May 2019 amending Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 as regards the leverage 
ratio, the net stable funding ratio, requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities, 
counterparty credit risk, market risk, exposures to collective investment undertakings, large 
exposures, reporting and disclosure requirements, and Regulation (EU) No 648/2012, as 
amended or replaced from time to time;
Future Capital Instruments Regulations means any regulatory capital rules or regulations 
introduced after the Issue Date by the Competent Authority or which are otherwise applicable 
to the Issuer (on a solo or, if relevant, consolidated basis), which prescribe (alone or in 
conjunction with any other rules or regulations) the requirements to be fulfilled by financial 
instruments for their inclusion in the Own Funds of the Issuer (on a consolidated basis) to the 
extent required by (i) the CRR or (ii) the CRD IV Directive;
Group Entity means the Issuer or any legal person that is part of the BPS Group;
Loss Absorption Power means any statutory write-down and/or conversion power existing 
from time to time under any laws, regulations, rules or requirements, whether relating to the 
resolution or independent of any resolution action, of credit institutions, investment firms 
and/or Group Entities incorporated in the relevant Member State in effect and applicable in 
the relevant Member State to the Issuer or other Group Entities , including (but not limited to) 
any such laws, regulations, rules or requirements that are implemented, adopted or enacted 
within the context of any European Union directive or regulation of the European Parliament 
and of the Council establishing a framework for the recovery and resolution of credit 
institutions and investment firms and/or within the context of a relevant Member State 
resolution regime or otherwise, pursuant to which liabilities of a credit institution, investment 
firm and/or Group Entities can be reduced, cancelled and/or converted into shares or 
obligations of the obligor or any other person; 
MREL Disqualification Event means that at any time, all or part of the aggregate 
outstanding nominal amount of such Series Senior of Notes or Non-Preferred Senior Notes is 
or will be excluded fully or partially from eligible liabilities available to meet the MREL 
Requirements, provided that: (a) the exclusion of a Series of Senior Notes or of Non-Preferred 
Senior Notes from the MREL Requirements due to the remaining maturity of such Senior 
Notes or Non-Preferred Senior Notes being less than any period prescribed thereunder, does 
not constitute an MREL Disqualification Event; (b) the exclusion of all or some of a Series of 
Senior Notes from the MREL Requirements due to there being insufficient headroom for such 
Senior Notes within a prescribed exception to the otherwise applicable general requirements 
for eligible liabilities does not constitute an MREL Disqualification Event; and (c) the 
exclusion of all or some of a Series of Senior Notes or Non-Preferred Senior Notes from 
MREL Requirements as a result of such Notes being purchased by or on behalf of the Issuer 
or as a result of a purchase which is funded directly or indirectly by the Issuer, does not 
constitute an MREL Disqualification Event;

--- Page 137 ---
137
MREL Requirements means the laws, regulations, requirements, guidelines, rules, standards 
and policies relating to minimum requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities and/or 
loss-absorbing capacity instruments applicable to the Issuer and/or the BPS Group, from time 
to time (including any applicable transitional provisions), including, without limitation to the 
generality of the foregoing, any delegated or implementing acts (such as regulatory technical 
standards) adopted by the European Commission and any regulations, requirements, 
guidelines, rules, standards and policies relating to minimum requirements for own funds and 
eligible liabilities and/or loss absorbing capacity instruments adopted by the Republic of Italy, 
a relevant Competent Authority, a Relevant Resolution Authority or the European Banking 
Authority from time to time (whether or not such requirements, guidelines or policies are 
applied generally or specifically to the Issuer and/or the BPS Group), as any of the preceding 
laws, regulations, requirements, guidelines, rules, standards, policies or interpretations may be 
amended, supplemented, superseded or replaced from time to time;
Regulatory Capital Requirements means any requirements contained in the regulations, 
rules, guidelines and policies of the Competent Authority, or of the European Parliament and 
Council then in effect in the Republic of Italy, relating to capital adequacy and applicable to 
the Issuer and/or the BPS Group from time to time (including any applicable transitional 
provisions), including , but not limited to, as at the Issue Date of the relevant Series of Notes, 
the rules contained in, or implementing, the CRD IV Package and the BRRD, delegated or 
implementing acts adopted by the European Commission and guidelines issued by the 
European Banking Authority;
Relevant Resolution Authority means the Italian resolution authority, the Single Resolution 
Board (SRB) established pursuant to the SRM Regulation and/or any other authority entitled 
to exercise or participate in the exercise of any Resolution Power or Loss Absorption Power 
from time to time;
Resolution Power means any statutory write-down, transfer and/or conversion power 
existing from time to time under any laws regulations, rules or requirements relating to the 
resolution of the Issuer, including but not limited to any laws, regulations, rules or 
requirements implementing the BRRD and/or the SRM Regulation; 
SRM Regulation means Regulation (EU) No 806/2014 of the European Parliament and 
Council of 15 July 2014 establishing uniform rules and a uniform procedure for the resolution 
of credit institutions and certain investment firms in the framework of a SRM and a Single 
Resolution Fund and amending Regulation (EU) No 1093/2010, as amended or replaced from 
time to time; and
SRM II Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2019/877 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 20 May 2019 amending Regulation (EU) No 806/2014 as regards the loss-
absorbing and recapitalisation capacity of credit institution capacity of credit institutions and 
investment firms.
6.
TAXATION
All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes, Receipts or Coupons by or on 
behalf of the Issuer will be made without withholding or deduction for or on account of any 
present or future taxes or duties of whatever nature imposed or levied by or on behalf of any 
Tax Jurisdiction unless such withholding or deduction is required by law.
In such event, the Issuer will pay such additional amounts as shall be necessary in order that 
the net amounts received by the holders of the Notes, Receipts or Coupons after such 
withholding or deduction shall equal the respective amounts of principal and interest, in the

--- Page 138 ---
138
case of Senior Notes or Non Preferred Senior Notes (if permitted by the MREL 
Requirements), or interest only, in the case of Subordinated Notes, which would otherwise 
have been receivable in respect of the Notes, Receipts or Coupons, as the case may be, in the 
absence of such withholding or deduction, except that no such additional amounts shall be 
payable: 
(a)
with respect to any Notes, Receipts or Coupons for or on account of imposta 
sostitutiva (at the then applicable rate of tax) pursuant to Italian Legislative Decree 
No. 239 of 1 April 1996 and in all circumstances in which the procedures set forth in 
Legislative Decree No. 239 have not been met or complied with except where such 
procedures have not been met or complied with due to the actions of omissions of the 
Issuer or its agents;
(b)
with respect to any Note, Receipt or Coupon presented for payment:
(i)
in the jurisdiction of incorporation of the Issuer; or
(ii)
by or on behalf of a holder who is liable for such taxes or duties in respect of 
such Note, Receipt or Coupon by reason of his having some connection with 
a Tax Jurisdiction other than the mere holding of such Note, Receipt or 
Coupon; or 
(iii)
by or on behalf of a holder who is entitled to avoid such withholding or 
deduction in respect of such Note, Receipt or Coupon by making or procuring 
a declaration of non-residence or other similar claim for exemption; or 
(iv)
more than 30 days after the Relevant Date (as defined below) except to the 
extent that the holder thereof would have been entitled to an additional 
amount on presenting the same for payment on such thirtieth day assuming 
that day to have been a Payment Day (as defined in Condition 4.6); 
(v)
in the event of payment to a non-Italian resident legal entity or a non-Italian 
resident individual, to the extent that interest or any other amount is paid to a 
non-Italian resident legal entity or a non-Italian resident individual which is 
resident in a country which does not allow for a satisfactory exchange of
information with the Italian authorities; or 
(c)
in respect of any Note, Receipts or Coupons where such withholding or deduction is 
required pursuant to Law Decree No. 512 of 30 September 1983, as amended or 
supplemented from time to time;
(d)
where such withholding or deduction is imposed on a payment pursuant to Sections 
1471 through 1474 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, any regulations or 
agreements thereunder or any official interpretations thereof or any law implementing 
an intergovernmental approach thereto.
As used herein: 
(i)
Tax Jurisdiction means the Republic of Italy (Italy) or any political subdivision of 
any authority thereof or therein having power to tax; and 
(ii)
Relevant Date means the date on which such payment first becomes due, except that, 
if the full amount of the moneys payable has not been duly received by the Principal 
Paying Agent or the Trustee on or prior to such due date, it means the date on which,

--- Page 139 ---
139
the full amount of such moneys having been so received, notice to that effect is duly
given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 12.
7.
PRESCRIPTION
The Notes, Receipts and Coupons will become void unless claims in respect of principal 
and/or interest are made within a period of 10 years (in the case of principal) and five years 
(in the case of interest) after the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 6) therefor.
There shall not be included in any Coupon sheet issued on exchange of a Talon any Coupon
the claim for payment in respect of which would be void pursuant to this Condition or 
Condition 4.2 or any Talon which would be void pursuant to Condition 4.2.
8.
EVENTS OF DEFAULT AND ENFORCEMENT
8.1
Events of Default relating to Senior Notes, Non-Preferred Senior Notes and Subordinated 
Notes
The Trustee, at its discretion, may, and if so requested in writing by the holders of at least one 
quarter in principal amount of the Notes then outstanding, or if so directed by an 
Extraordinary Resolution (as defined in the Trust Deed) of the Noteholders, shall (subject in 
each case to the Trustee being indemnified and/or secured and/or prefunded to its satisfaction) 
give notice to the Issuer that each Note is, and each Note shall thereupon immediately 
become, due and repayable at its Early Redemption Amount together with accrued interest as 
provided in the Trust Deed if any of the following events (an Event of Default) shall occur:
(a)
the Issuer shall be liquidated (including becoming subject to Liquidazione Coatta 
Amministrativa as defined in the Italian Consolidated Banking Act); or
(b)
the Issuer shall otherwise be insolvent.
No Event of Default for the Notes shall occur other than in the context of an insolvency 
proceeding in respect of the Issuer (and, for the avoidance of doubt, resolution proceeding(s) 
or moratoria imposed by a resolution authority in respect of the Issuer shall not constitute an 
Event of Default for the Notes for any purpose).
8.2
Enforcement
The Trustee may at any time, at its discretion and without notice, take such proceedings 
against the Issuer as it may think fit to enforce the obligations of the Trust Deed, the Notes, 
the Receipts and the Coupons, but it shall not be bound to take any such proceedings or any 
other action in relation to the Trust Deed, the Notes, the Receipts or the Coupons unless (a) it 
shall have been so directed by an Extraordinary Resolution or so requested in writing by the 
holders of at least one-quarter in nominal amount of the Notes then outstanding and (b) it 
shall have been indemnified and/or secured and/or pre-funded to its satisfaction provided that, 
in the case of Non-Preferred Senior Notes and Subordinated Notes, the Issuer shall not by
virtue of the institution of such proceedings, other than proceedings for the winding up or 
dissolution of the Issuer, be obliged to pay any sum or sums sooner than the same would 
otherwise have been payable by it pursuant to the Conditions and the Trust Deed.
No Noteholder, Receiptholder or Couponholder shall be entitled to proceed directly against
the Issuer unless the Trustee, having become bound so to proceed, fails so to do within a 
reasonable period and the failure shall be continuing.

--- Page 140 ---
140
Proceedings for the winding-up or liquidation of the Issuer may only be initiated in the 
Republic of Italy (and not elsewhere), by the Trustee on behalf of the Noteholders, in 
accordance with the laws of the Republic of Italy.
9.
REPLACEMENT OF NOTES, RECEIPTS, COUPONS AND TALONS
Should any Note, Receipt, Coupon or Talon be lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it 
may be replaced at the specified office of the Principal Paying Agent upon payment by the 
claimant of such costs and expenses as may be incurred in connection therewith and on such 
terms as to evidence and indemnity as the Issuer may reasonably require. Mutilated or 
defaced Notes, Receipts, Coupons or Talons must be surrendered before replacements will be 
issued.
10.
AGENTS
The initial Agents are set out above. If any additional Paying Agents are appointed in 
connection with any Series, the names of such Paying Agents will be specified in Part B of 
the form of Final Terms.
The Issuer is entitled, with the prior written approval of the Trustee, to vary or terminate the 
appointment of any Agent and/or appoint additional or other Agents and/or approve any 
change in the specified office through which any Agent acts, provided that:
(a)
there will at all times be a Principal Paying Agent; 
(b)
there will at all times be a paying agent in a jurisdiction within Europe, other than 
Italy; and 
(c)
so long as the Notes are listed on any stock exchange or admitted to listing by any 
other relevant authority, there will at all times be a Paying Agent (with a specified 
office in such place as may be required by the rules and regulations of the relevant 
stock exchange or other relevant authority).
In addition, the Issuer shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent having a specified office in 
New York City in the circumstances described in Condition 4.5. Notice of any variation, 
termination, appointment or change in Paying Agents will be given to the Noteholders 
promptly by the Issuer in accordance with Condition 12.
In acting under the Agency Agreement for the English Law Notes, the Agents act solely as 
agents of the Issuer and, in certain circumstances specified therein, of the Trustee and do not 
assume any obligation to, or relationship of agency or trust with, any Noteholder, 
Receiptholder or Couponholder. The Agency Agreement for the English Law Notes contains 
provisions permitting any entity into which any Agent is merged or converted or with which it 
is consolidated or to which it transfers all or substantially all of its assets to become the 
successor agent.
11.
EXCHANGE OF TALONS
On and after the Interest Payment Date on which the final Coupon comprised in any Coupon 
sheet matures, the Talon (if any) forming part of such Coupon sheet may be surrendered at the 
specified office of any Paying Agent in exchange for a further Coupon sheet including (if 
such further Coupon sheet does not include Coupons to (and including) the final date for the 
payment of interest due in respect of the Note to which it appertains) a further Talon, subject 
to the provisions of Condition 7.

--- Page 141 ---
141
12.
NOTICES
All notices regarding the Notes will be deemed to be validly given if published if and for so 
long as the Notes are admitted to trading on, and listed on the Official List of, the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange, a daily newspaper of general circulation in Luxembourg or the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange's website, www.bourse.lu. It is expected that any such 
publication in a newspaper will be made in the Luxemburger Wort or the Tageblatt in 
Luxembourg. The Issuer shall also ensure that notices are duly published in a manner which 
complies with the rules of any stock exchange or other relevant authority on which the Notes 
are for the time being listed or by which they have been admitted to trading including 
publication on the website of the relevant stock exchange or relevant authority if required by 
those rules. Any such notice will be deemed to have been given on the date of the first 
publication or, where required to be published in more than one newspaper, on the date of the 
first publication in all required newspapers. If publication as provided above is not 
practicable, a notice will be given in such other manner, and will be deemed to have been 
given on such date, as the Trustee shall approve.
Until such time as any definitive Notes are issued, there may, so long as any Global Notes 
representing the Notes are held in their entirety on behalf of Euroclear and/or Clearstream,
Luxembourg, be substituted for such publication in such newspaper(s) or such websites the 
delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg for 
communication by them to the holders of the Notes and, in addition, for so long as any Notes 
are listed on a stock exchange or are admitted to trading by another relevant authority and the 
rules of that stock exchange or relevant authority so require, such notice will be published on 
the website of the relevant stock exchange or relevant authority and/or in a daily newspaper of 
general circulation in the place or places required by those rules. Any such notice shall be 
deemed to have been given to the holders of the Notes on the second day after the day on 
which the said notice was given to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg.
Notices to be given by any Noteholder shall be in writing and given by lodging the same, 
together (in the case of any Note in definitive form) with the relative Note or Notes, with the 
Principal Paying Agent. Whilst any of the Notes are represented by a Global Note, such 
notice may be given by any holder of a Note to the Principal Paying Agent through Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, in such manner as the Principal Paying 
Agent, and Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, may approve for 
this purpose.
13.
MEETINGS 
OF 
NOTEHOLDERS, 
MODIFICATION, 
WAIVER 
AND 
SUBSTITUTION 
The Trust Deed contains provisions for convening meetings of the Noteholders (including by 
way of conference call) to consider any matter affecting their interests, including the 
sanctioning by Extraordinary Resolution of a modification of the Notes, the Receipts, the 
Coupons or any of the provisions of the Trust Deed. Such a meeting may be convened by the
Issuer or the Trustee and shall be convened by the Issuer if required in writing by Noteholders 
holding not less than 10 per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being 
remaining outstanding. The quorum at any such meeting for passing an Extraordinary 
Resolution is two or more persons holding or representing not less than 50 per cent. in 
nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding, or at any adjourned meeting two 
or more persons being or representing Noteholders whatever the nominal amount of the Notes 
so held or represented, except that at any meeting the business of which includes the 
modification of certain provisions of the Notes, the Receipts or the Coupons or the Trust 
Deed (including modifying the date of maturity of the Notes or any date for payment of 
interest thereon, reducing or cancelling the amount of principal or the rate of interest payable

--- Page 142 ---
142
in respect of the Notes, or altering the currency of payment of the Notes, the Receipts or the 
Coupons or amending in certain respects), the quorum shall be two or more persons holding 
or representing not less than two-thirds in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being 
outstanding, or at any adjourned such meeting one or more persons holding or representing 
not less than one-third in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding. The 
Trust Deed provides that (i) a resolution passed at a meeting duly convened and held in 
accordance with the Trust Deed by a majority consisting of not less than three-fourths of the 
votes cast on such resolution, (ii) a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of the holders 
of not less than three-fourths in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding 
or (iii) consent given by way of electronic consents through the relevant clearing system(s) (in 
a form satisfactory to the Trustee) by or on behalf of the holders of not less than three-fourths 
in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding, shall, in each case, be 
effective as an Extraordinary Resolution of the Noteholders. An Extraordinary Resolution 
passed by the Noteholders will be binding on all the Noteholders, whether or not they are 
present at any meeting, and whether or not they voted on the resolution, and on all 
Receiptholders and Couponholders.
The Trustee may agree, without the consent of the Noteholders, Receiptholders or 
Couponholders, to any modification of, or to the waiver or authorisation of any breach or 
proposed breach of, any of the provisions of the Notes or the Trust Deed, or determine, 
without any such consent as aforesaid, that any Event of Default or potential Event of Default 
shall not be treated as such, where, in any such case, it is not, in the opinion of the Trustee, 
materially prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders so to do or may agree, without any 
such consent as aforesaid, to any modification which is of a formal, minor or technical nature 
or to correct a manifest error including without limitation where required in order to comply 
with mandatory provisions of law. In addition, the Trustee shall be obliged to concur with the 
Issuer in effecting any Benchmark Amendments in the circumstances and as otherwise set out 
in Condition 3.4 (Benchmark Discontinuation) without the consent of the Noteholders, 
Receiptholders or Couponholders, subject (to the extent required) to the Issuer giving any 
notice required to be given to, and receiving any consent required from, or non-objection 
from, the Competent Authority. Any such modification shall be binding on the Noteholders, 
the Receiptholders and the Couponholders and any such modification shall be notified to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 12 as soon as practicable thereafter.
In connection with the exercise by it of any of its trusts, powers, authorities and discretions 
(including, without limitation, any modification, waiver, authorisation or determination), the 
Trustee shall have regard to the general interests of the Noteholders as a class (but shall not 
have regard to any interests arising from circumstances particular to individual Noteholders, 
Receiptholders or Couponholders whatever their number) and, in particular but without 
limitation, shall not have regard to the consequences of any such exercise for individual 
Noteholders, Receiptholders or Couponholders (whatever their number) resulting from their 
being for any purpose domiciled or resident in, or otherwise connected with, or subject to the 
jurisdiction of, any particular territory or any political sub-division thereof and the Trustee 
shall not be entitled to require, nor shall any Noteholder, Receiptholder or Couponholder be 
entitled to claim, from the Issuer, the Trustee or any other person any indemnification or 
payment in respect of any tax consequences of any such exercise upon individual 
Noteholders, Receiptholders or Couponholders except to the extent already provided for in 
Condition Prescription and/or any undertaking or covenant given in addition to, or in 
substitution for, Condition Prescription pursuant to the Trust Deed.
The Trustee may, without the consent of the Noteholders, agree with the Issuer to the 
substitution in place of the Issuer (or of any previous substitute under this Condition) as the 
principal debtor under the Notes, the Receipts, the Coupons and the Trust Deed of another

--- Page 143 ---
143
company, being a Subsidiary of the Issuer, subject to (i) the Notes being unconditionally and 
irrevocably guaranteed by the Issuer, provided that any such guarantee shall have the same 
ranking as the Issuer’s obligations in respect of the Notes (and in any case shall not rank 
Senior to the Notes), (ii) the Trustee being satisfied that the interests of the Noteholders will 
not be materially prejudiced by the substitution, (iii) compliance by the Issuer with relevant 
Regulatory Capital Requirements and/or MREL Requirements as certified in writing to the 
Trustee in a certificate signed by two authorised signatories of the Issuer (upon which 
certificate the Trustee is entitled to rely absolutely without enquiry or liability) and (iv)
certain other conditions set out in the Trust Deed being complied with.
For the avoidance of doubt, any variation of these Conditions, the Trust Deed and the Agency 
Agreement for the English Law Notes to give effect to the Benchmark Amendments in 
accordance with Condition 3.4 (Benchmark Discontinuation) shall not require the consent or 
approval of Noteholders, Receiptholders or Couponholders.
In addition, with respect to (i) any Series of Senior Notes or Non-Preferred Senior Notes, if at 
any time a MREL Disqualification Event occurs, and if Substitution or Variation is specified 
as being applicable in the form of Final Terms, or (ii) all Notes, if Substitution or Variation is 
specified as being applicable in the form of Final Terms, in order to ensure the effectiveness 
and enforceability of Condition 18 (Statutory Loss Absorption Powers), then the Issuer may, 
subject as provided in the Trust Deed and subject to giving any notice required to be given to, 
and receiving any consent required from, the Competent Authority and/or as appropriate the 
Relevant Resolution Authority (without any requirement for the consent or approval of the 
holders of the relevant Notes of that Series) and having given not less than 30 nor more than 
60 days' notice to the Trustee and the holders of the Notes of that Series (or such other notice 
periods as may be specified in the form of Final Terms), at any time either substitute all (but 
not some only) of such Notes, or vary the terms of such Notes so that they remain or, as 
appropriate, become, Qualifying Senior Notes, Qualifying Non-Preferred Senior Notes or 
Qualifying Subordinated Notes, as applicable, provided that such variation or substitution 
does not itself give rise to any right of the Issuer to redeem the varied or substituted securities. 
The Trustee shall, at the expense of the Issuer, agree to such modification or variation without 
the consent of holders.
In these Conditions:
Qualifying Non-Preferred Senior Notes means securities issued by the Issuer that:
(a)
other than in respect of the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 18, have 
terms not materially less favourable to a holder of the Non-Preferred Senior Notes (as 
reasonably determined by the Issuer) than the terms of the Non-Preferred Senior 
Notes and provided that a certification to such effect (including in respect of the 
matters specified in (A) to (F) below) signed by two authorised signatories of the 
Issuer shall have been delivered to the Trustee (upon which the Trustee shall be 
entitled to rely without any enquiry or liability) prior to the issue of the relevant notes, 
and they shall also (A) contain terms which at such time result in such securities being 
eligible to count towards fulfilment of the Issuer’s and/or the BPS Group’s (as 
applicable) minimum requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities under the 
then applicable MREL Requirements; (B) have a ranking at least equal to that of the 
Non-Preferred Senior Notes; (C) have at least the same interest rate and the same 
Interest Payment Dates as those from time to time applying to the Non-Preferred 
Senior Notes; (D) have the same redemption rights as the Non-Preferred Senior 
Notes; (E) preserve any existing rights under the Notes to any accrued but unpaid 
interest in respect of the period from (and including) the Interest Payment Date
immediately preceding the date of variation or substitution; and (F) in the event the

--- Page 144 ---
144
Notes carry a rating immediately prior to such variation or substitution, are assigned 
(or maintain) the same solicited credit ratings as were assigned to the Non-Preferred 
Senior Notes immediately prior to such variation or substitution, unless any 
downgrade is solely attributable to the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 
18 ; and
(b)
are listed on a recognised stock exchange if the Non-Preferred Senior Notes were 
listed immediately prior to such variation or substitution.
Qualifying Senior Notes means securities issued by the Issuer that:
(a)
other than in respect of the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 18, have 
terms not materially less favourable to a holder of the Senior Notes (as reasonably 
determined by the Issuer) than the terms of the Senior Notes and provided that a 
certification to such effect (including in respect of the matters specified in (A) to (F) 
below) signed by two authorised signatories of the Issuer shall have been delivered to 
the Trustee (upon which the Trustee shall be entitled to rely without any enquiry or 
liability) prior to the issue of the relevant notes, and they shall also (A) contain terms 
which at such time result in such securities being eligible to count towards fulfilment 
of the Issuer’s and/or the BPS Group’s (as applicable) minimum requirements for 
own funds and eligible liabilities under the then applicable MREL Requirements; (B) 
have a ranking at least equal to that of the Senior Notes; (C) have at least the same 
interest rate and the same Interest Payment Dates as those from time to time applying 
to the Senior Notes; (D) have the same redemption rights as the Senior Notes; (E) 
preserve any existing rights under the Notes to any accrued but unpaid interest in 
respect of the period from (and including) the Interest Payment Date immediately 
preceding the date of variation or substitution; and (F) in the event the Notes carry a 
rating immediately prior to such variation or substitution, are assigned (or maintain)
the same solicited credit ratings as were assigned to the Senior Notes immediately
prior to such variation or substitution, unless any downgrade is solely attributable to 
the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 18 ; and
(b)
are listed on a recognised stock exchange if the Senior Notes were listed immediately 
prior to such variation or substitution.
Qualifying Subordinated Notes means securities issued by the Issuer that:
(a) 
other than in respect of the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 18, have 
terms not materially less favourable to a holder of the Subordinated Notes (as 
reasonably determined by the Issuer) than the terms of the Subordinated Notes and 
provided that a certification to such effect (including in respect of the matters 
specified in (A) to (F) below) signed by two authorised signatories of the Issuer shall 
have been delivered to the Trustee (upon which the Trustee shall be entitled to rely 
without any enquiry or liability) prior to the issue of the relevant notes, and they shall 
also (A) comply with the then-current requirements of the Regulatory Capital 
Requirements in relation to Tier 2 capital, (B) have a ranking at least equal to that of 
the Subordinated Notes; (C) have at least the same interest rate and the same Interest 
Payment Dates as those from time to time applying to the Subordinated Notes; (D) 
have the same redemption rights as the Subordinated Notes; (E) preserve any existing 
rights under the Notes to any accrued interest but unpaid interest in respect of the 
period from (and including) the Interest Payment Date immediately preceding the date 
of variation or substitution; and (F) in the event the Notes carry a rating immediately 
prior to such variation or substitution, are assigned (or maintain) the same solicited 
credit ratings as were assigned to the Subordinated Notes immediately prior to such

--- Page 145 ---
145
variation or substitution, unless any downgrade is solely attributable to the 
effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 18; and
(b)
are listed on a recognised stock exchange if the Subordinated Notes were listed 
immediately prior to such variation or substitution.
For avoidance of doubt, any variation or substitution pursuant to this Condition 13 is 
subject to the provisions of Condition 5.13 (in respect of Senior Notes and Non-
Preferred Senior Notes) and Condition 5.14 (in respect of Subordinated Notes).  
14.
INDEMNIFICATION OF THE TRUSTEE
The Trust Deed contains provisions for the indemnification of the Trustee and for its relief 
from responsibility, including:
(a)
provisions relieving it from taking proceedings unless indemnified and/or secured 
and/or prefunded to its satisfaction; and
(b)
provisions limiting or excluding its liability in certain circumstances. The Trustee is 
entitled to enter into business transactions with the Issuer and any entity related to the 
Issuer without accounting for any profit. The Trust Deed provides that, when 
determining whether an indemnity or any security or pre-funding is satisfactory to it, 
the Trustee shall be entitled (i) to evaluate its risk in any given circumstance by
considering the worst-case scenario and (ii) to require that any indemnity or security 
given to it by the Noteholders or any of them be given on a joint and several basis and 
be supported by evidence satisfactory to it as to the financial standing and 
creditworthiness of each counterparty and/or as to the value of the security and an 
opinion as to the capacity, power and authority of each counterparty and/or the 
validity and effectiveness of the security.
The Trustee may rely without liability to Noteholders on a report, confirmation or certificate 
or opinion or any advice of any accountants, financial advisers, financial institution or other 
expert, whether or not addressed to it and whether their liability in relation thereto is limited 
(by its terms or by any engagement letter relating thereto entered into by the Trustee or in any 
other manner) by reference to a monetary cap, methodology or otherwise. The Trustee may 
accept and shall be entitled to rely on any such report, opinion, confirmation or certificate or 
advice and such report, opinion, confirmation, or certificate or advice shall be binding on the 
Issuer the Trustee and the Noteholders, Receiptholders and Couponholders. 
The Trustee may refrain from taking any action in any jurisdiction if the taking of such action 
in that jurisdiction would, in its opinion based upon legal advice in the relevant jurisdiction, 
be contrary to any law of that jurisdiction. Furthermore, the Trustee may also refrain from 
taking such action if it would otherwise render it liable to any person in that jurisdiction or if, 
in its opinion based upon such legal advice, it would not have the power to do the relevant 
thing in that jurisdiction by virtue of any applicable law in that jurisdiction or if it is 
determined by any court or other competent authority in that jurisdiction that it does not have 
such power. 
The Trust Deed also contains provisions pursuant to which the Trustee is entitled, inter alia, 
(a) to enter into business transactions with the Issuer and/or any of its subsidiaries and to act 
as trustee for the holders of any other securities issued or guaranteed by, or relating to, the 
Issuer and/or any of its subsidiaries, (b) to exercise and enforce its rights, comply with its 
obligations and perform its duties under or in relation to any such transactions or, as the case 
may be, any such trusteeship without regard to the interests of, or consequences for, the

--- Page 146 ---
146
Noteholders, Receiptholders or Couponholders and (c) to retain and not be liable to account 
for any profit made or any other amount or benefit received thereby or in connection 
therewith.
15.
FURTHER ISSUES
The Issuer shall be at liberty from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders, the 
Receiptholders or the Couponholders to create and issue further notes having terms and 
conditions the same as the Notes or the same in all respects save for the amount and date of 
the first payment of interest thereon and the date from which interest starts to accrue and so 
that the same shall be consolidated and form a single Series with the outstanding Notes.
16.
CONTRACTS (RIGHTS OF THIRD PARTIES) ACT 1999
No person shall have any right to enforce any term or condition of this Note under the 
Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999, but this does not affect any right or remedy of 
any person which exists or is available apart from that Act.
17.
GOVERNING LAW AND SUBMISSION TO JURISDICTION
17.1
Governing law
The Trust Deed (except for Clause 4.3 and Clause 4.4), the Agency Agreement for the 
English Law Notes, the Notes (except for Condition 2.2, Condition 2.3 and Condition 18), the 
Receipts and the Coupons and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection 
with the Trust Deed, the Agency Agreement for the English Law Notes, the Notes, the 
Receipts and the Coupons are governed by, and construed in accordance with, English law. 
Each of Condition 2.2, Condition 2.3, Condition 18 and Clause 4.3 and Clause 4.4 of the 
Trust Deed are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, Italian law.
17.2
Submission to jurisdiction
(a)
The English courts have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute arising out of or in 
connection with the Trust Deed, the Notes, the Receipts and/or the Coupons, including any 
dispute as to their existence, validity, interpretation, performance, breach or termination or the 
consequences of their nullity and any dispute relating to any non-contractual obligations 
arising out of or in connection with the Trust Deed, the Notes, the Receipts and/or the 
Coupons (a Dispute) and accordingly each of the Issuer and the Trustee and any Noteholders, 
Receiptholders or Couponholders in relation to any Dispute submits to the exclusive 
jurisdiction of the English courts.
(b)
For the purposes of this Condition 17.2, the Issuer waives any objection to the English courts 
on the grounds that they are an inconvenient or inappropriate forum to settle any Dispute. 
17.3
Appointment of Process Agent 
The Issuer irrevocably appoints Law Debenture Corporate Services Limited at Fifth Floor, 
100 Wood Street, London, EC2V 7EX as its agent for service of process in any proceedings 
before the English courts in relation to any Dispute and agrees that, in the event of Law 
Debenture Corporate Services Limited being unable or unwilling for any reason so to act, it 
will immediately appoint another person approved by the Trustee as its agent for service of 
process in England in respect of any Dispute. The Issuer agrees that failure by a process agent 
to notify it of any process will not invalidate service. Nothing herein shall affect the right to 
serve process in any other manner permitted by law.

--- Page 147 ---
147
17.4
Other documents 
The Issuer has in the Trust Deed and Agency Agreement for the English Law Notes submitted 
to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts and appointed an agent for service of 
process in terms substantially similar to those set out above.
18.
STATUTORY LOSS ABSORPTION POWERS
By the acquisition of the Notes, each Noteholder acknowledges and agrees to be bound by the 
exercise of any Loss Absorption Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority that may result 
in the write-down or cancellation of all or a portion of the principal amount of, or 
distributions on, the Notes and/or the conversion of all or a portion of the principal amount of, 
or distributions on, the Notes into ordinary shares or other obligations of the Issuer or another 
person, including by means of a variation to the terms of the Notes to give effect to the 
exercise by the Relevant Resolution Authority of such Loss Absorption Power. Each 
Noteholder further agrees that the rights of the Noteholders are subject to, and will be varied 
if necessary so as to give effect to, the exercise of any Loss Absorption Power by the 
Relevant Resolution Authority.
Upon the Issuer being informed and notified by the Relevant Resolution Authority of the 
actual exercise of the date from which the Loss Absorption Power is effective with respect to 
the Notes, the Issuer shall notify the Noteholders without delay. Any delay or failure by the 
Issuer to give notice shall not affect the validity and enforceability of the Loss Absorption 
Power nor the effects on the Notes described in this Condition.
The exercise of the Loss Absorption Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority with respect 
to the Notes shall not constitute an Event of Default and the terms and conditions of the Notes 
shall continue to apply in relation to the residual principal amount of, or outstanding amount 
payable with respect to, the Notes subject to any modification of the amount of distributions 
payable to reflect the reduction of the principal amount, and any further modification of the 
terms that the Relevant Resolution Authority may decide in accordance with applicable laws 
and regulations relating to the resolution of credit institutions, investment firms and/or Group 
Entities incorporated in the relevant Member State.
Each Noteholder also acknowledges and agrees that this provision is exhaustive on the 
matters described herein to the exclusion of any other agreements, arrangements or 
understandings relating to the application of any Loss Absorption Power to the Notes.

--- Page 148 ---
148
TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR THE ITALIAN LAW NOTES
The following are the terms and conditions applicable to each series of notes to be governed under 
Italian law (respectively, the “Italian Law Notes” or the “Notes” and the “Terms and Conditions for 
the Italian Law Notes” or the “Terms and Conditions”) which will be endorsed on each global note 
(as defined below) and each definitive note, in the latter case only if permitted by the relevant stock 
exchange or other relevant authority (if any) and agreed by the issuer and the relevant dealer at the 
time of issue but, if not so permitted and agreed, such definitive note will have endorsed thereon or 
attached thereto such terms and conditions. The applicable pricing supplement in relation to any 
tranche of exempt notes may specify other terms and conditions which shall, to the extent so specified 
or to the extent inconsistent with the following terms and conditions, replace or modify the following
terms and conditions for the purpose of such notes. The form of final terms (or the relevant provisions 
thereof) will be endorsed upon, or attached to, each global note and definitive note. reference should 
be made to "Form of Final Terms" for a description of the content of final terms which will specify 
which of such terms are to apply in relation to the relevant notes.
This Note is one of a Series (as defined below) of Notes governed by Italian Law (the Italian Law 
Notes) issued by Banca Popolare di Sondrio S.C.p.A. (the Issuer) pursuant to the Agency Agreement 
for the Italian Law Notes (as defined below).
References herein to the Notes shall be references to the Notes of this Series and shall mean:
(a)
in relation to any Notes represented by a global Note (a Global Note), units of each Specified 
Denomination in the Specified Currency;
(b)
any Global Note; and
(c)
any definitive Notes in bearer form (Bearer Notes) issued in exchange for a Global Note in 
bearer form.
The Notes, the Receipts (as defined below) and the Coupons (as defined below) have the benefit of an 
Agency Agreement for the Italian Law Notes (such Agency Agreement as amended and/or 
supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the Agency Agreement for the Italian Law Notes) 
dated 8 October 2021 and made between the Issuer, Citibank N.A., London Branch as issuing and 
principal paying agent (the Principal Paying Agent, which expression shall include any successor 
principal paying agent) and the other paying agents named therein (together with the Principal Paying 
Agent, the Paying Agents, which expression shall include any additional or successor paying agents). 
The Principal Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent (if any is specified in the applicable Final Terms)
and the Paying Agents, together referred to as the Agents.
The final terms for this Note (or the relevant provisions thereof) are set out in Part A of the Final 
Terms attached to or endorsed on this Note which complete these Terms and Conditions for the Italian
Law Notes (the Conditions) or, if this Note is a Note which is neither admitted to trading (i) on a 
regulated market in the European Economic Area or (ii) a UK regulated market as defined in 
Regulation (EU) No. 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018, nor offered in (i) the European Economic Area or (ii) the UK in 
circumstances where a prospectus is required to be published under the Prospectus Regulation or the 
Financial Services and Markets Act 200, as the case may be (an Exempt Note), the final terms (or the 
relevant provisions thereof) are set out in Part A of the Pricing Supplement and may specify other 
terms and conditions which shall, to the extent so specified or to the extent inconsistent with the 
Conditions, replace or modify the Conditions for the purposes of this Note. References to the form of 
Final Terms are, unless otherwise stated, to Part A of the Final Terms (or the relevant provisions 
thereof) attached to or endorsed on this Note. Any reference in the Conditions to form of Final

--- Page 149 ---
149
Terms shall be deemed to include a reference to applicable Pricing Supplement where relevant. The 
expression Prospectus Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129.
Interest bearing definitive Notes have interest coupons (Coupons) and, in the case of Notes which, 
when issued in definitive form, have more than 27 interest payments remaining, talons for further 
Coupons (Talons) attached on issue. Any reference herein to Coupons or coupons shall, unless the 
context otherwise requires, be deemed to include a reference to Talons or talons. Exempt Notes in 
definitive form which are repayable in instalments have receipts (Receipts) for the payment of the 
instalments of principal (other than the final instalment) attached on issue. Global Notes do not have 
Receipts, Coupons or Talons attached on issue.
Any reference to Noteholders or holders in relation to any Notes shall mean the holders of the Notes 
and shall, in relation to any Notes represented by a Global Note, be construed as provided below. Any 
reference herein to Receiptholders shall mean the holders of the Receipts and any reference herein to 
Couponholders shall mean the holders of the Coupons and shall, unless the context otherwise 
requires, include the holders of the Talons. 
As used herein, Tranche means Notes which are identical in all respects (including as to listing and 
admission to trading) and Series means a Tranche of Notes together with any further Tranche or 
Tranches of Notes which (a) are expressed to be consolidated and form a single series and (b) have 
the same terms and conditions or terms and conditions which are the same in all respects save for the 
amount and date of the first payment of interest thereon and the date from which interest starts to 
accrue.
Copies of the Agency Agreement for the Italian Law Notes (i) are available for inspection or 
collection during normal business hours at the specified office of each of the Paying Agents or (ii) 
may be provided by email to a Noteholder following prior written request to the relevant Paying 
Agent therefor and provision of proof of holding and identity (in form satisfactory to the relevant 
Paying Agent, as the case may be). If the Notes are to be admitted to trading on the regulated market 
of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange the form of Final Terms will be published on the website of the
Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu). If this Note is an Exempt Note, the applicable Pricing 
Supplement will only be obtainable by a Noteholder holding one or more Notes and such Noteholder 
must produce evidence satisfactory to the Issuer and the relevant Agent as to its holding of such Notes 
and identity. The Noteholders, the Receiptholders and the Couponholders are deemed to have notice 
of, and are entitled to the benefit of, all the provisions of the Agency Agreement for the Italian Law 
Notes and the form of Final Terms which are applicable to them. The statements in the Conditions 
include summaries of, and are subject to, the detailed provisions of the Agency Agreement for the 
Italian Law Notes.
Words and expressions defined in the Agency Agreement for the Italian Law Notes or used in the 
form of Final Terms shall have the same meanings where used in the Conditions unless the context 
otherwise requires or unless otherwise stated and provided that, in the event of inconsistency between 
the Agency Agreement for the Italian Law Notes and the form of Final Terms, the form of Final 
Terms will prevail.
In the Conditions, euro means the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European 
economic and monetary union pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, as 
amended.
1.
FORM, DENOMINATION AND TITLE
The Notes are in bearer form and, in the case of definitive Notes, serially numbered, in the 
currency (the Specified Currency) and the denominations (the Specified Denomination(s))
specified in the form of Final Terms, provided that (i) the minimum Specified Denomination

--- Page 150 ---
150
of each Note which is specified in the form of Final Terms as being a Senior Note or a 
Subordinated Note shall be Euro 100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency as at the 
date of issue of the relevant Notes) and (ii) the minimum Specified Denomination of each 
Note which is specified in the form of Final Terms as being a Non-Preferred Senior Note 
shall be Euro 250,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency as at the date of issue of the 
relevant Notes). Notes of one Specified Denomination may not be exchanged for Notes of 
another Specified Denomination.
Unless this Note is an Exempt Note, this Note may be a Fixed Rate Note, a Reset Note, a
Floating Rate Note or a Zero Coupon Note, or a combination of any of the foregoing, 
depending upon the Interest Basis shown in the form of Final Terms.
If this Note is an Exempt Note, this Note may be a Fixed Rate Note, a Reset Note, a Floating 
Rate Note, a Zero Coupon Note, an Index Linked Interest Note, a Dual Currency Interest 
Note or a combination of any of the foregoing, depending upon the Interest Basis shown in 
the applicable Pricing Supplement.
If this Note is an Exempt Note, this Note may also be an Index Linked Redemption Note, an 
Instalment Note, a Dual Currency Redemption Note, a Partly Paid Note or a combination of 
any of the foregoing, depending upon the Redemption/Payment Basis shown in the applicable 
Pricing Supplement.
This Note may also be a Senior Note, a Non-Preferred Senior Note or a Subordinated Note, as 
indicated in the form of Final Terms.
Definitive Notes are issued with Coupons attached, unless they are Zero Coupon Notes in 
which case references to Coupons and Couponholders in the Conditions are not applicable.
Subject as set out below, title to the Notes, Receipts and Coupons will pass by delivery in 
accordance with applicable law. The Issuer and any Agent will (except as otherwise required 
by law) deem and treat the bearer of any Note, Receipt or Coupon as the absolute owner 
thereof (whether or not overdue and notwithstanding any notice of ownership or writing 
thereon or notice of any previous loss or theft thereof) for all purposes but, in the case of any 
Global Note, without prejudice to the provisions set out in the next succeeding paragraph.
For so long as any of the Notes is represented by a Global Note held on behalf of Euroclear 
Bank SA/NV (Euroclear) and/or Clearstream Banking S.A. (Clearstream, Luxembourg), 
each person (other than Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg) who is for the time being 
shown in the records of Euroclear or of Clearstream, Luxembourg as the holder of a particular 
nominal amount of such Notes (in which regard any certificate or other document issued by 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as to the nominal amount of such Notes standing to 
the account of any person shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes save in the case of 
manifest error) shall be treated by the Issuer and the Agents as the holder of such nominal 
amount of such Notes for all purposes other than with respect to the payment of principal or 
interest on such nominal amount of such Notes, for which purpose the bearer of the relevant 
Global Note shall be treated by the Issuer and any Agent as the holder of such nominal 
amount of such Notes in accordance with and subject to the terms of the relevant Global Note 
and the expressions Noteholder and holder of Notes and related expressions shall be 
construed accordingly.
Notes which are represented by a Global Note will be transferable only in accordance with the 
rules and procedures for the time being of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the 
case may be. References to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, whenever the 
context so permits, be deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing

--- Page 151 ---
151
system specified in Part B of the form of Final Terms.
2.
STATUS OF THE NOTES AND SUBORDINATION
The form of Final Terms will indicate whether the Notes are Senior Notes, Non-Preferred 
Senior Notes or Subordinated Notes and, in the case of Subordinated Notes, the applicable 
subordination provisions.
2.1
Status of the Senior Notes
The Senior Notes and any relative Receipts and Coupons constitute direct, unconditional, 
unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the Issuer, ranking (subject to any obligations 
preferred by any applicable law) pari passu with all other unsecured obligations (other than 
obligations ranking junior to the Senior Notes from time to time (including Non-Preferred 
Senior Notes and any further obligations permitted by law to rank, or expressed to rank, 
junior to the Senior Notes, on or following the Issue Date), if any) of the Issuer, present and 
future and pari passu and rateably without any preference among themselves. 
Each holder of a Senior Note unconditionally and irrevocably waives any right of set-off, 
netting, counterclaim, abatement or other similar remedy which it might otherwise have under 
the laws of any jurisdiction in respect of such Senior Note. 
For the avoidance of doubt, there is no negative pledge provision in these Conditions.
2.2
Status of the Non-Preferred Senior Notes
(a)
The Non-Preferred Senior Notes (being Notes intended to qualify as strumenti di debito 
chirografario di secondo livello of the Issuer, as defined under Article 12-bis of the Italian 
Consolidated Banking Act), any related Receipts and Coupons constitute direct, 
unconditional, unsubordinated, and unsecured and non-preferred obligations of the Issuer. In 
the event of the liquidation of the Issuer (including in the event that the Issuer becomes 
subject to an order for Liquidazione Coatta Amministrativa, as defined in the Italian 
Consolidated Banking Act) or insolvency of the Issuer, the payment obligations of the Issuer 
under the Non-Preferred Senior Notes and any relative Receipts and Coupons will rank in 
right of payment:
(i)
junior to Senior Notes and any other unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the 
Issuer which rank, or are expressed to rank by their terms, senior to the Non-Preferred 
Senior Notes,
(ii)
pari passu without any preference among themselves, with all other present or future 
obligations of the Issuer which do not rank or are not expressed by their terms to rank 
junior or senior to the relevant Non-Preferred Senior Notes; and
(iii)
in priority to any subordinated instruments and to the claims of shareholders of the 
Issuer, pursuant to Article 91, section 1-bis, letter c-bis of the Italian Consolidated 
Banking Act.
(b)
Each holder of a Non-Preferred Senior Note unconditionally and irrevocably waives any right 
of set-off, netting, counterclaim, abatement or other similar remedy which it might otherwise 
have under the laws of any jurisdiction in respect of such Non-Preferred Senior Note.
(c)
For the avoidance of doubt, there is no negative pledge provision in these Conditions.

--- Page 152 ---
152
2.3
Status of the Subordinated Notes
(a)
The Subordinated Notes (being Notes intended to qualify as Tier 2 capital for regulatory 
capital purposes, in accordance with Part II, Chapter 1 of the Bank of Italy's Disposizioni di 
Vigilanza Prudenziale per le Banche, as set out in Bank of Italy Circular No. 285 of 17 
December 2013, as amended or supplemented from time to time, including any successor
regulations, and Article 63 of CRR) and any relative Receipts and Coupons constitute direct, 
unconditional, unsecured and subordinated obligations of the Issuer and, in the event of the 
liquidation of the Issuer (including in the event that the Issuer becomes subject to an order for 
Liquidazione Coatta Amministrativa, as defined in the Italian Consolidated Banking Act) or 
insolvency of the Issuer, the payment obligations of the Issuer under the Subordinated Notes 
and any relative Receipts and Coupons will rank in right of payment (a) after all 
unsubordinated, unsecured creditors (including depositors and holders of Senior Notes and 
Non-Preferred Senior Notes) of the Issuer and after all creditors of the Issuer holding 
instruments that are or are expressed by their terms to be less subordinated than the relevant 
Subordinated Notes; (b) at least pari passu without any preference among themselves with all 
other present and future subordinated obligations of the Issuer, that are not expressed by their 
terms to rank or which do not rank junior or senior to the relevant Subordinated Notes, save
of those preferred by mandatory and/or overriding provisions of law; and (c) in priority to the 
claims of shareholders of the Issuer and to all other present and future subordinated 
obligations of the Issuer which rank or are expressed by their terms to rank junior to the 
relevant Subordinated Notes.
(b)
In relation to each Series of Subordinated Notes all Subordinated Notes of such Series will be 
treated equally and all amounts paid by the Issuer in respect of principal and interest thereon 
will be paid pro rata on all Subordinated Notes of such Series.
(c)
Each holder of a Subordinated Note unconditionally and irrevocably waives any right of set-
off, netting, counterclaim, abatement or other similar remedy which it might otherwise have, 
under the laws of any jurisdiction, in respect of such Subordinated Note.
(d)
For the avoidance of doubt, there is no negative pledge provision in these Conditions.
3.
INTEREST
3.1
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes
This Condition 3.1 applies to Fixed Rate Notes only. The form of Final Terms contains 
provisions applicable to the determination of fixed rate interest and must be read in 
conjunction with this Condition 3.1 for full information on the manner in which interest is 
calculated on Fixed Rate Notes. In particular, the form of Final Terms will specify the Interest 
Commencement Date, the Rate(s) of Interest, the Interest Payment Date(s), the Maturity Date, 
the Fixed Coupon Amount, any applicable Broken Amount, the Calculation Amount, the Day 
Count Fraction and any applicable Determination Date. 
Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date at 
the rate(s) per annum equal to the Rate(s) of Interest. Interest will be payable in arrear on the
Interest Payment Date(s) in each year up to (but excluding) the Maturity Date. The Rate of 
Interest may be specified in the form of Final Terms either (i) as the same Rate of Interest for 
all Fixed Interest Periods or (ii) as a different Rate of Interest in respect of one or more Fixed 
Interest Periods.
If the Notes are in definitive form, except as provided in the form of Final Terms, the amount 
of interest payable on each Interest Payment Date in respect of the Fixed Interest Period

--- Page 153 ---
153
ending on (but excluding) such date will amount to the Fixed Coupon Amount. Payments of 
interest on any Interest Payment Date will, if so specified in the form of Final Terms, amount 
to the Broken Amount so specified.
As used in the Conditions, Fixed Interest Period means the period from (and including) an 
Interest Payment Date (or the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or 
first) Interest Payment Date.
Except in the case of Notes in definitive form where an applicable Fixed Coupon Amount or
Broken Amount is specified in the form of Final Terms, interest shall be calculated in respect 
of any period by applying the Rate of Interest to:
(a)
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes which are represented by a Global Note, the 
aggregate outstanding nominal amount of the Fixed Rate Notes represented by such 
Global Note (or, if they are Partly Paid Notes, the aggregate amount paid up); or
(b)
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes in definitive form, the Calculation Amount;
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction.
The resultant figure (including after application of any Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken 
Amount to the Calculation Amount in the case of Fixed Rate Notes in definitive form) shall 
be rounded to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-
unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention. 
Where the Specified Denomination of a Fixed Rate Note in definitive form is a multiple of 
the Calculation Amount, the amount of interest payable in respect of such Fixed Rate Note 
shall be the product of the amount (determined in the manner provided above) for the 
Calculation Amount and the amount by which the Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach 
the Specified Denomination, without any further rounding.
Day Count Fraction means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest, in 
accordance with this Condition 3.1:
(i)
if "Actual/Actual (ICMA)" is specified in the form of Final Terms:
(A)
in the case of Notes where the number of days in the relevant period from 
(and including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the 
Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date 
(the Accrual Period) is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period 
during which the Accrual Period ends, the number of days in such Accrual 
Period divided by the product of (1) the number of days in such 
Determination Period and (2) the number of Determination Dates (as 
specified in the form of Final Terms) that would occur in one calendar year; 
or
(B)
in the case of Notes where the Accrual Period is longer than the 
Determination Period during which the Accrual Period ends, the sum of:
(1)
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the 
Determination Period in which the Accrual Period begins divided by 
the product of (x) the number of days in such Determination Period 
and (y) the number of Determination Dates that would occur in one 
calendar year; and

--- Page 154 ---
154
(2)
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the next 
Determination Period divided by the product of (x) the number of 
days in such Determination Period and (y) the number of 
Determination Dates that would occur in one calendar year; and
(ii)
if "30/360" is specified in the form of Final Terms, the number of days in the period 
from (and including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date (such number of 
days being calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with 12 30-day months) 
divided by 360.
In these Conditions:
Determination Period means each period from (and including) a Determination Date to (but 
excluding) the next Determination Date (including, where either the Interest Commencement 
Date or the final Interest Payment Date is not a Determination Date, the period commencing 
on the first Determination Date prior to, and ending on the first Determination Date falling 
after, such date); and
sub-unit means, with respect to any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such 
currency that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, with respect to 
euro, one cent.
Fixed Rate Notes (other than Subordinated Notes) may also include interest step-up or step-
down provisions whereby the Rate of Interest payable increases or decreases, respectively, at 
pre-determined periods to a pre-determined percentage per annum (as specified in the form of 
Final Terms for such Notes). 
3.2
Interest on Reset Notes
(a)
Rates of Interest and Interest Payment Dates
Each Reset Note bears interest: 
(i)
from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date until (but excluding) the First 
Reset Date at the Initial Rate of Interest;
(ii)
from (and including) the First Reset Date until (but excluding) the Second Reset Date 
or, if no such Second Reset Date is specified in the form of Final Terms, the Maturity 
Date at the rate per annum equal to the First Reset Rate of Interest; and
(iii)
for each Subsequent Reset Period thereafter (if any), at the relevant Subsequent Reset 
Rate of Interest,
payable, in each case, in arrear on each Interest Payment Date and on the Maturity Date if that 
does not fall on an Interest Payment Date. The Rate of Interest and the Interest Amount 
payable shall be determined by the Calculation Agent, (A) in the case of the Rate of Interest, 
at or as soon as practicable after each time at which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, 
subject to Condition 3.4 (Benchmark Discontinuation) and (B) in the case of the Interest 
Amount in accordance with the provisions for calculating amounts of interest in 
Condition 3.1.

--- Page 155 ---
155
(b)
Reset Reference Rate Conversion
This Condition 3.2(b) is only applicable if Reset Reference Rate Conversion is specified in 
the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing 
Supplement as being applicable.
The First Reset Rate of Interest and, if applicable, each Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest will 
be converted from the Original Reset Reference Rate Payment Basis specified in the 
applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement to 
a basis which matches the frequency of Interest Payment Dates in respect of the relevant 
Notes.
For the purposes of the Conditions:
First Margin means the margin specified as such in the form of Final Terms;
First Reset Date means the date specified in the form of Final Terms;
First Reset Period means the period from (and including) the First Reset Date until (but 
excluding) the Second Reset Date or, if no such Second Reset Date is specified in the form of 
Final Terms, the Maturity Date;
First Reset Rate of Interest means, in respect of the First Reset Period and subject to 
Condition 3.2(c), the rate of interest determined by the Calculation Agent on the relevant 
Reset Determination Date as the sum of the relevant Mid-Swap Rate and the First Margin, 
subject to Condition 3.2(b);
Initial Rate of Interest has the meaning specified in the form of Final Terms;
Mid-Market Swap Rate means for any Reset Period the mean of the bid and offered rates 
for the fixed leg payable with a frequency equivalent to the Original Reset Reference Rate 
Payment Basis (calculated on the day count basis customary for fixed rate payments in the 
Specified Currency as determined by the Calculation Agent) of a fixed-for-floating interest 
rate swap transaction in the Specified Currency which transaction (i) has a term equal to the 
relevant Reset Period and commencing on the relevant Reset Date, (ii) is in an amount that is 
representative for a single transaction in the relevant market at the relevant time with an 
acknowledged dealer of good credit in the swap market and (iii) has a floating leg based on 
the Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate for the Mid-Swap Maturity (as specified in the 
form of Final Terms) (calculated on the day count basis customary for floating rate payments 
in the Specified Currency as determined by the Calculation Agent);
Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation means a quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per 
annum) for the relevant Mid-Market Swap Rate;
Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate means EURIBOR and the Specified Currency is 
euro;
Mid-Swap Rate means, in relation to a Reset Determination Date and subject to Condition 
3.2(c), either:
(i)
if Single Mid-Swap Rate is specified in the form of Final Terms, the rate for swaps in 
the Specified Currency:
(A)
with a term equal to the relevant Reset Period; and

--- Page 156 ---
156
(B)
commencing on the relevant Reset Date,
which appears on the Relevant Screen Page; or
(ii)
if Mean Mid-Swap Rate is specified in the form of Final Terms, the arithmetic mean 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum and rounded, if necessary, to the nearest 
0.001 per cent. (0.0005 per cent. being rounded upwards)) of the bid and offered 
swap rate quotations for swaps in the Specified Currency:
(A)
with a term equal to the relevant Reset Period; and 
(B)
commencing on the relevant Reset Date, 
which appear on the Relevant Screen Page,
in either case, as at approximately 11.00 a.m. in the principal financial centre of the Specified 
Currency on such Reset Determination Date, all as determined by the Calculation Agent;
Original Reset Reference Rate Payment Basis has the meaning specified in the applicable 
Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement. In the case 
of Notes other than Exempt Notes, the Original Reset Reference Rate Payment Basis shall be 
annual, semi-annual, quarterly or monthly;
Rate of Interest means the Initial Rate of Interest, the First Reset Rate of Interest or the 
Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest, as applicable;
Relevant Margin means, in respect of a Reset Period, whichever of the First Margin or the 
Subsequent Margin is applicable for the purpose of determining the Rate of Interest in respect 
of such Reset Period;
Reset Date means the First Reset Date, the Second Reset Date and each Subsequent Reset 
Date (as applicable);
Reset Determination Date means, in respect of the First Reset Period, the second Business 
Day prior to the First Reset Date, in respect of the first Subsequent Reset Period, the second 
Business Day prior to the Second Reset Date and, in respect of each Subsequent Reset Period 
thereafter, the second Business Day prior to the first day of each such Subsequent Reset 
Period;
Reset Period means the First Reset Period or a Subsequent Reset Period, as the case may be;
Second Reset Date means the date specified in the form of Final Terms;
Subsequent Margin means the margin specified as such in the form of Final Terms;
Subsequent Reset Date means the date or dates specified in the form of Final Terms;
Subsequent Reset Period means the period from (and including) the Second Reset Date to 
(but excluding) the next Subsequent Reset Date, and each successive period from (and 
including) a Subsequent Reset Date to (but excluding) the next succeeding Subsequent Reset 
Date; and
Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest means, in respect of any Subsequent Reset Period and 
subject to Condition 3.2(c) the rate of interest determined by the Calculation Agent on the

--- Page 157 ---
157
relevant Reset Determination Date as the sum of the relevant Mid-Swap Rate and the relevant 
Subsequent Margin, subject to Condition 3.2(b).
(c)
Fallbacks
If on any Reset Determination Date the Relevant Screen Page is not available or the Mid-
Swap Rate does not appear on the Relevant Screen Page, the Calculation Agent shall, subject 
as provided in Condition 3.4 (Benchmark Discontinuation), request each of the Reference 
Banks (as defined below) to provide the Calculation Agent with its Mid-Market Swap Rate 
Quotation as at approximately 11.00 a.m. in the principal financial centre of the Specified 
Currency on the Reset Determination Date in question. 
If two or more of the Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent with Mid-Market Swap 
Rate Quotations, the First Reset Rate of Interest or the Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest (as 
applicable) for the relevant Reset Period shall be the sum of the arithmetic mean (rounded, if 
necessary, to the nearest 0.001 per cent. (0.0005 per cent. being rounded upwards)) of the 
relevant Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotations and the First Margin or Subsequent Margin (as 
applicable), all as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
If on any Reset Determination Date only one or none of the Reference Banks provides the 
Calculation Agent with a Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation as provided in the foregoing 
provisions of this paragraph, the First Reset Rate of Interest or the Subsequent Reset Rate of 
Interest (as applicable) shall be determined to be equal to the sum of (A) the last observable 
rate for swaps in the Specified Currency with a term equal to the relevant Reset Period which 
appears on the Relevant Screen Page and (B) the Relevant Margin.
For the purposes of this Condition 3.2(c) Reference Banks means the principal office in the 
principal financial centre of the Specified Currency of four major banks in the swap, money, 
securities or other market most closely connected with the relevant Mid-Swap Rate as 
selected by the Issuer on the advice of an investment bank of international repute.
3.3
Interest on Floating Rate Notes
(a)
Interest Payment Dates
This Condition 3.3 applies to Floating Rate Notes only. The form of Final Terms contains 
provisions applicable to the determination of floating rate interest and must be read in 
conjunction with this Condition 3.3 for full information on the manner in which interest is 
calculated on Floating Rate Notes. In particular, the form of Final Terms will identify any 
Specified Interest Payment Dates, any Specified Period, the Interest Commencement Date, 
the Business Day Convention, any Additional Business Centres, whether ISDA 
Determination or Screen Rate Determination applies to the calculation of interest, the party 
who will calculate the amount of interest due if it is not the Principal Paying Agent, the 
Margin, any maximum or minimum interest rates and the Day Count Fraction. Where ISDA 
Determination applies to the calculation of interest, the form of Final Terms will also specify 
the applicable Floating Rate Option, Designated Maturity and Reset Date. Where Screen Rate 
Determination applies to the calculation of interest, the form of Final Terms will also specify 
the applicable Reference Rate, Interest Determination Date(s) and Relevant Screen Page. 
Each Floating Rate Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date 
and such interest will be payable in arrear on either:
(i)
the Specified Interest Payment Date(s) in each year specified in the form of Final 
Terms; or

--- Page 158 ---
158
(ii)
if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are specified in the form of Final Terms, 
each date (each such date, together with each Specified Interest Payment Date, an 
Interest Payment Date) which falls the number of months or other period specified 
as the Specified Period in the form of Final Terms after the preceding Interest 
Payment Date or, in the case of the first Interest Payment Date, after the Interest 
Commencement Date.
Such interest will be payable in respect of each Interest Period. In these Conditions, Interest 
Period means the period from (and including) an Interest Payment Date (or the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest Payment Date or the 
relevant payment date if the Notes become payable on a date other than an Interest Payment 
Date.
If a Business Day Convention is specified in the form of Final Terms and (x) if there is no 
numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which an Interest Payment Date 
should occur or (y) if any Interest Payment Date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a 
Business Day, then, if the Business Day Convention specified is:
(A)
in any case where Specified Periods are specified in accordance with Condition 
3.3(a), the Floating Rate Convention, such Interest Payment Date (a) in the case of (x) 
above, shall be the last day that is a Business Day in the relevant month and the 
provisions of (ii) below shall apply mutatis mutandis or (b) in the case of (y) above, 
shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby 
fall into the next calendar month, in which event (i) such Interest Payment Date shall 
be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day and (ii) each 
subsequent Interest Payment Date shall be the last Business Day in the month which 
falls the Specified Period after the preceding applicable Interest Payment Date 
occurred; or
(B)
the Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be 
postponed to the next day which is a Business Day; or
(C)
the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall 
be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into 
the next calendar month, in which event such Interest Payment Date shall be brought 
forward to the immediately preceding Business Day; or
(D)
the Preceding Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be brought 
forward to the immediately preceding Business Day.
In these Conditions, Business Day means:
(a)
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and 
are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign 
currency deposits) in each Additional Business Centre (other than TARGET2 
System) specified in the form of Final Terms; 
(b)
if TARGET2 System is specified as an Additional Business Centre in the form of 
Final Terms, a day on which the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross 
Settlement Express Transfer (TARGET2) System (the TARGET2 System) is open; 
and
(c)
either (1) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a 
day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and

--- Page 159 ---
159
are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign 
currency deposits) in the principal financial centre of the country of the relevant 
Specified Currency (which if the Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New 
Zealand dollars shall be Sydney and Auckland, respectively) or (2) in relation to any 
sum payable in euro, a day on which the TARGET2 System is open.
Floating Rate Notes (other than Subordinated Notes) may also include interest step-up or 
step-down provisions whereby the Margin increases or decreases, respectively, at pre-
determined periods to a pre-determined percentage per annum (as specified in the form of 
Final Terms for such Notes).
(b)
Rate of Interest
The Rate of Interest payable from time to time in respect of Floating Rate Notes will be 
determined in the manner specified in the form of Final Terms.
(i)
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Notes
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the form of Final Terms as the manner in 
which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest 
Period will be the relevant ISDA Rate plus or minus (as indicated in the form of Final 
Terms) the Margin (if any). For the purposes of this subparagraph (i), ISDA Rate for 
an Interest Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate that would be determined 
by the Calculation Agent under an interest rate swap transaction under the terms of an 
agreement incorporating (i) if “2006 ISDA Definitions” is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, the 2006 ISDA Definitions, as published by the International Swaps and 
Derivatives Association, Inc. (ISDA) and as amended and updated as at the Issue 
Date of the first Tranche of the Notes; or (ii) if “2021 ISDA Definitions” is specified 
in the applicable Final Terms the latest version of the 2021 ISDA Interest Rate 
Derivatives Definitions as published by ISDA as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche 
of the Notes; (together, the ISDA Definitions) and under which :
(A)
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the form of Final Terms;
(B)
the Designated Maturity is a period specified in the form of Final Terms; and
(C)
the relevant Reset Date is the day specified in the form of Final Terms.
For the purposes of this subparagraph (i), Floating Rate, Floating Rate Option, 
Calculation Agent, Designated Maturity and Reset Date have the meanings given 
to those terms in the ISDA Definitions.
Unless otherwise stated in the form of Final Terms the Minimum Rate of Interest 
shall be deemed to be zero.
(ii)
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the form of Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each 
Interest Period will, subject to Condition 3.4 (Benchmark Discontinuation), be either:
(A)
the offered quotation; or
(B)
the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with

--- Page 160 ---
160
0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the offered quotations,
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate (being EURIBOR, 
as specified in the form of Final Terms) which appears or appear, as the case may be, 
on the Relevant Screen Page (or such replacement page on that service which 
displays the information) at the Specified Time on the Interest Determination Date in 
question plus or minus (as indicated in the form of Final Terms) the Margin (if any), 
all as determined by the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as 
applicable. If five or more of such offered quotations are available on the Relevant 
Screen Page, the highest (or, if there is more than one such highest quotation, one
only of such quotations) and the lowest (or, if there is more than one such lowest 
quotation, one only of such quotations) shall be disregarded by the Principal Paying 
Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, for the purpose of determining the 
arithmetic mean (rounded as provided above) of such offered quotations.
If the Relevant Screen Page is not available or if, in the case of paragraph (A) above, 
no such offered quotation appears or, in the case of paragraph (B) above, fewer than 
three such offered quotations appear, in each case as at the Specified Time, the 
Principal Paying Agent shall request each of the Reference Banks to provide the 
Principal Paying Agent with its offered quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per 
annum) for the Reference Rate at approximately the Specified Time on the Interest 
Determination Date in question. If two or more of the Reference Banks provide the 
Principal Paying Agent with offered quotations, the Rate of Interest for the Interest 
Period shall be the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place 
with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the offered quotations plus or minus (as 
appropriate) the Margin (if any), all as determined by the Principal Paying Agent.
If on any Interest Determination Date one only or none of the Reference Banks 
provides the Principal Paying Agent with an offered quotation as provided in the 
preceding paragraph, the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Period shall be the 
rate per annum which the Principal Paying Agent determines as being the arithmetic 
mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded 
upwards) of the rates, as communicated to (and at the request of) the Principal Paying 
Agent by the Reference Banks or any two or more of them, at which such banks were 
offered, at approximately the Specified Time on the relevant Interest Determination 
Date, deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have 
been used for the Reference Rate by leading banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank 
market plus or minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any) or, if fewer than two of the 
Reference Banks provide the Principal Paying Agent with offered rates, the offered 
rate for deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would 
have been used for the Reference Rate, or the arithmetic mean (rounded as provided 
above) of the offered rates for deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to 
that which would have been used for the Reference Rate, at which, at approximately 
the Specified Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date, any one or more 
banks (which bank or banks is or are in the opinion of the Issuer suitable for the 
purpose) informs the Principal Paying Agent it is quoting to leading banks in the 
Euro-zone inter-bank market plus or minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any), 
provided that, if the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the 
foregoing provisions of this paragraph, the Rate of Interest shall be determined as at 
the last preceding Interest Determination Date (though substituting, where a different 
Margin is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the 
last preceding Interest Period, the Margin relating to the relevant Interest Period in 
place of the Margin relating to that last preceding Interest Period).

--- Page 161 ---
161
In the case of Exempt Notes, if the Reference Rate from time to time in respect of 
Floating Rate Notes is specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement as being other 
than EURIBOR, the Rate of Interest in respect of the Notes will be determined as 
provided in the applicable Pricing Supplement.
Unless otherwise stated in the form of Final Terms the Minimum Rate of Interest 
shall be deemed to be zero.
Specified Time means 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time, for the determination of 
EURIBOR).
For the purposes of this Condition 3.3(b)(ii) Reference Banks means the principal
Euro-zone office of four major banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market, in each 
case selected by the Issuer.
(c)
Minimum Rate of Interest and/or Maximum Rate of Interest
If the form of Final Terms specifies a Minimum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, then, 
in the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in 
accordance with the provisions of paragraph (b) above is less than such Minimum Rate of 
Interest, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be such Minimum Rate of Interest.
If the form of Final Terms specifies a Maximum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, then, 
in the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in 
accordance with the provisions of paragraph (b) above is greater than such Maximum Rate of 
Interest, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be such Maximum Rate of Interest.
(d)
Determination of Rate of Interest and calculation of Interest Amounts
The Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, will at or as soon as 
practicable after each time at which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, determine the 
Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Period. 
The Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, will calculate the amount 
of interest (the Interest Amount) payable on the Floating Rate Notes for the relevant Interest 
Period by applying the Rate of Interest to:
(i)
in the case of Floating Rate Notes which are represented by a Global Note, the 
aggregate outstanding nominal amount of the Notes represented by such Global Note 
(or, if they are Partly Paid Notes, the aggregate amount paid up); or
(ii)
in the case of Floating Rate Notes in definitive form, the Calculation Amount;
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding 
the resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such 
sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market 
convention. Where the Specified Denomination of a Floating Rate Note in definitive form is a 
multiple of the Calculation Amount, the Interest Amount payable in respect of such Note shall 
be the product of the amount (determined in the manner provided above) for the Calculation 
Amount and the amount by which the Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach the Specified 
Denomination without any further rounding.
Day Count Fraction means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest in 
accordance with this Condition 3.3:

--- Page 162 ---
162
(i)
if "Actual/Actual (ISDA)" or "Actual/Actual" is specified in the form of Final Terms, 
the actual number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of 
that Interest Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (I) the actual number of days in 
that portion of the Interest Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (II) the 
actual number of days in that portion of the Interest Period falling in a non-leap year 
divided by 365);
(ii)
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is specified in the form of Final Terms, the actual number of 
days in the Interest Period divided by 365;
(iii)
if "Actual/365 (Sterling)" is specified in the form of Final Terms, the actual number 
of days in the Interest Period divided by 365 or, in the case of an Interest Payment 
Date falling in a leap year, 366;
(iv)
if "Actual/360" is specified in the form of Final Terms, the actual number of days in 
the Interest Period divided by 360;
(v)
if "30/360", "360/360" or "Bond Basis" is specified in the form of Final Terms, the 
number of days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as
follows:
Day Count Fraction = 









360
1
D
2
D
1
M
2
M
30
1
Y
2
Y
360







where:
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period 
falls;
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day of the Interest Period falls;
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls;
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls;
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such 
number is 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater 
than 29, in which case D2 will be 30;
(vi)
if "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is specified in the form of Final Terms, the number 
of days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as 
follows:
Day Count Fraction = 









360
1
D
2
D
1
M
2
M
30
1
Y
2
Y
360







where:

--- Page 163 ---
163
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period 
falls;
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day of the Interest Period falls;
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls;
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls;
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day
included in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 
will be 30;
(vii)
if "30E/360 (ISDA)" is specified in the form of Final Terms, the number of days in 
the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows:
Day Count Fraction = 









360
1
D
2
D
1
M
2
M
30
1
Y
2
Y
360







where:
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period 
falls;
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day of the Interest Period falls;
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls;
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls;
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless (i) 
that day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 
will be 30; and
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Interest Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not 
the Maturity Date or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30.
(e)
Linear Interpolation
Where Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Period in the 
form of Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be calculated by the 
Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, by straight line linear 
interpolation by reference to two rates based on the relevant Reference Rate (where Screen 
Rate Determination is specified as applicable in the form of Final Terms) or the relevant

--- Page 164 ---
164
Floating Rate Option (where ISDA Determination is specified as applicable in the form of 
Final Terms), one of which shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period 
of time for which rates are available next shorter than the length of the relevant Interest 
Period and the other of which shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the 
period of time for which rates are available next longer than the length of the relevant Interest 
Period provided however that if there is no rate available for a period of time next shorter or, 
as the case may be, next longer, then the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as 
applicable, shall determine such rate at such time and by reference to such sources as it 
determines appropriate.
Designated Maturity means, in relation to Screen Rate Determination, the period of time 
designated in the Reference Rate.
(f)
Notification of Rate of Interest and Interest Amounts
The Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, will cause the Rate of 
Interest and each Interest Amount for each Interest Period and the relevant Interest Payment 
Date to be notified to the Issuer and any stock exchange on which the relevant Floating Rate 
Notes are for the time being listed (by no later than the first day of each Interest Period) and 
notice thereof to be published in accordance with Condition 12 as soon as possible after their 
determination but in no event later than the fourth London Business Day thereafter. Each 
Interest Amount and Interest Payment Date so notified may subsequently be amended (or 
appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of adjustment) without prior notice in the 
event of an extension or shortening of the Interest Period. Any such amendment will promptly
be notified to each stock exchange on which the relevant Floating Rate Notes are for the time 
being listed and to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 12. For the purposes of this 
Condition 3.3, the expression London Business Day means a day (other than a Saturday or a 
Sunday) on which banks and foreign exchange markets are open for general business in 
London.
(g)
Certificates to be final
All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, quotations and
decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this 
Condition 3.3 by the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, shall (in 
the absence of manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the Principal Paying Agent, the other 
Agents and all Noteholders, Receiptholders and Couponholders and (in the absence of wilful 
misconduct, gross negligence or fraud) no liability to the Issuer, the Noteholders, the 
Receiptholders or the Couponholders shall attach to the Principal Paying Agent or the 
Calculation Agent, as applicable, in connection with the exercise or non exercise by it of its 
powers, duties and discretions pursuant to such provisions.
3.4
Benchmark Discontinuation
This Condition 3.4 is applicable to Notes only if the Floating Rate Note Provisions or the 
Reset Note Provisions are specified in the form of Final Terms as being applicable.
(a)
Independent Adviser
Notwithstanding the provisions above in Condition 3.3 (Interest on Floating Rate Notes) or 
Condition 3.2 (Interest on Reset Notes), if a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to an 
Original Reference Rate when any Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) remains to 
be determined by reference to such Original Reference Rate, then the Issuer shall use its 
reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser, as soon as reasonably practicable,

--- Page 165 ---
165
to determine a Successor Rate, failing which an Alternative Rate (in accordance with 
Condition 3.4(b) (Successor Rate or Alternative Rate)) and, in either case, an Adjustment
Spread if any (in accordance with Condition 3.4(c) (Adjustment Spread) and whether any
Benchmark Amendments (in accordance with Condition 3.4(d) (Benchmark Amendments)) 
are necessary to ensure the proper operation of such Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and/or 
Adjustment Spread.
An Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 3.4(a) shall act in good faith 
and in a commercially reasonable manner as an expert and in consultation with the Issuer. In 
the absence of bad faith, fraud and gross negligence, the Independent Adviser shall have no 
liability whatsoever to the Issuer, the party responsible for determining the Rate of Interest 
applicable to the Notes (being the Principal Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent or such 
other party specified in the form of Final Terms) any Paying Agent, the Noteholders, the 
Receiptholders or the Couponholders for any determination made by it pursuant to this 
Condition 3.4.
If (i) the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser; or (ii) the Independent Adviser 
appointed by it fails to determine a Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Rate in 
accordance with this Condition 3.4(a) prior to the relevant Interest Determination Date or 
Reset Determination Date, as the case may be, the Issuer (acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner) may determine a Successor Rate or, failing which, an 
Alternative Rate, provided however that if the Issuer is unable or unwilling to determine a 
Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Rate in accordance with this Condition 3.4(a) 
prior to the relevant Interest Determination Date or Reset Determination Date, as the case 
may be, (i) in the case of the Rate of Interest on Floating Rate Notes, the Rate of Interest 
applicable to the next succeeding Interest Period shall be equal to the Rate of Interest last 
determined in relation to the Notes in respect of the immediately preceding Interest Period or 
(ii) in the case of the First Reset Rate of Interest or in the case of the Subsequent Reset Rate 
of Interest on Reset Notes, the First Reset Rate of Interest or the Subsequent Reset Rate of 
Interest (as applicable) shall be determined to be equal to the sum of (A) the last observable 
rate for swaps in the Specified Currency with a term equal to the relevant Reset Period which
appears on the Relevant Screen Page and (B) the Relevant Margin. If there has not been a first 
Interest Payment Date or First Reset Date, the Rate of Interest for Floating Rate Notes shall 
be the initial Rate of Interest and the Rate of Interest for Reset Notes shall be the Initial Rate 
of Interest (as applicable). Where a different Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of 
Interest or First Margin or Subsequent Margin (as applicable) is to be applied to the relevant 
Interest Period or Reset Period (as applicable) from that which applied to the last preceding 
Interest Period or Reset Period (as applicable), the Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of 
Interest or First Margin or Subsequent Margin (as applicable) relating to the relevant Interest 
Period or Reset Period (as applicable) shall be substituted in place of the Margin or Maximum 
or Minimum Rate of Interest or First Margin or Subsequent Margin relating to that last 
preceding Interest Period or Reset Period (as applicable). For the avoidance of doubt, this
Condition 3.4(a) shall apply to the relevant next succeeding Interest Period or Reset Period 
(as applicable) only and any subsequent Interest Periods or Reset Periods (as applicable) are 
subject to the subsequent operation of, and to adjustment as provided in, this Condition 3.4(a).
(b)      Successor Rate or Alternative Rate
If the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (if it is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or 
if the Independent Adviser appointed by it fails to determine a Successor Rate or, failing 
which, an Alternative Rate in accordance with Condition 3.4(a) (Independent Adviser) prior 
to the relevant Interest Determination Date or Reset Determination Date, as the case may be)
acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner determines that:

--- Page 166 ---
166
(i)
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate shall (subject to adjustment as 
provided in Condition 3.4(c) (Adjustment Spread)) subsequently be used in place of the 
Original Reference Rate to determine the Rate of Interest (or the relevant component 
part thereof) for all future payments of interest on the Notes (subject to the operation of 
this Condition 3.4); or
(ii)
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then such Alternative 
Rate shall (subject to adjustment as provided in Condition 3.4(c) (Adjustment Spread) 
subsequently be used in place of the Original Reference Rate to determine the Rate of 
Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) for all future payments of interest on 
the Notes (subject to the operation of this Condition 3.4).
(c)       Adjustment Spread
If the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (if it is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or 
if the Independent Adviser appointed by it fails to determine a Successor Rate or, failing 
which, an Alternative Rate in accordance with Condition 3.4(a) (Independent Adviser) prior 
to the relevant Interest Determination Date or Reset Determination Date, as the case may be) 
acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner determines (i) that an 
Adjustment Spread is required to be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as 
the case may be) and (ii) the quantum of, or a formula or methodology for determining, such 
Adjustment Spread, then such Adjustment Spread shall be applied to the Successor Rate or 
the Alternative Rate (as the case may be).
(d)      Benchmark Amendments
If any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate or Adjustment Spread is determined in accordance 
with this Condition 3.4 and the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (if it is unable to appoint an 
Independent Adviser or if the Independent Adviser appointed by it fails to determine a 
Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Rate in accordance with Condition 3.4(a)
prior to the relevant Interest Determination Date or Reset Determination Date, as the case 
may be) acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner determines (i) that 
amendments to these Conditions and the Agency Agreement for the Italian Law Notes, 
including but not limited to Relevant Screen Page, are necessary to ensure the proper 
operation of such Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and/or Adjustment Spread and/or 
necessary or appropriate to comply with any applicable regulation or guidelines on the use of 
benchmarks or other related document issued by the competent regulatory authority (such 
amendments, the Benchmark Amendments) and (ii) the terms of the Benchmark 
Amendments, then the Issuer shall, subject to giving notice thereof in accordance with 
Condition 3.4(e) (Notices) and subject (to the extent required) to giving any notice required to 
be given to, and receiving any consent required from, or non-objection from, the Competent 
Authority, without any requirement for the consent or approval
of Noteholders, 
Receiptholders or Couponholders, vary these Conditions and the Agency Agreement for the 
Italian Law Notes to give effect to such Benchmark Amendments with effect from the date 
specified in such notice.
In connection with any such variation in accordance with this Condition 3.4(d), the Issuer 
shall comply with the rules of any stock exchange on which the Notes are for the time being 
listed or admitted to trading.
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 3.4, no Successor Rate, Alternative 
Rate or Adjustment Spread will be adopted, nor will any other amendment to the terms and 
conditions of any Series of Notes be made to effect the Benchmark Amendments, if and to the 
extent that, in the determination of the Issuer, the same could reasonably be expected to

--- Page 167 ---
167
prejudice the qualification of the relevant Series of Subordinated Notes as “Tier 2” capital at 
individual or consolidated basis and/or (i) result in the exclusion of the relevant Series of 
Senior Notes or Non-Preferred Senior Notes from the eligible liabilities available to meet the 
MREL Requirements or (ii) (in the case of Senior Notes or Non-Preferred Senior Notes only) 
result in the Competent Authority and/or the Relevant Resolution Authority treating the 
Interest Payment Date or Reset Date, as the case may be, as the effective maturity date of the 
Notes, rather than the relevant maturity date. In such cases (i) the Rate of Interest on Floating 
Rate Notes applicable to the next succeeding Interest Period shall be equal to the Rate of 
Interest last determined in relation to the Notes in respect of the immediately preceding 
Interest Period or (ii) in the case of the First Reset Rate of Interest on Reset Notes, the Rate of 
Interest shall be equal to the Initial Rate of Interest or (iii) in the case of the Subsequent Reset 
Rate of Interest on Reset Notes, the Rate of Interest shall be equal to the Subsequent Reset 
Rate of Interest last determined in relation to the Notes in respect of the immediately 
preceding Reset Period or if the immediately preceding Reset Period is the First Reset Period, 
the First Reset Rate of Interest. If there has not been a first Interest Payment Date or First 
Reset Date, the Rate of Interest for Floating Rate Notes shall be the initial Rate of Interest and
the Rate of Interest for Reset Notes shall be the Initial Rate of Interest (as applicable).
Where a different Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest or First Margin or 
Subsequent Margin (as applicable) is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period or Reset 
Period (as applicable) from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period or Reset 
Period (as applicable), the Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest or First Margin 
or Subsequent Margin (as applicable) relating to the relevant Interest Period or Reset Period 
(as applicable) shall be substituted in place of the Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of 
Interest or First Margin or Subsequent Margin relating to that last preceding Interest Period or 
Reset Period.
(e)       Notices
Any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread and the specific terms of any
Benchmark Amendments, determined under this Condition 3.4 will be notified promptly by
the Issuer to the Calculation Agent, the Principal Paying Agent and each Paying Agent and, in 
accordance with Condition 12 (Notices), the Noteholders, Receiptholders or Couponholders. 
Such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the effective date of the Benchmark 
Amendments, if any. 
(f)
Survival of Original Reference Rate
Without prejudice to the obligations of the Issuer under Conditions 3.4(a) (Independent 
Adviser) to 3.4(d) (Benchmark Amendments), the Original Reference Rate and the fallback 
provisions provided for in Condition 3.2(c) (Fallbacks) and Condition 3.3(b)(ii) (Screen Rate
Determination for Floating Rate Notes) will continue to apply unless and until a Benchmark 
Event has occurred.
(g)
Definitions
For the purposes of this Condition 3.4:
Adjustment Spread means either a spread (which may be positive or negative), or the 
formula or methodology for calculating a spread, in either case, which the Independent 
Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) determines (acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner) is required to be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as 
the case may be) and is the spread, formula or methodology which:

--- Page 168 ---
168
(a)
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended in relation to the 
replacement of the Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any Relevant 
Nominating Body; or (if no such recommendation has been made, or in the case of an 
Alternative Rate);
(b)
the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) determines (acting in good faith 
and in a commercially reasonable manner), is recognised or acknowledged as being 
the industry standard for over-the-counter derivative transactions which reference the 
Original Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced by the Successor Rate or 
the Alternative Rate (as the case may be); (or if the Issuer determines that no such 
industry standard is recognised or acknowledged); or
(c)
the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) determines (acting in good faith 
and in a commercially reasonable manner)is customarily applied to the relevant 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as the case may be) in international debt capital 
market transactions to produce an industry-accepted replacement rate for the Original 
Reference Rate;;
Alternative Rate means an alternative benchmark or screen rate which the Independent 
Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) determines (acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner) in accordance with Condition 3.4(b) (Successor Rate or Alternative Rate) 
is customary in market usage in the international debt capital markets for the purposes of 
determining rates of interest (or the relevant component part thereof) in the same Specified 
Currency as the Notes;
Benchmark Amendments has the meaning given to it in Condition 3.4(d) Benchmark 
Amendments);
Benchmark Event means:
(a)
the Original Reference Rate ceasing be published for a period of at least 5 Business 
Days or ceasing to exist; or
(b)
a public statement by the administrator of the Original Reference Rate that it will, by 
a specified date within the following six months, cease publishing the Original 
Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely (in circumstances where no successor 
administrator has been appointed that will continue publication of the Original 
Reference Rate); or
(c)
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference 
Rate, that the Original Reference Rate has been or will, by a specified date within the 
following six months, be permanently or indefinitely discontinued; or
(d)
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference 
Rate as a consequence of which the Original Reference Rate will be prohibited from 
being used either generally, or in respect of the Notes, in each case within the 
following six months; or
(e)
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference 
Rate announcing that such Original Reference Rate is no longer representative, within 
the following six months; or
(f)
it has become unlawful for, the Principal Paying Agent, any Paying Agent, the 
Calculation Agent, the Issuer or other party to calculate any payments due to be made

--- Page 169 ---
169
to any Noteholder, Receiptholder or Couponholder using the Original Reference 
Rate;
Independent Adviser means an independent financial institution of international repute or an 
independent financial adviser with appropriate expertise appointed by the Issuer under 
Condition 3.4(a) (Independent Adviser);
Original Reference Rate means the originally-specified benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable) used to determine the Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) on the 
Notes;
Relevant Nominating Body means, in respect of a benchmark or screen rate (as applicable):
(a)
the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable) relates, or any central bank or other supervisory authority which is 
responsible for supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable); or
(b)
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or 
constituted at the request of (a) the central bank for the currency to which the 
benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) relates, (b) any central bank or other 
supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator of the 
benchmark or screen rate (as applicable), (c) a group of the aforementioned central 
banks or other supervisory authorities or (d) the Financial Stability Board or any part 
thereof;
Successor Rate means the rate that the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable)
determines (acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) is a successor to 
or replacement of the Original Reference Rate which is formally recommended by any 
Relevant Nominating Body.
3.5
Change of Interest Basis
If Change of Interest Basis is specified as applicable in the form of Final Terms, the interest 
payable in respect of the Notes will be calculated in accordance with Condition 3.1 or 
Condition 3.3 above each applicable only for the relevant periods specified in the form of 
Final Terms.
If Change of Interest Basis is specified as applicable in the form of Final Terms, and Issuer's 
Switch Option is also specified as applicable in the form of Final Terms, the Issuer may, on 
one or more occasions, as specified in the form of Final Terms, at its option (any such option, 
a Switch Option), having given notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 12 on 
or prior to the relevant Switch Option Expiry Date, change the Interest Basis of the Notes 
from Fixed Rate to Floating Rate or Floating Rate to Fixed Rate or as otherwise specified in 
the form of Final Terms with effect from (and including) the Switch Option Effective Date 
specified in the form of Final Terms to (but excluding) the Maturity Date (or, where more 
than one Switch Option Effective Date is specified in the form of Final Terms, up to and 
excluding the next following Switch Option Effective Date), provided that (A) the Switch 
Option may be exercised only in respect of all the outstanding Notes, (B) upon exercise of a 
Switch Option, the Interest Basis change will be effective form (and including) the relevant 
Switch Option Effective Date until the Maturity Date (or, where more than one Switch Option 
Effective Date is specified as applicable in the form of Final Terms, up to and excluding the 
next following Switch Option Effective Date to the extent the related Switch Option is 
exercised), and (C) where a Switch Option has not been exercised prior to the relevant Switch

--- Page 170 ---
170
Option Expiry Date, the Issuer shall no longer be entitled to exercise such Switch Option and 
the Interest Basis shall not change.
Switch Option Expiry Date and Switch Option Effective Date shall mean any date specified 
as such in the form of Final Terms provided that any date specified in the form of Final Terms 
as a Switch Option Effective Date shall be deemed as such subject to the exercise of the 
relevant Switch Option having been notified to the Issuer pursuant to this Condition and in 
accordance with Condition 12 prior to the relevant Switch Option Expiry Date. 
3.6
Exempt Notes
In the case of Exempt Notes which are also Floating Rate Notes where the applicable Pricing 
Supplement identifies that Screen Rate Determination applies to the calculation of interest, if 
the Reference Rate from time to time is specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement as 
being other than EURIBOR, the Rate of Interest in respect of such Exempt Notes will be 
determined as provided in the applicable Pricing Supplement.
The rate or amount of interest payable in respect of Exempt Notes which are not also Fixed 
Rate Notes or Floating Rate Notes shall be determined in the manner specified in the 
applicable Pricing Supplement, provided that where such Notes are Index Linked Interest 
Notes the provisions of Condition 3.3 shall, save to the extent amended in the applicable 
Pricing Supplement, apply as if the references therein to Floating Rate Notes and to the Agent 
were references to Index Linked Interest Notes and the Calculation Agent, respectively, and
provided further that the Calculation Agent will notify the Agent of the Rate of Interest for 
the relevant Interest Period as soon as practicable after calculating the same.
In the case of Partly Paid Notes (other than Partly Paid Notes which are Zero Coupon Notes), 
interest will accrue as aforesaid on the paid up nominal amount of such Notes and otherwise 
as specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement.
Change of Interest Basis
If Change of Interest Basis is specified as applicable in the applicable Pricing Supplement, the 
interest payable in respect of the Notes will be calculated in accordance with Condition 3.1 or 
Condition 3.3 above each applicable only for the relevant periods specified in the applicable 
Pricing Supplement.
If Change of Interest Basis is specified as applicable in the applicable Pricing Supplement, 
and Issuer's Switch Option is also specified as applicable in the applicable Pricing 
Supplement, the Issuer may, on one or more occasions, as specified in the applicable Pricing 
Supplement, at its option (any such option, a Switch Option), having given notice to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 12 on or prior to the relevant Switch Option Expiry 
Date, change the Interest Basis of the Notes from Fixed Rate to Floating Rate or Floating Rate 
to Fixed Rate or as otherwise specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement with effect from 
(and including) the Switch Option Effective Date specified in the applicable Pricing 
Supplement to (but excluding) the Maturity Date (or, where more than one Switch Option 
Effective Date is specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement, up to and excluding the next 
following Switch Option Effective Date), provided that (A) the Switch Option may be 
exercised only in respect of all the outstanding Notes, (B) upon exercise of a Switch Option, 
the Interest Basis change will be effective form (and including) the relevant Switch Option 
Effective Date until the Maturity Date (or, where more than one Switch Option Effective Date 
is specified as applicable in the applicable Pricing Supplement, up to and excluding the next 
following Switch Option Effective Date to the extent the related Switch Option is exercised), 
and (C) where a Switch Option has not been exercised prior to the relevant Switch Option

--- Page 171 ---
171
Expiry Date, the Issuer shall no longer be entitled to exercise such Switch Option and the 
Interest Basis shall not change.
Switch Option Expiry Date and Switch Option Effective Date shall mean any date specified 
as such in the applicable Pricing Supplement provided that any date specified in the 
applicable Pricing Supplement as a Switch Option Effective Date shall be deemed as such 
subject to the exercise of the relevant Switch Option having been notified to the Issuer 
pursuant to this Condition and in accordance with Condition 12 prior to the relevant Switch
Option Expiry Date.
3.7
Accrual of interest
Each Note (or in the case of the redemption of part only of a Note, that part only of such 
Note) will cease to bear interest (if any) from the date for its redemption unless payment of 
principal is improperly withheld or refused. In such event, interest will continue to accrue 
until whichever is the earlier of:
(a)
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Note have been paid; and
(b)
as provided in the Agency Agreement for the Italian Law Notes.
4.
PAYMENTS
4.1
Method of payment
Subject as provided below:
(a)
payments in a Specified Currency other than euro will be made by credit or transfer to
an account in the relevant Specified Currency maintained by the payee with a bank in 
the principal financial centre of the country of such Specified Currency (which, if the 
Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars, shall be Sydney and 
Auckland, respectively); and
(b)
payments will be made in euro by credit or transfer to a euro account (or any other 
account to which euro may be credited or transferred) specified by the payee.
Payments will be subject in all cases to (i) any fiscal or other laws and regulations applicable 
thereto in the place of payment, but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 6 and (ii) 
any withholding or deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) 
of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code) or otherwise imposed 
pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or agreements 
thereunder, 
any 
official 
interpretations 
thereof,
or 
any 
law 
implementing 
an 
intergovernmental approach thereto.
4.2
Presentation of definitive Notes, Receipts and Coupons
Payments of principal in respect of definitive Notes will (subject as provided below) be made 
in the manner provided in Condition 4.1 above only against presentation and surrender (or, in 
the case of part payment of any sum due, endorsement) of definitive Notes, and payments of 
interest in respect of definitive Notes will (subject as provided below) be made as aforesaid 
only against presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, 
endorsement) of Coupons, in each case at the specified office of any Paying Agent outside the 
United States (which expression, as used herein, means the United States of America 
(including the States and the District of Columbia and its possessions)).

--- Page 172 ---
172
Fixed Rate Notes in definitive form (other than Long Maturity Notes (as defined below)) and 
save as provided in Condition 4.4 should be presented for payment together with all 
unmatured Coupons appertaining thereto (which expression shall for this purpose include 
Coupons falling to be issued on exchange of matured Talons), failing which the amount of 
any missing unmatured Coupon (or, in the case of payment not being made in full, the same 
proportion of the amount of such missing unmatured Coupon as the sum so paid bears to the 
sum due) will be deducted from the sum due for payment. Each amount of principal so 
deducted will be paid in the manner mentioned above against surrender of the relative missing 
Coupon at any time before the expiry of 10 years after the Relevant Date (as defined in 
Condition 6) in respect of such principal (whether or not such Coupon would otherwise have 
become void under Condition 7) or, if later, five years from the date on which such Coupon 
would otherwise have become due, but in no event thereafter.
Upon any Fixed Rate Note in definitive form becoming due and repayable prior to its 
Maturity Date, all unmatured Talons (if any) appertaining thereto will become void and no 
further Coupons will be issued in respect thereof.
Upon the date on which any Floating Rate Note or Long Maturity Note in definitive form 
becomes due and repayable, unmatured Coupons and Talons (if any) relating thereto (whether 
or not attached) shall become void and no payment or, as the case may be, exchange for 
further Coupons shall be made in respect thereof. A Long Maturity Note is a Fixed Rate
Note (other than a Fixed Rate Note which on issue had a Talon attached) whose nominal 
amount on issue is less than the aggregate interest payable thereon provided that such Note 
shall cease to be a Long Maturity Note on the Interest Payment Date on which the aggregate 
amount of interest remaining to be paid after that date is less than the nominal amount of such 
Note.
If the due date for redemption of any definitive Note is not an Interest Payment Date, interest 
(if any) accrued in respect of such Note from (and including) the preceding Interest Payment 
Date or, as the case may be, the Interest Commencement Date shall be payable only against 
surrender of the relevant definitive Note.
4.3
Payments in respect of Global Notes
Payments of principal and interest (if any) in respect of Notes represented by any Global Note 
will (subject as provided below) be made in the manner specified above in relation to 
definitive Notes or otherwise in the manner specified in the relevant Global Note, where 
applicable against presentation or surrender, as the case may be, of such Global Note at the 
specified office of any Paying Agent outside the United States. A record of each payment 
made, distinguishing between any payment of principal and any payment of interest, will be 
made either on such Global Note by the Paying Agent to which it was presented or in the 
records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable.
4.4
Specific provisions in relation to payments in respect of certain types of Exempt Notes
Payments of instalments of principal (if any) in respect of definitive Notes, other than the 
final instalment, will (subject as provided below) be made in the manner provided in 
Condition 4.1 above only against presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part payment 
of any sum due, endorsement) of the relevant Receipt in accordance with the preceding 
paragraph. Payment of the final instalment will be made in the manner provided in Condition 
4.1 above only against presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum 
due, endorsement) of the relevant Note in accordance with the preceding paragraph. Each 
Receipt must be presented for payment of the relevant instalment together with the definitive 
Note to which it appertains. Receipts presented without the definitive Note to which they

--- Page 173 ---
173
appertain do not constitute valid obligations of the Issuer. Upon the date on which any 
definitive Note becomes due and repayable, unmatured Receipts (if any) relating thereto 
(whether or not attached) shall become void and no payment shall be made in respect thereof.
Upon the date on which any Dual Currency Note or Index Linked Note in definitive form 
becomes due and repayable, unmatured Coupons and Talons (if any) relating thereto (whether 
or not attached) shall become void and no payment or, as the case may be, exchange for 
further Coupons shall be made in respect thereof.
4.5
General provisions applicable to payments
The holder of a Global Note shall be the only person entitled to receive payments in respect of 
Notes represented by such Global Note and the Issuer will be discharged by payment to, or to 
the order of, the holder of such Global Note in respect of each amount so paid. Each of the 
persons shown in the records of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as the beneficial 
holder of a particular nominal amount of Notes represented by such Global Note must look 
solely to Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, for his share of each 
payment so made by the Issuer to, or to the order of, the holder of such Global Note.
Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Condition, if any amount of principal and/or 
interest in respect of Notes is payable in U.S. dollars, such U.S. dollar payments of principal 
and/or interest in respect of such Notes will be made at the specified office of a Paying Agent 
in the United States if:
(a)
the Issuer has appointed Paying Agents with specified offices outside the United 
States with the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents would be able to 
make payment in U.S. dollars at such specified offices outside the United States of
the full amount of principal and interest on the Notes in the manner provided above 
when due;
(b)
payment of the full amount of such principal and interest at all such specified offices
outside the United States is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or 
other similar restrictions on the full payment or receipt of principal and interest in 
U.S. dollars; and
(c)
such payment is then permitted under United States law without involving, in the 
opinion of the Issuer, adverse tax consequences to the Issuer.
4.6
Payment Day
If the date for payment of any amount in respect of any Note, Receipt or Coupon is not a 
Payment Day, the holder thereof shall not be entitled to payment until the next following 
Payment Day in the relevant place and shall not be entitled to further interest or other 
payment in respect of such delay. For these purposes, Payment Day means any day which 
(subject to Condition 7) is:
(a)
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and 
are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign 
currency deposits):
(i)
in the case of Notes in definitive form only, in the relevant place of presentation; and
(ii)
in each Additional Financial Centre (other than TARGET2 System) specified in the 
form of Final Terms;

--- Page 174 ---
174
(b)
if TARGET2 System is specified as an Additional Financial Centre in the form of 
Final Terms, a day on which the TARGET2 System is open;
(c)
either (1) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a 
day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and 
are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign 
currency deposits) in the principal financial centre of the country of the relevant 
Specified Currency (which if the Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New 
Zealand dollars shall be Sydney and Auckland, respectively) or (2) in relation to any 
sum payable in euro, a day on which the TARGET2 System is open.
4.7
Interpretation of principal and interest
Any reference in the Conditions to principal in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to 
include, as applicable:
(a)
any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to principal under 
Condition 6;
(b)
the Final Redemption Amount of the Notes;
(c)
the Early Redemption Amount of the Notes;
(d)
the Optional Redemption Amount(s) (if any) of the Notes;
(e)
in relation to Exempt Notes redeemable in instalments, the Instalment Amounts; and
(f)
any premium and any other amounts (other than interest) which may be payable by 
the Issuer under or in respect of the Notes.
Any reference in the Conditions to interest in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to include, 
as applicable, any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to interest under 
Condition 6.
5.
REDEMPTION AND PURCHASE
5.1
Redemption at maturity
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as specified below, each Note will be 
redeemed by the Issuer (i) at least at par in case of Fixed Rate Notes, Reset Notes, Floating 
Rate Notes and Zero Coupon Notes, as specified in the form of Final Terms in the relevant 
Specified Currency and on the Maturity Date specified in the form of Final Terms (ii) in the 
case of Exempt Notes, at its Final Redemption Amount specified in the applicable Pricing 
Supplement in the relevant Specified Currency on the Maturity Date specified in the 
Applicable Pricing Supplement.
5.2
Redemption for tax reasons
Subject to Condition 5.7, the Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer (but subject, 
in the case of Senior Notes and Non-Preferred Senior Notes, to the provisions of Condition 
5.13 and, in the case of Subordinated Notes, to the provisions of Condition 5.14) in whole, but 
not in part, at any time (if this Note is not a Floating Rate Note) or on any Interest Payment 
Date (if this Note is a Floating Rate Note), on giving not less than the minimum period nor
more than the maximum period of notice specified in the form of Final Terms to the Principal

--- Page 175 ---
175
Paying Agent and, in accordance with Condition 12, the Noteholders (which notice shall be 
irrevocable), if:
(a)
on the occasion of the next payment due under the Notes (in the case of Subordinated 
Notes, in respect of payments of interest only), the Issuer has or will become obliged 
to pay additional amounts as provided or referred to in Condition 6 as a result of any 
change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of, or applicable in, a Tax
Jurisdiction (as defined in Condition 6), or any change in the application or official 
interpretation of such laws or regulations, which change or amendment becomes 
effective after the date on which agreement is reached to issue the first Tranche of the 
Notes, provided that in the case of any redemption of Subordinated Notes proposed to 
be made prior to the fifth anniversary of the Issue Date, under the relevant Regulatory 
Capital Requirements (as defined in Condition 5.14) the Issuer demonstrates to the 
satisfaction of the relevant Competent Authority that such change or amendment is 
material and was not reasonably foreseeable by the Issuer as at the date of the issue of 
the first tranche of the relevant Subordinated Notes; and
(b)
such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures available 
to it,
provided that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than 90 days prior to the 
earliest date on which the Issuer would be obliged to pay such additional amounts were a 
payment in respect of the Notes then due.
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition, the Issuer 
shall deliver or procure that there is delivered to the Agent to make available at its specified 
office to the Noteholders (i) a certificate signed by two authorised signatories of the Issuer 
stating that the said circumstances prevail and describe the facts leading thereto and (ii) an 
opinion of independent legal advisers of recognised standing to the effect that the Issuer has 
or will become obliged to pay such additional amounts as a result of such change or 
amendment and the Agent shall be entitled to accept such documents as sufficient evidence of 
the satisfaction of the conditions precedent set out above, in which event it shall be conclusive 
and binding on the Noteholders, the Receiptholders and the Couponholders.
Upon the expiry of any such notice as is referred to in this Condition 5.2, the Issuer shall be 
bound to redeem the Notes in accordance with this Condition 5.2. Notes redeemed pursuant to 
this Condition 5.2 will be redeemed at their Early Redemption Amount referred to in 
Condition 5.7 below together (if appropriate) with interest accrued to (but excluding) the date 
of redemption. 
5.3
Redemption for regulatory reasons (Regulatory Call)
This Condition 5.3 applies only to Notes specified in the form of Final Terms as being 
Subordinated Notes.
If Regulatory Call is specified in the form of Final Terms, the Notes may be redeemed at the 
option of the Issuer (subject to the provisions of Condition 5.14), in whole, but not in part, at 
any time (if the Note is neither a Floating Rate Note, an Index Linked Interest Note nor a 
Dual Currency Interest Note) or on any Interest Payment Date (if the Note is either a Floating 
Rate Note, an Index Linked Interest Note or a Dual Currency Interest Note), on giving not 
less than 15 nor more than 30 days’ notice to the Principal Paying Agent and, in accordance 
with Condition 13, the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable), if there is a change in 
the regulatory classification of the Subordinated Notes that would be likely to result in their 
exclusion from “Tier 2” capital at individual or consolidated basis (in whole or in part),

--- Page 176 ---
176
provided that, in case of exclusion in part, such exclusion is not as a result of amortisation or 
any limits on the amount of “Tier 2” capital applicable to the Issuer.
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition, the Issuer 
shall deliver or procure that there is delivered to the Agent a certificate signed by two 
authorised signatories of the Issuer stating that the said circumstances prevail and describe the 
facts leading thereto and the Agent shall be entitled to accept such certificate as sufficient 
evidence of the satisfaction of the conditions precedent set out above, in which event it shall 
be conclusive and binding on the Noteholders, the Receiptholders and the Couponholders.
Upon the expiry of any such notice as is referred to in this Condition 5.3, the Issuer shall be 
bound to redeem the Notes in accordance with this Condition 5.3. Notes redeemed pursuant to 
this Condition 5.3 will be redeemed at their Early Redemption Amount referred to in 
Condition 5.7 below together (if appropriate) with interest accrued to (but excluding) the date 
of redemption.
5.4
Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Call)
This Condition 5.4 applies to Notes which are subject to redemption prior to the Maturity 
Date at the option of the Issuer (other than for taxation reasons or for regulatory reasons), 
such option being referred to as an Issuer Call.  The form of Final Terms contains provisions 
applicable to any Issuer Call and must be read in conjunction with this Condition 5.4 for full 
information on any Issuer Call. In particular, the form of Final Terms will identify the 
Optional Redemption Date(s), the Optional Redemption Amount, any minimum or maximum 
amount of Notes which can be redeemed and the applicable notice periods.
If Issuer Call is specified as being applicable in the form of Final Terms, the Issuer may 
(subject to, in the case of Senior Notes and Non-Preferred Senior Notes, Condition 5.13 and, 
in the case of Subordinated Notes, the provisions of Condition 5.14), having given not less 
than the minimum period nor more than the maximum period of notice specified in the form 
of Final Terms to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 12 (which notice shall be 
irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption), redeem all or some only of the 
Notes then outstanding on any Optional Redemption Date and at the Optional Redemption 
Amount(s) specified in the form of Final Terms together, if appropriate, with interest accrued 
to (but excluding) the relevant Optional Redemption Date.  Any such redemption must be of a 
nominal amount not less than the Minimum Redemption Amount and not more than the 
Maximum Redemption Amount, in each case as may be specified in the form of Final Terms. 
The Optional Redemption Amount will either be the specified percentage of the nominal 
amount of the Notes stated in the form of Final Terms or, if a Make-whole Amount is 
specified in the form of Final Terms, will be an amount calculated by the Issuer (or by an 
agent appointed by the Issuer to calculate the amount on its behalf) equal to the higher of:
(a)
100 per cent. of the nominal amount of the Notes to be redeemed; or
(b)
the sum of the present values of the nominal amount of the Notes to be redeemed and 
the Remaining Term Interest on such Notes (exclusive of interest accrued to the 
Optional Redemption Date) discounted to the Optional Redemption Date on an 
annual basis (based on the actual number of days elapsed divided by 365 or (in the 
case of a leap year) 366) at the Reference Bond Rate (as defined below), plus the 
specified Redemption Margin,
plus in each case, for the avoidance of doubt, any interest accrued on the Notes to, but 
excluding, the Optional Redemption Date.

--- Page 177 ---
177
In the Conditions:
FA Selected Bond means a government security or securities selected by the Financial 
Adviser as having an actual or interpolated maturity comparable with the remaining term of 
the Notes that would be utilised, at the time of selection and in accordance with customary 
financial practice, in pricing new issues of corporate debt securities denominated in the same 
currency as the Notes and of a comparable maturity to the remaining term of the Notes;
Financial Adviser means an independent and internationally recognised financial adviser 
selected by the Issuer;
Redemption Margin shall be as set out in the form of Final Terms;
Reference Bond shall be as set out in the form of Final Terms or the FA Selected Bond;
Reference Bond Price means, with respect to the Optional Redemption Date, (a) the 
arithmetic average of the Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations for such date of 
redemption, after excluding the highest and lowest such Reference Government Bond Dealer 
Quotations, or (b) if the Agent obtains fewer than four such Reference Government Bond 
Dealer Quotations, the arithmetic average of all such quotations;
Reference Bond Rate means, with respect to the Optional Redemption Date, the rate per 
annum equal to the annual or semi-annual yield (as the case may be) to maturity or 
interpolated yield to maturity (on the relevant day count basis) of the Reference Bond, 
assuming a price for the Reference Bond (expressed as a percentage of its nominal amount) 
equal to the Reference Bond Price for such Optional Redemption Date;
Reference Government Bond Dealer means each of the five banks selected by the Issuer, or 
their affiliates, which are (a) primary government securities dealers, and their respective 
successors, or (b) market makers in pricing corporate bond issues;
Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations means, with respect to each Reference 
Government Bond Dealer and the Optional Redemption Date, the arithmetic average, as 
determined by the Agent, of the bid and offered prices for the Reference Bond (expressed in 
each case as a percentage of its nominal amount) at the Quotation Time specified in the form 
of Final Terms on the Reference Date quoted in writing to the Agent by such Reference 
Government Bond Dealer; and
Remaining Term Interest means, with respect to any Note, the aggregate amount of 
scheduled payment(s) of interest on such Note for the remaining term of such Note 
determined on the basis of the rate of interest applicable to such Note from and including the 
Optional Redemption Date.
All notifications, opinions, determinations, certifications, calculations, quotations and 
decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of this Condition 5.4 by the 
Issuer (or by an agent appointed by the Issuer to calculate the amount on its behalf), shall (in 
the absence of manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the Paying Agents and all Noteholders
and Couponholders and (in the absence of wilful misconduct, gross negligence or fraud) no 
liability to the Issuer, the Noteholders, the Receiptholders or the Couponholders shall attach 
to the Principal Paying Agent.
In the case of a partial redemption of Notes, the Notes to be redeemed (Redeemed Notes) 
will, subject to compliance with applicable law, be selected individually by lot, in the case of 
Redeemed Notes represented by definitive Notes, and in accordance with the rules of

--- Page 178 ---
178
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (to be reflected in the records of Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg as either a pool factor or a reduction in nominal amount, at their 
discretion) in the case of Redeemed Notes represented by a Global Note, not more than 30 
days prior to the date fixed for redemption (such date of selection being hereinafter called the 
Selection Date). In the case of Redeemed Notes represented by definitive Notes, a list of the 
serial numbers of such Redeemed Notes will be published in accordance with Condition 12 
not less than 15 days prior to the date fixed for redemption. No exchange of the relevant 
Global Note will be permitted during the period from (and including) the Selection Date to 
(and including) the date fixed for redemption pursuant to this Condition 5.4 and notice to that 
effect shall be given by the Issuer to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 12 at least 
five days prior to the Selection Date.
5.5
Redemption at the option of the Noteholders (Investor Put)
This Condition 5.5 applies only to Notes specified in the form of Final Terms as being Senior 
Notes or Non-Preferred Senior Notes. 
This Condition 5.5 applies to Notes which are subject to redemption prior to the Maturity 
Date at the option of the Noteholder, such option being referred to as an Investor Put.  The 
form of Final Terms contains provisions applicable to any Investor Put and must be read in 
conjunction with this Condition 5.5 for full information on any Investor Put.  In particular, the 
form of Final Terms will identify the Optional Redemption Date(s), the Optional Redemption 
Amount and the applicable notice periods.
If Investor Put is specified as being applicable in the form of Final Terms, upon the holder of 
any Note giving to the Issuer in accordance with Condition 12 not less than the minimum 
period nor more than the maximum period of notice specified in the form of Final Terms, the 
Issuer will, upon the expiry of such notice, redeem, in whole (but not, in the case of a Bearer 
Note in definitive form, in part), such Note on the Optional Redemption Date and at the 
Optional Redemption Amount together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but 
excluding) the Optional Redemption Date. 
To exercise the right to require redemption of this Note the holder of this Note must, if this
Note is in definitive form and held outside Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, deliver, 
at the specified office of any Paying Agent at any time during normal business hours of such 
Paying Agent or, as the case may be, the Registrar falling within the notice period, a duly 
completed and signed notice of exercise in the form (for the time being current) obtainable 
from any specified office of any Paying Agent (a Put Notice) and in which the holder must 
specify a bank account to which payment is to be made under this Condition the Put Notice 
must be accompanied by this Note or evidence satisfactory to the Paying Agent concerned 
that this Note will, following delivery of the Put Notice, be held to its order or under its 
control.
If this Note is represented by a Global Note or is in definitive form and held through 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, to exercise the right to require redemption of this 
Note the holder of this Note must, within the notice period, give notice to the Principal Paying 
Agent of such exercise in accordance with the standard procedures of Euroclear, and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg (which may include notice being given on his instruction by 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg or any common depositary or common safekeeper, 
as the case may be for them to the Principal Paying Agent by electronic means) in a form 
acceptable to Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg from time to time.
Any Put Notice or other notice given in accordance with the standard procedures of Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg by a holder of any Note pursuant to this Condition 5.5 shall be

--- Page 179 ---
179
irrevocable except where, prior to the due date of redemption, an Event of Default has 
occurred and the Agent has declared the Notes to be due and payable pursuant to Condition 8, 
in which event such holder, at its option, may elect by notice to the Issuer to withdraw the 
notice given pursuant to this Condition 5.5.
5.6
Issuer Call due to MREL Disqualification Event
This Condition 5.6 applies only to Notes specified in the form of Final Terms as being Senior 
Notes or Non-Preferred Senior Notes.
In respect of any Series of Senior Notes or Non-Preferred Senior Notes where Issuer Call due 
to MREL Disqualification Event is specified as being applicable in the form of Final Terms, 
then the Issuer may (subject to the provisions of Condition 5.13) on any Interest Payment 
Date (if the Note is a Floating Rate Note), or at any time (if the Note is not a Floating Rate 
Note), on giving not less than the minimum period nor more than the maximum period of 
notice specified in the form of Final Terms to the Principal Paying Agent and, in accordance 
with Condition 12 (which notice shall be irrevocable), the Noteholders, redeem all (but not 
some only) of the Notes then outstanding at their Early Redemption Amount as described in 
Condition 5.7 below (if appropriate) with interest accrued to (but excluding) the date fixed for 
redemption, if the Issuer determines that a MREL Disqualification Event has occurred and is 
continuing.
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition, the Issuer shall 
deliver or procure that there is delivered to the Agent a certificate signed by two authorised 
signatories of the Issuer stating that the said circumstances prevail and describe the facts 
leading thereto and the Agent shall be entitled to accept such certificate as sufficient evidence 
of the satisfaction of the conditions precedent set out above, in which event it shall be 
conclusive and binding on the Noteholders, the Receiptholders and the Couponholders.
Upon the expiry of any such notice as is referred to in this Condition 5.6, the Issuer shall be 
bound to redeem the Notes in accordance with this Condition 5.6. Notes redeemed pursuant to 
this Condition 5.6 will be redeemed at their Early Redemption Amount referred to in 
Condition 5.7 below together (if appropriate) with interest accrued to (but excluding) the date 
of redemption.
5.7
Early Redemption Amounts
For the purpose of Condition 5.2, Condition 5.3, Condition 5.6 above and Condition 8:
(a)
each Note (other than a Zero Coupon Note) will be redeemed at its Early Redemption 
Amount; and
(b)
each Zero Coupon Note will be redeemed at its Early Redemption Amount calculated 
in accordance with the following formula:
Early Redemption Amount = RP x (1 + AY)y
where:
RP
means the Reference Price;
AY
means the Accrual Yield expressed as a decimal; and
y
is the Day Count Fraction specified in the form of Final Terms which will be either

--- Page 180 ---
180
(i) 30/360 (in which case the numerator will be equal to the number of days (calculated on the 
basis of a 360-day year consisting of 12 months of 30 days each) from (and including) the 
Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or 
(as the case may be) the date upon which such Note becomes due and repayable and the 
denominator will be 360) or (ii) Actual/360 (in which case the numerator will be equal to the 
actual number of days from (and including) the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes to 
(but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon which 
such Note becomes due and repayable and the denominator will be 360) or (iii) Actual/365 (in 
which case the numerator will be equal to the actual number of days from (and including) the 
Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or 
(as the case may be) the date upon which such Note becomes due and repayable and the 
denominator will be 365). 
5.8
Specific redemption provisions applicable to certain types of Exempt Notes
The Final Redemption Amount, any Optional Redemption Amount and the Early Redemption 
Amount in respect of Index Linked Redemption Notes and Dual Currency Redemption Notes 
may be specified in, or determined in the manner specified in, the applicable Pricing 
Supplement. For the purposes of Condition 5.2, Index Linked Interest Notes and Dual 
Currency Interest Notes may be redeemed only on an Interest Payment Date.
Instalment Notes will be redeemed in the Instalment Amounts and on the Instalment Dates 
specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement. In the case of early redemption, the Early 
Redemption Amount of Instalment Notes will be determined in the manner specified in the 
applicable Pricing Supplement.
Partly Paid Notes will be redeemed, whether at maturity, early redemption or otherwise, in 
accordance with the provisions of this Condition and the applicable Pricing Supplement.
5.9
Purchases
Subject to Condition 5.13 in respect of Senior Notes and Non-Preferred Senior Notes and 
Condition 5.14 in respect of Subordinated Notes, the Issuer or any of its subsidiaries may
purchase Notes (provided that, in the case of definitive Notes, all unmatured Receipts, 
Coupons and Talons appertaining thereto are purchased therewith) at any price in the open
market or otherwise. If purchases are made by tender, tenders must be available to all 
Noteholders alike. Such Notes may be held, reissued, resold or, at the option of the purchaser, 
surrendered to any Paying Agent for cancellation.
Subordinated Notes may only be purchased by the Issuer or any of its subsidiaries, provided 
that and to the extent permitted by the relevant Regulatory Capital Requirements (as defined 
in Condition 5.14) at the relevant time the Notes to be purchased (a) do not exceed the lower
of (i) 10 per cent. (or any other threshold as may be requested or required by the Competent 
Authority from time to time) of the aggregate nominal amount of the relevant Series of the 
Subordinated Notes and (ii) 3 per cent. (or any other threshold as may be requested or 
required by the Competent Authority from time to time) of the aggregate nominal amount of 
the Subordinated Notes qualified on issue as "Tier 2 capital" for regulatory capital purposes of 
the Issuer from time to time outstanding and (b) are not purchased in order to be surrendered 
to any Paying Agent for cancellation.
5.10
Cancellation
All Notes which are redeemed will forthwith be cancelled (together with all unmatured 
Receipts, Coupons and Talons attached thereto or surrendered therewith at the time of

--- Page 181 ---
181
redemption). All Notes so cancelled and any Notes purchased and cancelled pursuant to 
Condition 5.9 above (together with all unmatured Receipts, Coupons and Talons cancelled 
therewith) shall be forwarded to the Principal Paying Agent and cannot be reissued or resold.
5.11
Late payment on Zero Coupon Notes
If the amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note upon redemption of such Zero 
Coupon Note pursuant to Condition 5.1, 5.2, 5.3, 5.4 or 5.5 above or upon its becoming due 
and repayable as provided in Condition 8 is improperly withheld or refused, the amount due 
and repayable in respect of such Zero Coupon Note shall be the amount calculated as 
provided in Condition 5.7(b) above as though the references therein to the date fixed for the 
redemption or the date upon which such Zero Coupon Note becomes due and payable were 
replaced by references to the date which is the earlier of:
(a)
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Zero Coupon Note have been 
paid; and
(b)
five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in respect of 
such Zero Coupon Notes has been received by the Principal Paying Agent and notice 
to that effect has been given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 12.
5.12
Italian Civil Code
The Notes are not subject to Article 1186 of the Italian Civil Code nor, to the extent 
applicable, to Article 1819 of the Italian Civil Code.
5.13
Conditions to Early Redemption and Purchase of Senior Notes and Non-Preferred Senior 
Notes
Any redemption or purchase of Senior Notes and Non-Preferred Senior Notes in accordance 
with Conditions 5.2, 5.4, 5.6 or 5.9 or Condition 13 (including, for the avoidance of doubt, 
any modification or variation in accordance with Condition 13) is subject to compliance by 
the Issuer with any conditions to such redemption or repurchase prescribed by the MREL 
Requirements at the relevant time (including any requirements applicable to such redemption 
or repurchase due to the qualification of such Senior Notes or Non-Preferred Senior Notes at 
such time as eligible liabilities available to meet the MREL Requirements) and, including, as 
relevant, the condition that the Issuer has obtained the prior permission of the Relevant 
Resolution Authority in accordance with Article 78a of the CRR, where one of the following 
conditions is met:
(a)
on or before such call, redemption, repayment or repurchase (as applicable), the 
Issuer replaces the relevant Notes with own funds instruments or eligible liabilities 
instruments of equal or higher quality at terms that are sustainable for its income 
capacity; or
(b)
the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Relevant Resolution Authority 
that its own funds and eligible liabilities would, following such call, redemption, 
repayment or repurchase, exceed the requirements for own funds and eligible 
liabilities laid down in the Regulatory Capital Requirements by a margin that the 
Relevant Resolution Authority, in agreement with the Competent Authority, 
considers necessary; or
(c)
the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Relevant Resolution Authority 
that the partial or full replacement of the relevant Notes with own funds instruments

--- Page 182 ---
182
is necessary to ensure compliance with the own funds requirements laid down in the 
Regulatory Capital Requirements for continuing authorisation,
subject in any event to any different conditions or requirements as may be applicable from 
time to time under the Regulatory Capital Requirements.
The Relevant Resolution Authority may grant a general prior permission, for a specified 
period which shall not exceed one year, to redeem or purchase (including for market making 
purposes) Senior Notes or Non-Preferred Senior Notes, in the limit of a predetermined 
amount, subject to criteria that ensure that any such redemption or purchase will be in 
accordance with the conditions set out in sub-paragraphs (a) or (b) of the preceding paragraph.
5.14
Conditions to Early Redemption and Purchase of Subordinated Notes
Any redemption or purchase of Subordinated Notes in accordance with Condition 5.2, 5.3, 5.4 
or 5.9 or Condition 13 (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any modification or variation in 
accordance with Condition 13) is subject to compliance with the then applicable Regulatory 
Capital Requirements, including, as relevant, for the avoidance of doubt:
(a)
the Issuer giving notice to the relevant Competent Authority and such Competent 
Authority granting prior permission to redeem or purchase the relevant Subordinated 
Notes (in each case in the manner required by the relevant Regulatory Capital
Requirements, including Articles 77 and 78 of CRR, as amended or replaced from 
time to time), where either:
(i)
on or before such redemption or purchase (as applicable), the Issuer having 
replaced the Notes with own funds instruments of equal or higher quality at 
terms that are sustainable for the income capacity of the Issuer; or
(ii)
the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Competent Authority 
that its own funds and eligible liabilities would, following such repayment or 
purchase, exceed the minimum requirements (including any capital buffer 
requirements) required under the Regulatory Capital Requirements by a 
margin that the Competent Authority considers necessary at such time; and
(b)
in respect of a call, redemption repayment or repurchase prior to the fifth anniversary
of the Issue Date of the relevant Subordinated Notes, if and to the extent required 
under Article 78(4) of the CRR or the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No. 
241/2014 of 7 January 2014:
(i)
in the case of redemption pursuant to Condition 5.2 (Redemption for tax 
reasons), the Issuer having demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Competent 
Authority that the change in the applicable tax treatment of the Subordinated 
Notes is material and was not reasonably foreseeable as at the Issue Date; or
(ii)
in case of redemption pursuant to Condition 5.3 (Redemption for regulatory 
reasons (Regulatory Call)), if there is a change in the regulatory classification 
of the Subordinated Notes that would be likely to result in their exclusion 
from “Tier 2” capital at individual or consolidated basis (in whole or in part), 
provided that, in case of exclusion in part, such exclusion is not as a result of 
amortisation or any limits on the amount of “Tier 2” capital applicable to the 
Issuer and, in respect of any redemption of the relevant Subordinated Notes 
proposed to be made prior to the fifth anniversary of the Issue Date, both of 
the following conditions are met: (i) the Competent Authority considers such

--- Page 183 ---
183
a change to be sufficiently certain and (ii) the Issuer demonstrates to the 
satisfaction of the Competent Authority that the change in the regulatory 
classification of the Subordinated Notes was not reasonably foreseeable by 
the Issuer as at the date of the issue of the relevant Subordinated Notes; or
(iii)
on or before such redemption or repurchase (as applicable), the Issuer having 
replaced the Notes with own funds instruments of equal or higher quality at 
terms that are sustainable for the income capacity of the Issuer and the 
Competent Authority having permitted that action on the basis of the 
determination that it would be beneficial from a prudential point of view and 
justified by exceptional circumstances; or
(iv)
the Notes being repurchased for market making purposes,
subject in any event to any alternative or additional conditions or requirements as may be 
applicable from time to time under the Regulatory Capital Requirements for the time being.
The Competent Authority may grant a general prior permission, for a specified period which
shall not exceed one year, to redeem or purchase (including for market making purposes) the 
Subordinated Notes, in the limit of a predetermined amount, which shall not exceed the lower 
of (i) 10 per cent. (or any other threshold as may be requested or required by the Competent 
Authority from time to time) of the aggregate nominal amount of the relevant Series of the 
Subordinated Notes and (ii) 3 per cent. (or any other threshold as may be requested or 
required by the Competent Authority from time to time) of the outstanding aggregate nominal 
amount of the Tier 2 instruments of the Issuer at the relevant time, subject to criteria that 
ensure that any such redemption or purchase will be in accordance with the conditions set out 
at letters (i) or (ii) of sub-paragraph (a) of the preceding paragraph.
In these Conditions:
BRRD means Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 
May 2014 establishing a framework for the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and 
investment firms, as amended or replaced from time to time;
BRRD II means Directive (EU) 2019/879 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 
20 May 2019 amending Directive 2014/59/EU as regards the loss-absording and 
recapitalisation capacity of credit institutions and investment firms and Directive 98/26/EC;
Competent Authority means the Bank of Italy and/or, to the extent applicable in any 
relevant situation, the European Central Bank or any successor or replacement entity to either, 
or other authority having primary responsibility for the prudential oversight and supervision 
of the Issuer.
CRD IV Package means, taken together (i) the CRD IV Directive, (ii) the CRR and (iii) the 
Future Capital Instruments Regulations;
CRD IV Directive means Directive 2013/36/EU of the European Parliament and of the
Council of 26 June 2013 on access to the activity of credit institutions and the prudential 
supervision of credit institutions and investment firms, amending Directive 2002/87/EC and 
repealing Directives 2006/48/EC and 2006/49/EC, as amended or replaced from time to time
(including by CRD V Directive);
CRD V Directive means the Directive (EU) 2019/878 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 20 May 2019 amending Directive 2013/36/EU as regards exempted entities,

--- Page 184 ---
184
financial holding companies, mixed financial holding companies, remuneration, supervisory 
measures and powers and capital conservation measures, as amended or replaced from time to 
time;
CRR means Regulation (EU) No. 2013/575 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 
26 June 2013 on prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment firms and 
amending Regulation (EU) No. 648/2012, as amended or replaced from time to time 
(including by CRR II);
CRR II means Regulation (EU) 2019/876 of the of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 20 May 2019 amending Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 as regards the leverage 
ratio, the net stable funding ratio, requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities, 
counterparty credit risk, market risk, exposures to collective investment undertakings, large 
exposures, reporting and disclosure requirements, and Regulation (EU) No 648/2012, as 
amended or replaced from time to time;
Future Capital Instruments Regulations means any regulatory capital rules or regulations 
introduced after the Issue Date by the Competent Authority or which are otherwise applicable 
to the Issuer (on a solo or, if relevant, consolidated basis), which prescribe (alone or in 
conjunction with any other rules or regulations) the requirements to be fulfilled by financial 
instruments for their inclusion in the Own Funds of the Issuer (on a consolidated basis) to the 
extent required by (i) the CRR or (ii) the CRD IV Directive;
Group Entity means the Issuer or any legal person that is part of the BPS Group;
Loss Absorption Power means any statutory write-down and/or conversion power existing 
from time to time under any laws, regulations, rules or requirements, whether relating to the 
resolution or independent of any resolution action, of credit institutions, investment firms 
and/or Group Entities incorporated in the relevant Member State in effect and applicable in 
the relevant Member State to the Issuer or other Group Entities , including (but not limited to) 
any such laws, regulations, rules or requirements that are implemented, adopted or enacted 
within the context of any European Union directive or regulation of the European Parliament 
and of the Council establishing a framework for the recovery and resolution of credit 
institutions and investment firms and/or within the context of a relevant Member State 
resolution regime or otherwise, pursuant to which liabilities of a credit institution, investment 
firm and/or Group Entities can be reduced, cancelled and/or converted into shares or 
obligations of the obligor or any other person; 
MREL Disqualification Event means that at any time, all or part of the aggregate 
outstanding nominal amount of such Series Senior of Notes or Non-Preferred Senior Notes is 
or will be excluded fully or partially from eligible liabilities available to meet the MREL 
Requirements, provided that: (a) the exclusion of a Series of Senior Notes or of Non-Preferred 
Senior Notes from the MREL Requirements due to the remaining maturity of such Senior 
Notes or Non-Preferred Senior Notes being less than any period prescribed thereunder, does 
not constitute an MREL Disqualification Event; (b) the exclusion of all or some of a Series of 
Senior Notes from the MREL Requirements due to there being insufficient headroom for such 
Senior Notes within a prescribed exception to the otherwise applicable general requirements 
for eligible liabilities does not constitute an MREL Disqualification Event; and (c) the 
exclusion of all or some of a Series of Senior Notes or Non-Preferred Senior Notes from
MREL Requirements as a result of such Notes being purchased by or on behalf of the Issuer 
or as a result of a purchase which is funded directly or indirectly by the Issuer, does not 
constitute an MREL Disqualification Event;
MREL Requirements means the laws, regulations, requirements, guidelines, rules, standards

--- Page 185 ---
185
and policies relating to minimum requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities and/or 
loss-absorbing capacity instruments applicable to the Issuer and/or the BPS Group, from time 
to time, (including any applicable transitional provisions), including, without limitation to the 
generality of the foregoing, any delegated or implementing acts (such as regulatory technical 
standards) adopted by the European Commission and any regulations, requirements, 
guidelines, rules, standards and policies relating to minimum requirements for own funds and 
eligible liabilities and/or loss absorbing capacity instruments adopted by the Republic of Italy, 
a relevant Competent Authority, a Relevant Resolution Authority or the European Banking 
Authority from time to time (whether or not such requirements, guidelines or policies are 
applied generally or specifically to the Issuer and/or the BPS Group), as any of the preceding 
laws, regulations, requirements, guidelines, rules, standards, policies or interpretations may be 
amended, supplemented, superseded or replaced from time to time;
Regulatory Capital Requirements means any requirements contained in the regulations, 
rules, guidelines and policies of the Competent Authority, or of the European Parliament and 
Council then in effect in the Republic of Italy, relating to capital adequacy and applicable to 
the Issuer and/or the BPS Group from time to time (including, any applicable transitional 
provisions), including, but not limited to, as at the Issue Date of the relevant Series of Notes, 
the rules contained in, or implementing, the CRD IV Package and the BRRD, delegated or 
implementing acts adopted by the European Commission and guidelines issued by the 
European Banking Authority;
Relevant Resolution Authority means the Italian resolution authority, the Single Resolution 
Board (SRB) established pursuant to the SRM Regulation and/or any other authority entitled
to exercise or participate in the exercise of any Resolution Power or Loss Absorption Power 
from time to time;
Resolution Power means any statutory write-down, transfer and/or conversion power 
existing from time to time under any laws regulations, rules or requirements relating to the 
resolution of the Issuer, including but not limited to any laws, regulations, rules or 
requirements implementing the BRRD and/or the SRM Regulation; 
SRM Regulation means Regulation (EU) No 806/2014 of the European Parliament and 
Council of 15 July 2014 establishing uniform rules and a uniform procedure for the resolution 
of credit institutions and certain investment firms in the framework of a SRM and a Single 
Resolution Fund and amending Regulation (EU) No 1093/2010, as amended or replaced from 
time to time (including by SRM II Regulation); and
SRM II Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2019/877 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 20 May 2019 amending Regulation (EU) No 806/2014 as regards the loss-
absorbing and recapitalisation capacity of credit institution capacity of credit institutions and 
investment firms.
6.
TAXATION
All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes, Receipts or Coupons by or on 
behalf of the Issuer will be made without withholding or deduction for or on account of any 
present or future taxes or duties of whatever nature imposed or levied by or on behalf of any 
Tax Jurisdiction unless such withholding or deduction is required by law.
In such event, the Issuer will pay such additional amounts as shall be necessary in order that 
the net amounts received by the holders of the Notes, Receipts or Coupons after such 
withholding or deduction shall equal the respective amounts of principal and interest, in the 
case of Senior Notes or Non Preferred Senior Notes (if permitted by the MREL

--- Page 186 ---
186
Requirements), or interest only, in the case of Subordinated Notes, which would otherwise 
have been receivable in respect of the Notes, Receipts or Coupons, as the case may be, in the
absence of such withholding or deduction, except that no such additional amounts shall be 
payable: 
(a)
with respect to any Notes, Receipts or Coupons for or on account of imposta 
sostitutiva (at the then applicable rate of tax) pursuant to Italian Legislative Decree 
No. 239 of 1 April 1996 and in all circumstances in which the procedures set forth in 
Legislative Decree No. 239 have not been met or complied with except where such 
procedures have not been met or complied with due to the actions of omissions of the 
Issuer or its agents;
(b)
with respect to any Note, Receipt or Coupon presented for payment:
(i)
in the jurisdiction of incorporation of the Issuer; or
(ii)
by or on behalf of a holder who is liable for such taxes or duties in respect of 
such Note, Receipt or Coupon by reason of his having some connection with 
a Tax Jurisdiction other than the mere holding of such Note, Receipt or 
Coupon; or 
(iii)
by or on behalf of a holder who is entitled to avoid such withholding or 
deduction in respect of such Note, Receipt or Coupon by making or procuring 
a declaration of non-residence or other similar claim for exemption; or 
(iv)
more than 30 days after the Relevant Date (as defined below) except to the 
extent that the holder thereof would have been entitled to an additional 
amount on presenting the same for payment on such thirtieth day assuming 
that day to have been a Payment Day (as defined in Condition 4.6); 
(v)
in the event of payment to a non-Italian resident legal entity or a non-Italian 
resident individual, to the extent that interest or any other amount is paid to a 
non-Italian resident legal entity or a non-Italian resident individual which is 
resident in a country which does not allow for a satisfactory exchange of 
information with the Italian authorities; or 
(c)
in respect of any Note, Receipts or Coupons where such withholding or deduction is 
required pursuant to Law Decree No. 512 of 30 September 1983, as amended or 
supplemented from time to time;
(d)
where such withholding or deduction is imposed on a payment pursuant to Sections 
1471 through 1474 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, any regulations or 
agreements thereunder or any official interpretations thereof or any law implementing 
an intergovernmental approach thereto.
As used herein: 
(i)
Tax Jurisdiction means the Republic of Italy (Italy) or any political subdivision of 
any authority thereof or therein having power to tax; and 
(ii)
Relevant Date means the date on which such payment first becomes due, except that, 
if the full amount of the moneys payable has not been duly received by the Principal 
Paying Agent on or prior to such due date, it means the date on which, the full
amount of such moneys having been so received, notice to that effect is duly given to

--- Page 187 ---
187
the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 12.
7.
PRESCRIPTION
The Notes, Receipts and Coupons will become void unless claims in respect of principal 
and/or interest are made within a period of 10 years (in the case of principal) and five years 
(in the case of interest) after the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 6) therefor.
There shall not be included in any Coupon sheet issued on exchange of a Talon any Coupon 
the claim for payment in respect of which would be void pursuant to this Condition or 
Condition 4.2 or any Talon which would be void pursuant to Condition 4.2.
8.
EVENTS OF DEFAULT AND ENFORCEMENT
8.1
Events of Default relating to Senior Notes, Non-Preferred Senior Notes and Subordinated 
Notes
If any one or more of the following events (an Event of Default) shall occur:
(a)
the Issuer shall be liquidated (including becoming subject to Liquidazione Coatta 
Amministrativa as defined in the Italian Consolidated Banking Act); or
(b)
the Issuer shall otherwise be insolvent,
then any holder of a Senior Note, Non-Preferred Senior Note or Subordinated Note may, by 
written notice to the Issuer and at the specified office of the Agent, effective upon the date of 
receipt thereof by the Agent, declare any Senior Note, Non-Preferred Senior Note or 
Subordinated Note held by the holder to be forthwith due and payable whereupon the same 
shall become forthwith due and payable at is Early Redemption Amount, together with 
accrued interest (if any) to the date of repayment, without presentment, demand, protest or 
other notice of any kind.
No Event of Default for the Notes shall occur other than in the context of an insolvency 
proceeding in respect of the Issuer (and, for the avoidance of doubt, resolution proceeding(s) 
or moratoria imposed by a resolution authority in respect of the Issuer shall not constitute an 
Event of Default for the Notes for any purpose).
9.
REPLACEMENT OF NOTES, RECEIPTS, COUPONS AND TALONS
Should any Note, Receipt, Coupon or Talon be lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it 
may be replaced at the specified office of the Principal Paying Agent upon payment by the 
claimant of such costs and expenses as may be incurred in connection therewith and on such 
terms as to evidence and indemnity as the Issuer may reasonably require. Mutilated or 
defaced Notes, Receipts, Coupons or Talons must be surrendered before replacements will be 
issued.
10.
AGENTS
The initial Agents are set out above. If any additional Paying Agents are appointed in 
connection with any Series, the names of such Paying Agents will be specified in Part B of 
the form of Final Terms.
The Issuer is entitled to vary or terminate the appointment of any Agent and/or appoint 
additional or other Agents and/or approve any change in the specified office through which

--- Page 188 ---
188
any Agent acts, provided that:
(a)
there will at all times be a Principal Paying Agent; 
(b)
there will at all times be a paying agent in a jurisdiction within Europe, other than 
Italy; and 
(c)
so long as the Notes are listed on any stock exchange or admitted to listing by any 
other relevant authority, there will at all times be a Paying Agent (with a specified 
office in such place as may be required by the rules and regulations of the relevant 
stock exchange or other relevant authority).
In addition, the Issuer shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent having a specified office in 
New York City in the circumstances described in Condition 4.5. Notice of any variation, 
termination, appointment or change in Paying Agents will be given to the Noteholders 
promptly by the Issuer in accordance with Condition 12.
In acting under the Agency Agreement for the Italian Law Notes, the Agents act solely as 
agents of the Issuer and do not assume any obligation to, or relationship of agency or trust 
with, any Noteholder, Receiptholder or Couponholder. The Agency Agreement for the Italian
Law Notes contains provisions permitting any entity into which any Agent is merged or 
converted or with which it is consolidated or to which it transfers all or substantially all of its 
assets to become the successor agent.
11.
EXCHANGE OF TALONS
On and after the Interest Payment Date on which the final Coupon comprised in any Coupon 
sheet matures, the Talon (if any) forming part of such Coupon sheet may be surrendered at the 
specified office of any Paying Agent in exchange for a further Coupon sheet including (if 
such further Coupon sheet does not include Coupons to (and including) the final date for the 
payment of interest due in respect of the Note to which it appertains) a further Talon, subject 
to the provisions of Condition 7.
12.
NOTICES
All notices regarding the Notes will be deemed to be validly given if published if and for so 
long as the Notes are admitted to trading on, and listed on the Official List of, the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange, a daily newspaper of general circulation in Luxembourg or the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange's website, www.bourse.lu. It is expected that any such 
publication in a newspaper will be made in the Luxemburger Wort or the Tageblatt in 
Luxembourg. The Issuer shall also ensure that notices are duly published in a manner which 
complies with the rules of any stock exchange or other relevant authority on which the Notes 
are for the time being listed or by which they have been admitted to trading including 
publication on the website of the relevant stock exchange or relevant authority if required by 
those rules. Any such notice will be deemed to have been given on the date of the first 
publication or, where required to be published in more than one newspaper, on the date of the 
first publication in all required newspapers.
Until such time as any definitive Notes are issued, there may, so long as any Global Notes 
representing the Notes are held in their entirety on behalf of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, be substituted for such publication in such newspaper(s) or such websites the 
delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg for 
communication by them to the holders of the Notes and, in addition, for so long as any Notes 
are listed on a stock exchange or are admitted to trading by another relevant authority and the

--- Page 189 ---
189
rules of that stock exchange or relevant authority so require, such notice will be published on 
the website of the relevant stock exchange or relevant authority and/or in a daily newspaper of 
general circulation in the place or places required by those rules. Any such notice shall be 
deemed to have been given to the holders of the Notes on the second day after the day on 
which the said notice was given to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg.
Notices to be given by any Noteholder shall be in writing and given by lodging the same, 
together (in the case of any Note in definitive form) with the relative Note or Notes, with the 
Principal Paying Agent. Whilst any of the Notes are represented by a Global Note, such 
notice may be given by any holder of a Note to the Principal Paying Agent through Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, in such manner as the Principal Paying 
Agent, and Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, may approve for 
this purpose.
13.
MEETINGS OF NOTEHOLDERS, MODIFICATION AND WAIVER 
The Agency Agreement for the Italian Law Notes and the provisions for the meetings of 
Noteholders (including by way of conference call) attached as Annex 1 (Provisions for the 
Meetings of Noteholders) to these Conditions (the "Provisions for the Meetings of 
Noteholders") contains provisions for convening meetings of the Noteholders to consider any 
matter affecting their interests, including the sanctioning by Extraordinary Resolution of a 
modification of the Notes, the Receipts, the Coupons or any of the provisions of the Agency 
Agreement for the Italian Law Notes. Such a meeting may be convened by the Issuer and 
shall be convened by the Issuer if required in writing by Noteholders holding not less than 10 
per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being remaining outstanding. The 
quorum at any such meeting for passing an Extraordinary Resolution is two or more persons 
holding or representing not less than 50 per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes for the time 
being outstanding, or at any adjourned meeting two or more persons being or representing 
Noteholders whatever the nominal amount of the Notes so held or represented, except that at 
any meeting the business of which includes the modification of certain provisions of the 
Notes, the Receipts or the Coupons (including modifying the date of maturity of the Notes or 
any date for payment of interest thereon, reducing or cancelling the amount of principal or the 
rate of interest payable in respect of the Notes, or altering the currency of payment of the 
Notes, the Receipts or the Coupons or amending in certain respects), the quorum shall be two 
or more persons holding or representing not less than two-thirds in nominal amount of the 
Notes for the time being outstanding, or at any adjourned such meeting one or more persons 
holding or representing not less than one-third in nominal amount of the Notes for the time 
being outstanding. An Extraordinary Resolution passed by the Noteholders will be binding on 
all the Noteholders, whether or not they are present at any meeting, and whether or not they 
voted on the resolution, and on all Receiptholders and Couponholders.
The Agency Agreement for the Italian Law Notes and the Provisions for the Meetings of 
Noteholders provide that a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of the holders of not 
less than 75 per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes outstanding shall for all purposes be as 
valid and effective as an Extraordinary Resolution passed at a meeting of Noteholders duly 
convened and held. Such a resolution in writing may be contained in one document or several 
documents in the same form, each signed by or on behalf of one or more Noteholders.
The Agent and the Issuer may agree, without the consent of the Noteholders, Receiptholders 
or Couponholders, to:
(i)
any modification of, or to the waiver or authorisation of any breach or proposed 
breach of, any of the provisions of the Notes or the Agency Agreement for the Italian 
Law Notes that is in the sole opinion of the Issuer not materially prejudicial to the

--- Page 190 ---
190
interests of the Noteholders; or
(ii)
any modification which is of a formal, minor or technical nature or to correct a 
manifest error including without limitation where required in order to comply with 
mandatory provisions of law.
For the avoidance of doubt, any variation of the Conditions and the Agency Agreement for 
the Italian Law Notes to give effect to any Benchmark Amendments in the circumstances and 
as otherwise set out in Condition 3.4 (Benchmark Discontinuation) shall not require the 
consent of the Noteholders, Receiptholders or Couponholders, subject (to the extent required) 
to the Issuer giving any notice required to be given to, and receiving any consent required 
from, or non-objection from, the Competent Authority. Any such modification shall be 
binding on the Noteholders, the Receiptholders and the Couponholders and any such 
modification shall be notified to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 12 as soon as 
practicable thereafter.
In addition, with respect to (i) any Series of Senior Notes or Non-Preferred Senior Notes, if at 
any time a MREL Disqualification Event occurs, and if Variation is specified as being 
applicable in the form of Final Terms, or (ii) all Notes, if Variation is specified as being 
applicable in the form of Final Terms, in order to ensure the effectiveness and enforceability 
of Condition 16 (Statutory Loss Absorption Powers), then the Issuer may, subject to giving 
any notice required to be given to, and receiving consent required from the Competent 
Authority and/or as appropriate the Relevant Resolution Authority, (without any requirement 
for the consent or approval of the holders of the relevant Notes of that Series) and having 
given not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' notice to the Paying Agents and the holders of 
the Notes of that Series (or such other notice periods as may be specified in the Form of Final 
Terms), at any time vary the terms of such Notes so that they remain or, as appropriate, 
become, Qualifying Senior Notes, Qualifying Non-Preferred Senior Notes or Qualifying 
Subordinated Notes, as applicable, provided that such variation does not itself give rise to any 
right of the Issuer to redeem the varied securities. 
In these Conditions:
Qualifying Non-Preferred Senior Notes means securities issued by the Issuer that:
(a)
other than in respect of the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 16, have 
terms not materially less favourable to a holder of the Non-Preferred Senior Notes (as 
reasonably determined by the Issuer) than the terms of the Non-Preferred Senior 
Notes and they shall also (A) contain terms which at such time result in such 
securities being eligible to count towards fulfilment of the Issuer’s and/or the BPS 
Group’s (as applicable) minimum requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities 
under the then applicable MREL Requirements; (B) have a ranking at least equal to 
that of the Non-Preferred Senior Notes; (C) have at least the same interest rate and the 
same Interest Payment Dates as those from time to time applying to the Non-
Preferred Senior Notes; (D) have the same redemption rights as the Non-Preferred 
Senior Notes; (E) preserve any existing rights under the Notes to any accrued but 
unpaid interest in respect of the period from (and including) the Interest Payment 
Date immediately preceding the date of variation; and (F) in the event the Notes carry 
a rating immediately prior to such variation, are assigned (or maintain) the same 
solicited credit ratings as were assigned to the Non-Preferred Senior Notes 
immediately prior to such variation, unless any downgrade is solely attributable to the 
effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 16; and
(b)
are listed on a recognised stock exchange if the Non-Preferred Senior Notes were

--- Page 191 ---
191
listed immediately prior to such variation.
Qualifying Senior Notes means securities issued by the Issuer that:
(a)
other than in respect of the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 16, have 
terms not materially less favourable to a holder of the Senior Notes (as reasonably 
determined by the Issuer) than the terms of the Senior Notes and they shall also (A) 
contain terms which at such time result in such securities being eligible to count 
towards fulfilment of the Issuer’s and/or the BPS Group’s (as applicable) minimum 
requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities under the then applicable MREL 
Requirements; (B) have a ranking at least equal to that of the Senior Notes; (C) have 
at least the same interest rate and the same Interest Payment Dates as those from time 
to time applying to the Senior Notes; (D) have the same redemption rights as the 
Senior Notes; (E) preserve any existing rights under the Notes to any accrued but 
unpaid interest in respect of the period from (and including) the Interest Payment 
Date immediately preceding the date of variation; and (F) in the event the Notes carry 
a rating immediately prior to such variation, are assigned (or maintain) the same 
solicited credit ratings as were assigned to the Senior Notes immediately prior to such 
variation, unless any downgrade is solely attributable to the effectiveness and 
enforceability of Condition 16; and
(b)
are listed on a recognised stock exchange if the Senior Notes were listed immediately 
prior to such variation.
Qualifying Subordinated Notes means securities issued by the Issuer that:
(a) 
other than in respect of the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 16, have 
terms not materially less favourable to a holder of the Subordinated Notes (as 
reasonably determined by the Issuer) than the terms of the Subordinated Notes and 
they shall also (A) comply with the then-current requirements of the Regulatory 
Capital Requirements in relation to Tier 2 capital, (B) have a ranking at least equal to 
that of the Subordinated Notes; (C) have at least the same interest rate and the same 
Interest Payment Dates as those from time to time applying to the Subordinated 
Notes; (D) have the same redemption rights as the Subordinated Notes; (E) preserve 
any existing rights under the Notes to any accrued interest but unpaid interest in 
respect of the period from (and including) the Interest Payment Date immediately 
preceding the date of variation; and (F) in the event the Notes carry a rating 
immediately prior to such variation, are assigned (or maintain) the same solicited 
credit ratings as were assigned to the Subordinated Notes immediately prior to such
variation, unless any downgrade is solely attributable to the effectiveness and 
enforceability of Condition 16; and
(b)
are listed on a recognised stock exchange if the Subordinated Notes were listed 
immediately prior to such variation.
Provision for the Meetings of Noteholders are attached to, and form an integral part of, these 
Conditions. References in these Conditions to the "Provisions for the meetings of 
Noteholders" include such provisions as from time to time modified in accordance with the 
provisions contained therein and any agreement or other document expressed to be 
supplemental thereto.
For avoidance of doubt, any modification or variation pursuant to this Condition 13 is subject 
to the provisions of Condition 5.13 (in respect of Senior Notes and Non-Preferred Senior 
Notes) and Condition 5.14 (in respect of Subordinated Notes).

--- Page 192 ---
192
14.
FURTHER ISSUES
The Issuer shall be at liberty from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders, the 
Receiptholders or the Couponholders to create and issue further notes having terms and 
conditions the same as the Notes or the same in all respects save for the amount and date of 
the first payment of interest thereon and the date from which interest starts to accrue and so 
that the same shall be consolidated and form a single Series with the outstanding Notes.
15.
GOVERNING LAW AND SUBMISSION TO JURISDICTION
15.1
Governing law
The Agency Agreement for the Italian Law Notes, the Terms and Conditions for the Italian 
Law Notes, the Notes, the Receipts and the Coupons and any non-contractual obligations 
arising out of or in connection with any of the above are governed by, and construed in 
accordance with, Italian law. 
15.2
Submission to jurisdiction
(a)
The courts of Milan have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute arising out of or in 
connection with the Agency Agreement for the Italian Law Notes, the Notes, the Receipts 
and/or the Coupons, including any dispute as to their existence, validity, interpretation, 
performance, breach or termination or the consequences of their nullity and any dispute 
relating to any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the Agency 
Agreement for the Italian Law Notes, the Notes, the Receipts and/or the Coupons (a Dispute) 
and accordingly each of the Issuer and any Noteholders, Receiptholders or Couponholders in 
relation to any Dispute submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of Milan.
(b)
For the purposes of this Condition 15.2, the Issuer waives any objection to the courts of Milan 
on the grounds that they are an inconvenient or inappropriate forum to settle any Dispute. 
15.3
Other documents 
The Issuer has in the Agency Agreement for the Italian Law Notes submitted to the exclusive 
jurisdiction of the courts of Milan.
16.
STATUTORY LOSS ABSORPTION POWERS
By the acquisition of the Notes, each Noteholder acknowledges and agrees to be bound by the 
exercise of any Loss Absorption Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority that may result 
in the write-down or cancellation of all or a portion of the principal amount of, or 
distributions on, the Notes and/or the conversion of all or a portion of the principal amount of, 
or distributions on, the Notes into ordinary shares or other obligations of the Issuer or another 
person, including by means of a variation to the terms of the Notes to give effect to the 
exercise by the Relevant Resolution Authority of such Loss Absorption Power. Each 
Noteholder further agrees that the rights of the Noteholders are subject to, and will be varied 
if necessary so as to give effect to, the exercise of any Loss Absorption Power by the 
Relevant Resolution Authority.
Upon the Issuer being informed and notified by the Relevant Resolution Authority of the 
actual exercise of the date from which the Loss Absorption Power is effective with respect to 
the Notes, the Issuer shall notify the Noteholders without delay. Any delay or failure by the 
Issuer to give notice shall not affect the validity and enforceability of the Loss Absorption 
Power nor the effects on the Notes described in this Condition.

--- Page 193 ---
193
The exercise of the Loss Absorption Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority with respect 
to the Notes shall not constitute an Event of Default and the terms and conditions of the Notes 
shall continue to apply in relation to the residual principal amount of, or outstanding amount 
payable with respect to, the Notes subject to any modification of the amount of distributions 
payable to reflect the reduction of the principal amount, and any further modification of the 
terms that the Relevant Resolution Authority may decide in accordance with applicable laws 
and regulations relating to the resolution of credit institutions, investment firms and/or Group 
Entities incorporated in the relevant Member State.
Each Noteholder also acknowledges and agrees that this provision is exhaustive on the 
matters described herein to the exclusion of any other agreements, arrangements or 
understandings relating to the application of any Loss Absorption Power to the Notes.

--- Page 194 ---
194
ANNEX 1 TO THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR THE ITALIAN NOTES
PROVISIONS FOR THE MEETINGS OF NOTEHOLDERS
1.
DEFINITIONS
In the Conditions, the following expressions have the following meanings:
"Block Voting Instruction" means, in relation to any Meeting, a document in the English 
language issued by a Principal Paying Agent:
(a)
certifying that certain specified Notes (the "deposited Notes") have been deposited 
with such Principal Paying Agent (or to its order at a bank or other depositary) or 
blocked in an account with a clearing system and will not be released until the earlier 
of:
(i)
the conclusion of the Meeting; and
(ii)
the surrender to such Principal Paying Agent, not less than 48 hours before 
the time fixed for the Meeting (or, if the Meeting has been adjourned, the 
time fixed for its resumption), of the receipt for the deposited or blocked
Notes and notification thereof by such Principal Paying Agent to the Issuer;
(b)
certifying that the depositor of each deposited Note or a duly authorised person on its 
behalf has instructed the relevant Principal Paying Agent that the votes attributable to
such deposited Note are to be cast in a particular way on each resolution to be put to 
the Meeting and that, during the period of 48 hours before the time fixed for the 
Meeting, such instructions may not be amended or revoked;
(c)
listing the total number and (if in definitive form) the certificate numbers of the 
deposited Notes, distinguishing for each resolution between those in respect of which 
instructions have been given to vote for, or against, the resolution; and
(d)
authorising a named individual or individuals to vote in respect of the deposited 
Notes in accordance with such instructions;
"Chairman" means, in relation to any Meeting, the individual who takes the chair in 
accordance with paragraph 7 (Chairman);
"Extraordinary Resolution" means a resolution passed at a Meeting duly convened and held 
in accordance with this Provisions for the Meetings of Noteholders by a majority of not less 
than three quarters of the votes cast;
"Meeting" means a meeting of Noteholders (whether originally convened or resumed 
following an adjournment);
"Proxy" means, in relation to any Meeting, a person appointed to vote under a Block Voting 
Instruction other than:
(a)
any such person whose appointment has been revoked and in relation to whom the 
Fiscal Agent has been notified in writing of such revocation by the time which is 48

--- Page 195 ---
195
hours before the time fixed for such Meeting; and
(b)
any such person appointed to vote at a Meeting which has been adjourned for want of 
a quorum and who has not been re-appointed to vote at the Meeting when it is 
resumed;
"Relevant Fraction" means:
(a)
for all business other than voting on an Extraordinary Resolution, one tenth or at any 
adjourned meeting two or more persons being or representing the majority of the 
Noteholders attending at the relevant meeting whatever the nominal amount of the 
Notes so held or represented;
(b)
for voting on any Extraordinary Resolution other than one relating to a Reserved 
Matter, is two or more persons holding or representing not less than 50 per cent. in 
nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding, or at any adjourned 
meeting two or more persons being or representing Noteholders whatever the nominal 
amount of the Notes so held or represented; and
(c)
for voting on any Extraordinary Resolution relating to a Reserved Matter, two or 
more persons holding or representing not less than two-thirds in nominal amount of 
the Notes for the time being outstanding, or at any adjourned meeting such meeting 
two Voters representing or holding not less than one-third in nominal amount of the
Notes for the time being outstanding provided, however, that, so long as the nominal 
amount of the Notes is represented by a Global Note, a single Proxy representing the 
holder thereof shall be deemed to be two Voters.
"Reserved Matter" means any proposal:
(a)
to change any date fixed for payment of principal or interest in respect of the Notes, 
to reduce the amount of principal or interest payable on any date in respect of the 
Notes or to alter the method of calculating the amount of any payment in respect of
the Notes on redemption or maturity or the date for any such payment;
(b)
to effect the exchange or substitution of the Notes for, or the conversion of the Notes 
into, shares, bonds or other obligations or securities of the Issuer or any other person 
or body corporate formed or to be formed;
(c)
to change the currency in which amounts due in respect of the Notes are payable;
(d)
to change the quorum required at any Meeting or the majority required to pass an 
Extraordinary Resolution; or
(e)
to amend this definition;
"Voter" means, in relation to any Meeting, the bearer of a Voting Certificate, a Proxy or the 
bearer of a definitive Note who produces such definitive Note at the Meeting;
"Voting Certificate" means, in relation to any Meeting, a certificate in the English language 
issued by a Principal Paying Agent and dated in which it is stated:
(a)
that certain specified Notes (the "deposited Notes") have been deposited with such 
Principal Paying Agent (or to its order at a bank or other depositary) or blocked in an 
account with a clearing system and will not be released until the earlier of:

--- Page 196 ---
196
(i)
the conclusion of the Meeting; and
(ii)
the surrender of such certificate to such Principal Paying Agent; and
(b)
that the bearer of such certificate is entitled to attend and vote at the Meeting in 
respect of the deposited Notes;
"Written Resolution" means a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of holders of not 
less than 75 per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes outstanding who for the time being are 
entitled to receive notice of a Meeting in accordance with the provisions of this Provisions for 
the Meetings of Noteholders, whether contained in one document or several documents in the 
same form, each signed by or on behalf of one or more such holders of the Notes;
"24 hours" means a period of 24 hours including all or part of a day upon which banks are 
open for business in both the places where the relevant Meeting is to be held and in each of 
the places where the Paying Agents have their specified offices (disregarding for this purpose 
the day upon which such Meeting is to be held) and such period shall be extended by one 
period or, to the extent necessary, more periods of 24 hours until there is included as aforesaid 
all or part of a day upon which banks are open for business as aforesaid; and
"48 hours" means 2 consecutive periods of 24 hours.
2.
ISSUE OF VOTING CERTIFICATES AND BLOCK VOTING INSTRUCTIONS
The holder of a Note may obtain a Voting Certificate from any Principal Paying Agent or 
require any Principal Paying Agent to issue a Block Voting Instruction by depositing such 
Note with such Principal Paying Agent or arranging for such Note to be (to its satisfaction) 
held to its order or under its control or blocked in an account with a clearing system not later 
than 48 hours before the time fixed for the relevant Meeting. A Voting Certificate or Block 
Voting Instruction shall be valid until the release of the deposited Notes to which it relates. So 
long as a Voting Certificate or Block Voting Instruction is valid, the bearer thereof (in the 
case of a Voting Certificate) or any Proxy named therein (in the case of a Block Voting 
Instruction) shall be deemed to be the holder of the Notes to which it relates for all purposes 
in connection with the Meeting. A Voting Certificate and a Block Voting Instruction cannot 
be outstanding simultaneously in respect of the same Note.
3.
REFERENCES TO DEPOSIT/RELEASE OF NOTES
Where Notes are represented by a Global Note or are held in definitive form within a clearing
system, references to the deposit, or release, of Notes shall be construed in accordance with 
the usual practices (including blocking the relevant account) of such clearing system.
4.
VALIDITY OF BLOCK VOTING INSTRUCTIONS
A Block Voting Instruction shall be valid only if it is deposited at the Specified Office of the 
Fiscal Agent, or at some other place approved by the Fiscal Agent, at least 24 hours before the 
time fixed for the relevant Meeting or the Chairman decides otherwise before the Meeting 
proceeds to business. If the Fiscal Agent requires, a notarised copy of each Block Voting 
Instruction and satisfactory proof of the identity of each Proxy named therein shall be 
produced at the Meeting, but the Fiscal Agent shall not be obliged to investigate the validity 
of any Block Voting Instruction or the authority of any Proxy.
5.
CONVENING OF MEETING

--- Page 197 ---
197
The Issuer may convene a Meeting at any time, and shall be obliged to do so upon the request 
in writing of Noteholders holding not less than 10 (ten) per cent. in nominal amount of the 
Notes for the time being remaining outstanding.
6.
NOTICE
At least 21 days notice (exclusive of the day on which the notice is given and of the day on 
which the relevant Meeting is to be held) specifying the date, time and place of the Meeting 
shall be given to the Noteholders and the Paying Agents (with a copy to the Issuer). The 
notice shall set out the full text of any resolutions to be proposed and shall state that the Notes 
may be deposited with, or to the order of, any Principal Paying Agent for the purpose of 
obtaining Voting Certificates or appointing Proxies not later than 48 hours before the time 
fixed for the Meeting.
7.
CHAIRMAN
An individual (who may, but need not, be a Noteholder) nominated in writing by the Issuer 
may take the chair at any Meeting but, if no such nomination is made or if the individual 
nominated is not present within 15 minutes after the time fixed for the Meeting, those present 
shall elect one of themselves to take the chair failing which, the Issuer may appoint a 
Chairman. The Chairman of an adjourned Meeting need not be the same person as was the 
Chairman of the original Meeting.
8.
QUORUM
The quorum at any Meeting shall be at least two Voters representing or holding not less than 
the Relevant Fraction of the outstanding aggregate principal amount of the Notes; provided, 
however, that, so long as at least the Relevant Fraction of the outstanding aggregate principal 
amount of the Notes is represented by a Global Note, a single Proxy representing the holder 
thereof shall be deemed to be two Voters for the purpose of forming a quorum.
9.
ADJOURNMENT FOR WANT OF QUORUM
If within 15 minutes after the time fixed for any Meeting a quorum is not present, then:
(a)
in the case of a Meeting requested by Noteholders, it shall be dissolved; and
(b)
in the case of any other Meeting, it shall be adjourned for such period (which shall be 
not less than 14 days and not more than 42 days) and to such place as the Chairman 
determines; provided, however, that:
(i)
the Meeting shall be dissolved if the Issuer so decides; and
(ii)
no Meeting may be adjourned more than once for want of a quorum.
10.
ADJOURNED MEETING
The Chairman may, with the consent of (and shall if directed by) any Meeting, adjourn such
Meeting from time to time and from place to place, but no business shall be transacted at any 
adjourned Meeting except business which might lawfully have been transacted at the Meeting 
from which the adjournment took place.
11.
NOTICE FOLLOWING ADJOURNMENT

--- Page 198 ---
198
Paragraph 6 (Notice) shall apply to any Meeting which is to be resumed after adjournment for 
want of a quorum save that:
(a)
10 days' notice (exclusive of the day on which the notice is given and of the day on 
which the Meeting is to be resumed) shall be sufficient; and
(b)
the notice shall specifically set out the quorum requirements which will apply when 
the Meeting resumes.
It shall not be necessary to give notice of the resumption of a Meeting which has been 
adjourned for any other reason.
12.
PARTICIPATION
The following may attend and speak at a Meeting:
(a)
Voters;
(b)
representatives of the Issuer and the Fiscal Agent;
(c)
the financial advisers of the Issuer;
(d)
the legal counsel to the Issuer and the Fiscal Agent; and
(e)
any other person approved by the Meeting.
13.
SHOW OF HANDS
14.
Every question submitted to a Meeting shall be considered as a resolution and decided in the 
first instance by a show of hands. Unless a poll is validly demanded before or at the time that 
the result is declared, the Chairman's declaration that on a show of hands a resolution has 
been passed, passed by a particular majority, rejected or rejected by a particular majority shall 
be conclusive, without proof of the number of votes cast for, or against, the resolution.
15.
POLL
A demand for a poll shall be valid if it is made by the Chairman, the Issuer or one or more 
Voters representing or holding not less than one fiftieth of the aggregate principal amount of 
the outstanding Notes. The poll may be taken immediately or after such adjournment as the 
Chairman directs, but any poll demanded on the election of the Chairman or on any question 
of adjournment shall be taken at the Meeting without adjournment. A valid demand for a poll 
shall not prevent the continuation of the relevant Meeting for any other business as the 
Chairman directs.
16.
VOTES
Every Voter shall have:
(a)
on a show of hands, one vote; and
(b)
on a poll, the number of votes obtained by dividing that fraction of the aggregate 
principal amount of the outstanding Note(s) represented or held by them by the 
lowest denomination of the Notes.

--- Page 199 ---
199
In the case of a voting tie the Chairman shall have a casting vote.
Unless the terms of any Block Voting Instruction state otherwise, a Voter shall not be obliged 
to exercise all the votes to which they is entitled or to cast all the votes which they exercise in 
the same way.
17.
VALIDITY OF VOTES BY PROXIES
Any vote by a Proxy in accordance with the relevant Block Voting Instruction shall be valid 
even if such Block Voting Instruction or any instruction pursuant to which it was given has 
been amended or revoked, provided that the Fiscal Agent has not been notified in writing of 
such amendment or revocation by the time which is 48 hours before the time fixed for the
relevant Meeting. Unless revoked, any appointment of a Proxy under a Block Voting 
Instruction in relation to a Meeting shall remain in force in relation to any resumption of such 
Meeting following an adjournment; provided, however, that no such appointment of a Proxy 
in relation to a Meeting originally convened which has been adjourned for want of a quorum 
shall remain in force in relation to such Meeting when it is resumed. Any person appointed to 
vote at such a Meeting must be re-appointed under a Block Voting Instruction Proxy to vote 
at the Meeting when it is resumed.
18.
POWERS
A Meeting shall have power (exercisable by Extraordinary Resolution), without prejudice to 
any other powers conferred on it or any other person:
(a)
to approve any Reserved Matter;
(b)
to approve any proposal by the Issuer for any modification, abrogation, variation or 
compromise of any of the Conditions or any arrangement in respect of the obligations 
of the Issuer under or in respect of the Notes;
(c)
to approve the substitution of any person for the Issuer (or any previous substitute) as 
principal obligor under the Notes;
(d)
to waive any breach or authorise any proposed breach by the Issuer of its obligations 
under or in respect of the Notes or any act or omission which might otherwise 
constitute an event of default under the Notes;
(e)
to authorise the Fiscal Agent or any other person to execute all documents and do all 
things necessary to give effect to any Extraordinary Resolution;
(f)
to give any other authorisation or approval which is required to be given by 
Extraordinary Resolution; and
(g)
to appoint any persons as a committee to represent the interests of the Noteholders 
and to confer upon such committee any powers which the Noteholders could 
themselves exercise by Extraordinary Resolution.
19.
EXTRAORDINARY RESOLUTION BINDS ALL HOLDERS
An Extraordinary Resolution shall be binding upon all Noteholders and holders of Coupons 
and Talons whether or not present at such Meeting and each of the Noteholders shall be 
bound to give effect to it accordingly. Notice of the result of every vote on an Extraordinary 
Resolution shall be given to the Noteholders and the Paying Agents (with a copy to the

--- Page 200 ---
200
Issuer) within 14 days of the conclusion of the Meeting.
20.
MINUTES
Minutes shall be made of all resolutions and proceedings at each Meeting. The Chairman 
shall sign the minutes, which shall be prima facie evidence of the proceedings recorded 
therein. Unless and until the contrary is proved, every such Meeting in respect of the 
proceedings of which minutes have been summarised and signed shall be deemed to have 
been duly convened and held and all resolutions passed or proceedings transacted at it to have 
been duly passed and transacted.
21.
WRITTEN RESOLUTION
A Written Resolution shall take effect as if it were an Extraordinary Resolution.

--- Page 201 ---
201
USE OF PROCEEDS
An amount equivalent to the net proceeds of the sale of each Tranche of Notes will be used by the 
Issuer, as indicated in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement relating to the relevant 
Tranche of Notes, either:
(a) for general funding purposes of the BPS Group; or
(b) to finance or refinance, in whole or in part, Eligible Green Projects and/or Eligible Social
Projects and/or Eligible Sustainable Projects (each as defined below).
According to the definition criteria set out by the International Capital Market Association (ICMA) 
Green Bond Principles (GBP), only Tranches of Notes financing or refinancing Eligible Green 
Projects (above mentioned at (b)) will be denominated Green Bonds.  
According to the definition criteria set out by ICMA Social Bond Principles (SBP), only Tranches of 
Notes financing or refinancing Eligible Social Projects (above mentioned at (b)) will be denominated 
Social Bonds. 
According to the definition criteria set out by ICMA Sustainability Bond Guidelines (SBG), only 
Tranches of Notes financing or refinancing Eligible Sustainable Projects (above mentioned at (b)) will 
be denominated Sustainability Bonds.
In relation to any Eligible Green Projects or Eligible Social Projects or Eligible Sustainable Projects 
the 
Issuer 
will 
make 
available 
under section 
“EMTN 
Programme” 
on its 
website 
(https://istituzionale.popso.it/en/investor-relations/financial-operations) (i) a framework agreement 
(the Framework Agreement), as amended and supplement from time to time, which sets out the 
categories of Eligible Green Projects or Eligible Social Projects or Eligible Sustainable Projects which 
have been identified by the Issuer as part of priority activity sectors within the context of climate 
change mitigation, energy savings and GHG emissions reduction and (ii) a second party opinion 
assessing the alignment of the Framework Agreement with the GBP, SBP and/or SBG (the Second 
Party Opinion). For the avoidance of doubt, any such Framework Agreement or Second Party 
Opinion is not, nor shall be deemed to be, incorporated in and/or form part of this Base Prospectus.
Definitions:
Eligible Green Projects will be defined in accordance with the the broad categorisation of eligibility 
for Green Projects as set out in the GBP or as from time to time otherwise specified in the applicable 
Final Terms or Pricing Supplement.
Eligible Social Projects will be defined in accordance with the the broad categorisation of eligibility 
for Social Projects as set out in the SBP or as from time to time otherwise specified in the applicable 
Final Terms or Pricing Supplement.
Eligible Sustainable Projects will be defined as a combination of both Eligible Green Projects and 
Eligible Social Projects as set out in the SBG or as from time to time otherwise specified in the 
applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement.

--- Page 202 ---
202
THE ISSUER
1.
HISTORY AND DEVELOPMENT OF THE ISSUER 
BPS is the parent company (the Parent Company) of the BPS Group and, inspired by principles of 
small-scale retail lending, provides savings deposit and lending services in various forms, as well as 
private and investment banking, asset management, leasing, bancassurance and consumer credit 
services to its customers. BPS focuses on the territories where its subsidiaries have historically been 
established, with a special focus on providing services to families and small and medium-sized 
businesses and cooperatives.
Within the BPS Group, the Issuer, which is an operating Parent Company performing guidance, 
governance and control functions for the BPS Group, essentially engages in the following business 
operations:

guidance, coordination and control, via its setting of the BPS Group's guidelines, of business 
and financial planning, organisational structure, strategic objectives, administration and 
accounting, credit management policies and human resources management policies. The Issuer 
also performs activities the purpose of which is the management and control of risks deriving 
from the business operations of the BPS Group's companies;

acting as a hub for the coordination and oversight of policies for the management of the 
structural items comprising assets and liabilities, both its own and those of the other companies 
belonging to the BPS Group, with the objectives of optimising available capital, identifying 
transactions and funding structures for the BPS Group, through initiatives on the domestic and 
international markets, as well as oversight of liquidity requirements and related trends; and

providing support, control functions and guidance services for the BPS Group's business 
operations, with a view to facilitating business development and allowing for effective services 
to be provided to customers.
In Italy, the BPS Group, as of 30 June 2021, has a market share of 2,14% based on the number of 
branches, 1,40 % in terms of lending and 1,57% in terms of deposits. 
As at 30 June 2021, the BPS Group’s employees consisted of 3,370 employees.
Company name
The Issuer's legal and commercial name is “Banca Popolare di Sondrio S.c.p.A.”, the commercial 
name in short “Popso”.
Issuer Legal Entity Identifier (“LEI”)
J48C8PCSJVUBR8KCW529
Place of registration of the Issuer and its registration number 
The Issuer is on the Companies Register of Sondrio, Italy, at no. 00053810149. The Issuer is also on 
the Register of Banks held by the Bank of Italy at no. 842.
Date of incorporation and length of life of the Issuer 
The Issuer is a co-operative limited by shares (società cooperativa per azioni) incorporated by deed of 
Giambattista Caimi, Notary public, registered in Sondrio on 6 March 1871 with no. 315.

--- Page 203 ---
203
The duration of the Issuer is set, pursuant to Article 3 of its Articles of Association, up to 31 
December 2050 and may be extended.
Domicile and legal form of the Issuer, legislation under which the Issuer operates, its country of 
incorporation, website address and address and telephone number of its registered office
Banca Popolare di Sondrio is a co-operative limited by shares (società cooperativa per azioni) 
incorporated in Sondrio, Italy and operating under Italian law. The address of the Issuer's registered 
office is Piazza Garibaldi, 16, 23100 Sondrio, Italy, phone +39 (0342)528.111, website address www. 
popso.it.
Credit ratings
As at the date of this Base Prospectus the Issuer has been rated “BB+” (long-term issuer default 
rating) and “B” (short-term issuer default rating) by Fitch, “BBB (low)” (long-term issuer rating) and 
“R-2 (middle)” (short-term issuer rating) by DBRS. 
The Issuer rating assigned by Scope Rating GmbH (Scope) is “BBB-”.
A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to 
suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency.
Sustainability rating
The Issuer has been assigned a sustainability rating equal to “EE” by the independent agency Standard 
Ethics, at the end of an analysis process conducted for the first time in a solicited form.
Proceedings converting BPS into a joint-stock company 
Article 1 of the Decree 3/2015 provides for the reform of cooperative banks (banche popolari). In 
particular, Article 29 of the Consolidated Banking Act was amended to introduce a new paragraph 2 
bis, which states that the total assets of a cooperative bank cannot exceed €8 billion. Additionally, 
new paragraph 2 ter of Article 29 of the Consolidated Banking Act states that, if the total assets of a 
cooperative bank exceed that threshold, the cooperative bank will be required to change its corporate 
form by converting into a joint-stock company. 
In the event of conversion into a joint-stock company, the Decree 3/2015 provided cooperative banks 
the option to amend their by-laws to include a ceiling on voting rights of shareholders at General 
Meetings, provided that the ceiling is not less than 5% of the bank's share capital with voting rights, 
for a maximum period of 24 months from the date of entry into force of the Law N. 33 dated 24 
March 2015. 
The Bank of Italy issued on 9 June 2015 the implementing provisions of Law No. 33 dated 24 March 
2015, including the provisions in relation to the mandatory conversion from a cooperative bank to a 
joint-stock company. Cooperative banks with assets over €8 billion had 18 months (starting from 27 
June 2015, being the date on which the Bank of Italy's implementing provisions entered into force) to 
convert into joint-stock companies. 
In observance of the Decree 3/2015, in July 2015 BPS started the process of conversion to a joint 
stock company. In this respect, on 8 October 2015, the Board of Directors of BPS, following 
consultation with the Board of Auditors, approved the plan of initiatives that were intended to comply 
with the requirement provided under Decree 3/2015 together with, inter alia, a first set of 
amendments to the by-laws aimed at assuring compliance with the regulations in force. An 
extraordinary general meeting was called on 17 December 2016 to examine the proposal of the new

--- Page 204 ---
204
legal status and adaptation of the by-laws of BPS, but the bank was legally unable to hold it. In 
particular, on 15 December 2016, the Chairman of the VIth section of the Italian Council of State 
issued a temporary decree suspending the deadline for the mandatory transformation of cooperative 
banks into joint-stock companies that was fixed by the reform; further, by an injunction issued on 16 
December 2016, the Milan Court prevented the above-mentioned extraordinary meeting from taking 
place.
Those urgent measures were then confirmed by the Milan Court on 10 January 2017 and by the 
Council of State on 12 January 2017. The latter definitively suspended the regulatory deadline for the 
conversion of Italian cooperative banks into joint-stock companies until publication of further 
instructions by the Council of State, once the decision is made by the Constitutional Court on the 
legitimacy of Law No. 33 dated 24 March 2015.
On 21 March 2018, the Constitutional Court declared the constitutional legitimacy of Decree 3/2015, 
whose effects have been suspended by the Council of State. 
Subsequently to the Constitutional Court’s decision, on 28 October 2018 the Council State decided to 
refer the case to the Court of Justice of the European Union for a preliminary ruling, with particular 
reference to the rules imposing mandatory conversion (setting such threshold at Euro 8 billion) and 
allowing the bank to defer or limit, also for an indefinite period, the repayment of the shares of the 
withdrawing shareholders.
Further, Decree Law no. 34 of 30 April 2019, converted into Law no. 58 of 28/6/2019, set 31 
December 2020 as the deadline for conversion into a public limited company. Finally, on 17 July 
2020, the first section of the European Court of Justice ruled that article 63 et seq. TFEU must be 
interpreted as not precluding legislation of a member state that sets an asset threshold on the exercise 
of banking activities by cooperative banks established in that member state as limited liability 
cooperative company above which those banks must be converted into shares limited liabilities 
companies, reduce their assets to below that threshold or be liquidated, provided that that legislation is 
appropriate for securing attainment of the general interest objectives pursued and does not exceed 
what is necessary to attain them, which is a matter for the referring court to ascertain.
Further to the above, the Council of State, in its judgement published on 31 May 2021, found that the 
regulatory provisions implementing Law no. 33 of 24 March 2015 submitted to itself were lawful. In 
particular, the Council of State partly declared inadmissibility and partly rejected the ground for 
appeal presented. In addition, article 27(3-bis) of Law no. 120 of 11 September 2020 (conversion with 
amendments of Law Decree no. 76 of 16 July 2020 on urgent measures for simplification and digital 
innovation) extended by one year, i.e. until 31 December 2021, the deadline for the transformation 
into a joint-stock company of cooperative banks exceeding the threshold of EUR 8 billion in assets.
Banca Popolare di Sondrio, in the light of the legal framework thus defined, will carry out the 
necessary fulfilments, in compliance with the provisions of the law and within the terms established 
therein. In this respect, on 5 August 2021 the Board of Directors approved the draft of the Articles of
Association aimed at transforming the Bank into a joint stock company, which will be
submitted to the Supervisory Authority.
2.
BUSINESS OVERVIEW
A brief description of the Issuer's principal activities and principal categories of products sold 
and/or services provided
BPS engages in traditional retail banking services in the territories covered and offers related financial 
services to private individuals, businesses and institutions. As regards private individuals and 
businesses, the bank offers products and services in the following areas:

--- Page 205 ---
205

    products and services for families: in particular, bank accounts, mortgages, consumer credit, 
loans, payment instruments (credit and debit cards), insurance and pension products and on-line 
services;

    savings/investment products and insurance: such as the offer of bonds, managed savings, life 
insurance and other investment instruments; 

    products and services for internationalisation: the bank supports companies which operate with 
foreign counterparties, offering a broad range of support services, both for its traditional 
commercial banking segment, and for more value-added products and services, such as 
products and services related to commercial exchanges with foreign counterparties or derivative 
products for the hedging of corporate risks; and 

    home banking, remote banking, POS, mobile products and services.
Asset management
In the context of asset management, the bank offers both traditional and innovative investment 
solutions to private individuals, businesses and institutional investors. The range of services includes, 
among other things, portfolio advisory services, wealth management services, which are provided by 
a qualified and experienced team of specialised professionals within the bank, derivatives trading and 
trading of structured products.
For asset management through mutual investment funds, the BPS Group has been party to trade 
agreements with Arca Fondi SGR S.p.A. since 1983. The BPS Group has also entered into trade 
agreements with Etica SGR S.p.A., which establishes and promotes exclusively socially responsible 
mutual investments in which the selection of assets is carried out on the basis of criteria of social and 
environmental responsibility.
In addition to the above, in 1999 the Swiss subsidiary Banca Popolare di Sondrio (SUISSE) founded 
Popso (Suisse) Investment Fund SICAV, a mutual investment fund organised under Luxembourg law 
with multiple sub-funds. Each sub-fund has its own pool of assets and liabilities and follows its own 
distinct investment strategy. Each sub-fund is therefore represented by one or more separate share 
classes. Investors currently have a choice of 13 sub-funds.
Bancassurance and supplementary pensions schemes
In the context of bancassurance, the bank operates in the life insurance segment via a partnership with 
Arca Vita and the Irish company Arca Vita International. In the non-life segment, Arca 
Assicurazioni's products are offered. The insurance solutions offered are aimed principally at private 
individuals and small/medium-sized businesses to meet such clients' insurance requirements as 
regards protecting their health, family and home. The bank offers a private pension scheme for those 
who intend to benefit from a complementary pension through the open-end pension fund Arca 
Previdenza of Arca Fondi SGR.
Factoring
The bank offers its customers factoring products through its subsidiary Factorit S.p.A., which 
provides a complete range of solutions for the factoring of trade receivables: pro solvendo (with 
recourse) factoring, pro soluto (non-recourse) financial factoring without notification, pro soluto
(non-recourse) factoring with notification, pro soluto (non-recourse) non-financial factoring without 
notification, maturity factoring and payment on a certain date, export factoring, import factoring, as 
well as financing products, transfers of future receivables and “indirect factoring”.

--- Page 206 ---
206
Leasing
The bank’s leasing operations are conducted on the basis of trade agreements with Alba Leasing 
S.p.A., which offers real estate leasing and asset leasing, including auto, aircraft, ship and railway 
leasing services. Alba Leasing also operates in the renewables energy, nautical and public 
administration sectors.
During 2018, the bank, together with two important automotive partners, setup a car renting company 
to offer to its retail and business customers. Rent2go is able to make offers on every brand and model 
of vehicles, including commercial ones up to 35 quintals. 
Corporate Banking
BPS offers corporate clients a range of high value-added financial products and services in the 
following macro-areas: corporate lending, structured finance and related services (such as 
certifications of economic-financial plans for project financing, acquisition financing and hedging), 
corporate finance (advisory services for extraordinary financial transactions and for corporate 
restructurings for succession planning purposes and private equity searches for companies interested 
in risk capital opportunities) and capital markets (only with respect to the structuring of mini-bond 
issues).
Other Services
Complementing the range of directly offered services, BPS has entered into distribution agreements 
with Compass Banca S.p.A. (Gruppo Mediobanca) for the offering of personal loans. The bank also
offers  its customers loan products through its subsidiary Banca della Nuova Terra S.p.A. in particular 
in support of the agriculture and agri-food sectors. Moreover, Banca della Nuova Terra offers retail 
customers particular loans which are reimbursable by the assignment of one fifth of the customer’s 
salary or pension and delegation of payment.
ORGANISATIONAL STRUCTURE 
Brief description of the BPS Group of which the Issuer is part and of the Issuer's position within 
the BPS Group 
As of the date of the Base Prospectus, the BPS Group comprises the companies listed below.
The amounts of the share capital of the Group companies reported below is based on the consolidated 
annual report on the Issuer’s operations attached to the audited consolidated financial statements at 31 
December 2020.
Parent Company:

Banca Popolare di Sondrio S.C.p.A. — Sondrio
Companies belonging to the BPS Group:

Banca Popolare di Sondrio (SUISSE) SA – Lugano, Switzerland.
The Parent Company holds the entire share capital of 180,000,000 Swiss Francs.

Factorit S.p.A. — Milan.
The Parent Company holds 60.5% of the share capital of Euro 85,000,002.

--- Page 207 ---
207

Sinergia Seconda S.r.l. — Milan.
The Parent Company holds the entire corporate capital of Euro 60,000,000.

Banca della Nuova Terra S.p.A. — Sondrio.
The Parent Company holds the entire corporate capital of Euro 31,315,321.

POPSO Covered Bond S.r.l. – Conegliano (TV).
The Parent Company holds 60% of the corporate capital of Euro 10,000.

Other subsidiary Companies:

Pirovano Stelvio S.p.A. — Sondrio.
The Parent Company holds the entire share capital of Euro 2,064,000.

Rajna Immobiliare S.r.l., — Sondrio
The Parent Company holds 50% (joint control) of the corporate capital of Euro 20,000.

Servizi Internazionali e Strutture Integrate 2000 S.r.l. – Milan
The Parent Company holds 100% of the corporate capital of Euro 75,000.

Rent2GO S.r.l. – Bolzano 33.33% of the corporate capital of Euro 12,050,000.
Disclosure in respect of business segments 
The disclosure in respect of business segments is prepared in accordance with the provisions of IFRS8 
and the following segments are identified:

enterprises: this segment includes “non-financial companies” and “family businesses”; this 
relates to credit and loans, endorsement loans, deposits, leasing and payment services. 
Revenues from currency transactions with resident and non-resident customers are also 
significant;

private parties and other customers: this segment includes "consumer families", "public 
administrations", "financial companies", "non-profit institutions"; the BPS Group includes 
results deriving from standard business transactions with this category of customers which are 
attributable to savings, medium/long-term loans and consumer loans, collections and payments, 
issuance of debit and credit cards and collateral residual functions; 

securities: this segment includes results from transactions with customers related to the trading 
of securities as a direct counterparty, the acceptance of orders, the placement of financial 
instruments and insurance and pension products, and management of securities portfolios;

central structure: for this segment, the BPS Group presents the results derived from the 
management of its portfolio of owned securities and shareholdings, exchange transactions 
entered into on its own account, and the exercise of treasury functions. In addition, it includes 
certain residual activities not classified elsewhere since the revenues earned are not significant.
As of 30 June 2021, the BPS Group had a total of 370 branches.

--- Page 208 ---
208
In Italy, the BPS Group operates through the Parent Company's distribution network.
The principal territories where the BPS Group operates are Lombardia, Piemonte, Val d'Aosta, 
Liguria, Veneto, Trentino Alto Adige ed Emilia Romagna and in the area of Rome, as well as online
internet banking within the same territories.
Distribution of the BPS Group's branches as of 30 June 2021:
No. of branches
%
BPS
350
94.59
Banca Popolare di Sondrio (SUISSE)
20
5.41
Total
370
100
As regards the Issuer, the branches are organised into 14 territorial areas on the basis of criteria of 
geographical consistency. Each branch has operating autonomy and, as a rule, accounting autonomy. 
The coordination of the business operations of the branches within each area is entrusted to a 
coordinator, to whom the managers of the area branches report. In order to better serve high-level 
customers, the bank has established its own network of financial brokers, who support the branches, 
coordinated by the financial promotion office of the central headquarters. The network of brokers 
comprises 66 professionals who, for all intents and purposes, are included within the bank's 
organisational structure as employees. In the context of the offer of electronic multi-channel products 
and services aimed at private individuals, businesses and institutions, BPS also operates through the 
following channels: home banking, trading online, mobile, remote banking and ATM. The structure 
includes the “Virtual Unit”, an operating structure that manages relationships with customers who are 
resident in areas not served by traditional branches through online channels. The customers of the 
Virtual Unit are mainly professionals to whom dedicated products are offered.
At the international level, the BPS Group is represented by branches in Switzerland and in the 
Principality of Monaco (BPS (Suisse)) and with a representative office in Shanghai (Sintesi 2000 Srl).
Brief description of the BPS Group of which the Issuer is the Parent Company
As of the date of the Base Prospectus, the structure of the BPS Group comprises the companies listed 
below.
The amounts of the share capital of the Group companies reported below is based on the consolidated 
annual report on the Issuer’s operations attached to the audited consolidated financial statements at 31 
December 2020. The fully consolidated shareholdings are:
Name 
Head Office
Share capital (in 
thousands)
% held
Banca Popolare di 
Sondrio (SUISSE) SA
Lugano
(CHF) 180,000
100

--- Page 209 ---
209
Factorit S.p.A.
Milan
85,000
60.5
Sinergia Seconda 
S.r.l.
Milan
60,000
100
Banca della Nuova 
Terra S.p.A.
Sondrio
31,315
100
Pirovano Stelvio 
S.p.A.*
Sondrio
2,064
100
Servizi Internazionali 
e Strutture Integrate 
2000 S.R.L. *
Milan
75
100
Immobiliare San 
Paolo S.r.l.*
Tirano
10**
100
Immobiliare Borgo 
Palazzo S.r.l.*
Tirano
10**
100
Popso Covered Bond 
S.r.l.
Conegliano
10
60
* equity investments not included in the banking group
** held by Sinergia Seconda S.r.l.
Other companies included in the scope of consolidation:
Name 
Head Office
Share capital (in 
thousands)
%held
Alba Leasing S.p.A.
Milan
357,953
19.264
Arca Vita S.p.A.
Verona
208,279
14.837
Arca Holding S.p.A.
Milan
50,000
34.715
Unione Fiduciaria 
S.p.A.
Milan
5,940
24.000
Polis Fondi Sgrpa
Milan
5,200
19.600
Sofipo SA*
Lugano
(CHF) 2,000
30.000
Bormio Golf S.p.A.
Bormio
317
25.237
Lago di Como gal 
Scrl
Canzo
22
28.953
Acquedotto dello 
Stelvio Srl **
Bormio
21
27.000

--- Page 210 ---
210
Sifas S.p.A. **
Bolzano
1,209
21.614
Rent2Go Srl
Bolzano
12,050
33.333
Rajna Immobiliare 
S.r.l.
Sondrio
20
50.000
* held by Banca Popolare di Sondrio (SUISSE) SA
** held by Pirovano Stelvio S.p.A.

--- Page 211 ---
211
BANCA POPOLARE DI SONDRIO GROUP
25.2%
19.6%
19.3%
14.8%
24%
100%
60.5%
100%
100%
21.6%
27.0%
100%
100%
60%
Arca Holding S.p.A.
29%
34.7%
Bormio Golf S.p.A.
100%
Factorit 
S.p.A.
POPSO
Covered Bond
S.r.l.
BNT Banca  S.p.A.
100%
Rent2Go S.r.l
Rajna Immobiliare S.r.l
33.3%
50.0%
Banca Popolare di Sondrio 
S.C.p.A. 
Banca Popolare di 
Sondrio (Suisse) SA
Sinergia Seconda 
S.r.l.
Immobiliare 
San Paolo S.r.l.
Immobiliare 
Borgo 
Palazzo S.r.l.
Pirovano Stelvio
S.p.A.
Acquedotto 
dello Stelvio 
S.r.l.
Sifas S.p.A.
Unione Fiduciaria S.p.A.
Lago di Como GAL 
S.C.R.L
Alba Leasing S.p.A.
Polis Fondi Immobiliari di 
Banche Popolari 
S.G.R.p.A.
Servizi Internazionali e 
Strutture Integrate 
2000 S.r.l.
Arca Vita S.p.A.
Sofipo SA
30.0%
Cossi S.p.A.
18.3%
Banking group
Related companies
Controlled companies not in 
the banking group
Related/Indirectly controlled 
companies

--- Page 212 ---
212
3.
DIRECTORS, SENIOR MANAGERS AND MEMBERS OF THE SUPERVISORY 
BODIES 
BPS has adopted a traditional governance system consisting of a Board of Directors comprising 15 
Directors and a Board of Auditors comprising 3 Auditors and 2 Alternate Auditors.
The Board of Directors has established among its members the Executive Committee (“Comitato 
esecutivo”), the Related Parties Committee (“Comitato operazioni con parti correlate”), the 
Remuneration Committee (“Comitato remunerazione”), the Audit and Risk Committee (“Comitato 
controllo e rischi”) and the Appointments Committee (“Comitato nomine”).
Members of the administrative, management and supervisory bodies 
The list of members of the administrative, management and supervisory bodies of the Issuer as at the 
date of this Base Prospectus and the offices held in other companies are set out below.
Board of Directors
NAME AND 
SURNAME
OFFICE HELD IN 
BPS
PRINCIPAL OFFICES HELD IN OTHER 
COMPANIES
Francesco Venosta 
** 
Chairperson 

Unione Fiduciaria S.p.A. (Deputy 
Chairperson);

Banca della Nuova Terra S.p.A. 
(Chairperson of the Board of Directors);

Istituto della Enciclopedia Italiana Fondata 
da Giovanni Treccani S.p.A. (Director);

Fondo Interbancario di Tutela dei Depositi 
(Director).
Lino Enrico 
Stoppani ***
Deputy 
Chairperson 

Factorit S.p.A. (Director);

Immobiliare Borgo Palazzo S.r.l. (Sole 
Director);

Immobiliare San Paolo S.r.l. (Sole 
Director); 

Pirovano Stelvio S.p.A. (Director);

Sinergia Seconda S.r.l. (Sole Director);

FIPE Federazione Italiana Pubblici Esercizi 
(Chairperson of the Board of Directors);

Confcommercio Imprese per l’Italia (Vicary 
Deputy Chairperson);

EPAM Associazione Pubblici Esercizi di 
Milano e Provincia (Chairperson of the

--- Page 213 ---
213
Board of Directors ).
Mario Alberto 
Pedranzini ***
Chief Executive 
Officer and 
Managing Director

Factorit S.p.A. (Deputy Chairperson);

Banca Popolare di Sondrio (SUISSE) SA 
(Chairperson of the Board of Directors);

Banca della Nuova Terra S.p.A. (Director);

IEO Istituto Europeo di Oncologia 
(Director);

Associazione Bancaria Italiana (Director);

Associazione Nazionale fra le Banche 
Popolari (Deputy Chairperson).
Alessandro Carretta 
***
Director

Associazione Italiana per il Factoring 
(General Secretary).
Cecilia Corradini 
***
Director

N/A.
Loretta Credaro ***
Director

Vela Assicurazioni S.r.l. (Chairperson of 
the Board of Directors);

Sondrio Servizi al Terziario S.r.l. 
(Chairperson of the Board of Directors);

Confcommercio (National Director);

Unione Commercio, Turismo e Servizi della 
provincia di Sondrio (Chairperson of the 
Board of Directors);

C.C.I.A.A. Sondrio (Chairperson of the 
Board of Directors).
Paolo Biglioli ***
Director

N/A.
Donatella Depperu 
***
Director

N/A.
Federico Falck**
Director

Falck Renewables S.p.A. (Director);

Falck S.p.A. (Director).
Cristina Galbusera 
**
Director

Esprinet S.p.A. (Director).
Adriano Propersi 
***
Director

Kiron Partner S.p.A. (Chairperson of the 
Board of Auditors);

Tecnomedia S.r.l. (Chairperson of the

--- Page 214 ---
214
Board of Auditors);

Tecnocasa Franchising S.p.A. (Chairperson 
of the Board of Auditors);

La Ducale S.p.A. (Chairperson of the Board 
of Auditors);

Tag S.p.A. (Chairperson of the Board of
Auditors);

Accademia S.p.A. (Chairperson of the 
Board of Auditors);

SC Sviluppo Chimica S.p.A. (Chairperson 
of the Board of Auditors);

Centro Reach Srl (Chairperson of the Board 
of Auditors);

Certiquality S.r.l. (Chairperson of the Board 
of Auditors);

Saipem Offshore Construction S.p.A. 
(Auditor);

Feem Servizi S.r.l. (Sole auditor).
Annalisa Rainoldi 
***
Director

Rainoldi Mac S.r.l. (Chairperson of the 
Board of Directors);

Rainoldi Legnami S.r.l. (Director).
Serenella Rossi **
Director

Edison S.p.A. (Chairperson of the Board of 
Auditors).
Domenico Triacca**
Director

N/A.
*These Directors shall be in office until the approval of the Annual Report for the year 2021.
**These Directors shall be in office until the approval of the Annual Report for the year 2022.
***These Directors shall be in office until the approval of the Annual Report for the year 2023.
Board of Auditors*
NAME AND 
SURNAME
OFFICE HELD IN BPS
PRINCIPAL OFFICES HELD IN OTHER
COMPANIES
Serenella Rossano
Chairperson of the Board 
of Auditors

Sind International S.p.A. (Auditor);

Augusto S.p.A. (Chairperson of the Board

--- Page 215 ---
215
of Directors);

Balma, Capoduri & C. S.p.A. 
(Chairperson of the Board of 
Auditors)
Laura Vitali
Auditor

Musixmach S.p.A. (Auditors);

Club Acceleratori S.p.A. (Auditor);

Servizi Ecologici Ambientali S.r.L. 
(Auditor).
Massimo De 
Buglio
Auditor

Cossi Costruzioni S.p.A. (Auditor);

Autotorino S.p.A. (Chairperson of the 
Board of Auditors);

Angel Capital Management S.p.A. 
(Auditor);

Immobiliare Diana S.p.A. (Chairperson of 
the Board of Auditors).
Paolo Vido
Alternate Auditor

Pirovano Stelvio S.p.A. (Auditor);

Banca della Nuova Terra S.p.A.
Alessandro 
Mellarini
Alternate Auditor

Eredi Baitelli S.p.A. (Auditor);

Europrogramme Fiduciaria S.p.A. 
(Auditor);

Scania Commerciale S.p.A. (Auditor);

Italscania S.p.A. (Auditor);

Scania Milano S.p.A. (Auditor);

S.i. mira.re S.r.l. (Single auditor);

Zodiaco 2005 S.r.l. (Sole director);

Property Service S.r.l. (Sole director);

Fidelconsult S.r.l. (Sole director);

Besta S.r.l. (Chairman of the Board of 
Directors);

Studio Mellarini & Associati (Chairman 
of the Board of Directors);

Studio Zanguio & Associati (Director);

--- Page 216 ---
216

Odorizzi Soluzioni in Pietra S.r.l. 
(Director);

Gambarotta Gschwendt S.r.l. (Director);

Armenta S.r.l. (Director).
All members of the Board of Directors and of the Board of Auditors meet the integrity and 
professional requirements provided for by the legislation and regulations currently in force. 
All members of the Board of Auditors are on the Register of Auditors.
General Management 
NAME AND 
SURNAME
OFFICE HELD IN 
BPS
PRINCIPAL OFFICES HELD IN OTHER 
COMPANIES
Giovanni Ruffini
Deputy Vicar General 
Manager

Banca Popolare di Sondrio (SUISSE) SA 
(Director);

Unione Fiduciaria S.p.A. (Director).
Mario Erba
Deputy General 
Manager and CCO

Arca Vita S.p.A. (Director);

Arca Holding S.p.A. (Director);

Servizi Internazionali e Strutture Integrate 
2000 S.r.l. (Chairperson of the Board of 
Directors).
The business address of each member of the Board of Directors, Board of Auditors and General 
Management is Banca Popolare di Sondrio S.c.p.A., Piazza Garibaldi, 16, 23100 Sondrio, Italy.
Conflicts of interests of the administration, management and control bodies 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, and to the Parent Company's knowledge – including upon 
examination as required under article 36 of Law Decree No. 201 of 6 December 2011, as converted 
into Law No. 214 of 22 December 2011 – no member of the Board of Auditors, the Board of
Directors or the general management of the Parent Company is subject to potential conflicts of 
interest between their obligations arising out of their office or employment with the Parent Company 
or the BPS Group and any personal or other interests, except for those that may concern transactions 
put before the competent bodies of the Parent Company and or/entities belonging to the BPS Group, 
such transactions having been undertaken in compliance with the relevant regulations in force. Also in 
the latter case, as at the date of this Base Prospectus there are no conflicts of interests.
The members of the administrative, management and control bodies of the Parent Company are 
required to implement the following provisions governing circumstances in which there exists a 
specific interest concerning the implementation of a transaction:

Article 53 (Supervisory regulations) of the Consolidated Banking Act and the relevant 
implementing regulations issued by the Bank of Italy, with particular reference to the

--- Page 217 ---
217
supervisory regulations relating to transactions with related parties;

Article 136 (Duties of banking officers) of the Consolidated Banking Act which requires the 
adoption of a particular authorisation procedure where an officer, directly or indirectly, assumes 
obligations towards the bank in which such officer has an administrative, management or 
control function;

Article 2391 ('Directors' interests) of the Italian Civil Code; and

Article 2391-bis (Transactions with related parties) of the Italian Civil Code and the relevant 
implementing regulations issued by the CONSOB.
The Issuer and its corporate bodies have adopted internal measures and procedures to guarantee 
compliance with the above-mentioned provisions.
4.
MAJOR SHAREHOLDERS. 
Entities controlling the Issuer
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, according to the public information currently available to the 
Issuer, the following entities hold directly or indirectly significant stakes in the capital of Banca 
Popolare di Sondrio:

UnipolSai Assicurazioni S.p.A. 9.512%.; and

Amber Capital UK LLP  3.004%.
No person or entity directly or indirectly controls the Issuer, as it is a cooperative bank in the context 
of which each member expresses only one vote at the meeting, regardless of the ownership of shares. 
No arrangements, the operation of which may at a subsequent time result in a change in control of the 
Issuer, are known to the same Issuer.
5.
TLTRO FUNDING
As of 30 June 2021, the Issuers has four operations outstanding with the ECB (all TLTRO III): the 
first performed in December 2019, the second in March 2020, the third in June 2020 and last in March 
2021 for a total of € 8.9 billion. The first one amounts to € 1.6 billion which expires on December 
2022, the second amounts to € 2,1 billion which expires on March 2023, the third amounts to € 4,4 
billion which expires on June 2023 and the last amount to € 0,8 billion which expires on March 2024. 
The first three operations can be repaid early using quarterly windows starting from September 2021, 
the last one starting from March 2022 as indicated by the new rules introduced on March 2020 
following the crisis due to COVID-19.
6.
ASSET QUALITY
Loans and Receivables with Customers – Impaired And Performing Loans
(in thousands of euro)                         30-06-2021            31-12-2020              31-12-2019
Impaired loans
Gross exposure
2,264,578
2,292,319
3,732,063
Adjustments
1,245,488
1,200,209
2,158,087
Net exposure
1,019,090
1,092,110
1,573,976

--- Page 218 ---
218
Non-
performing 
loans
Gross exposure
1,085,980
1,078,268
2,264,503
Adjustments
769,799
732,456
1,596,444
Net exposure
316,181
345,812
668,059
Unlikely to pay 
loans
Gross exposure
1,104,699
1,154,066
1,401,400
Adjustments
466,649
459,409
552,225
Net exposure
638,050
694,657
849,175
Past 
due 
and/or 
impaired 
overdrawn 
exposures
Gross exposure
73,899
59,984
66,160
Adjustments
9,040
8,343
9,417
Net exposure
64,859
51,641
56,742
Performing 
loans
Gross exposure
30,192,070
28,483,492
25,937,25
2
Adjustments
165,029
195,877
123,831
Net exposure
30,027,041
28,287,615
25,813,42
1
Total loans and 
receivables 
with customers
Gross exposure
32,456,648
30,775,811
29,669,31
5
Adjustments
1,410,517
1,396,087
2,281,918
Net exposure
31,046,131
29,379,724
27,387,39
7
7.
REGULATORY CAPITAL
As at 30 June 2021, the BPS Group’s capital ratios were as follows: Common Equity Tier 1 ratio of 
16.71 per cent. (phased-in), Tier 1 ratio of 16.75 per cent (phased-in) and a Total Capital ratio of 
18.66 per cent. (phased-in). 
On a fully loaded basis as of 30 June 2021, BPS Group’s capital ratios were as follows: Common 
Equity Tier 1 ratio of 16.62 per cent., Tier 1 ratio of 16.67 per cent. and a Total Capital ratio of 18.58 
per cent.
By means of a communication of 8 April 2020, the ECB, in view of the COVID-19 emergency, 
provided - with effect from 12 March 2020 - that the minimum CET1 requirement for the BPS Group 
for 2020 is 8.69 per cent., the minimum Tier 1 Capital Ratio requirement is 10.75 per cent., while the 
total capital ratio remained unchanged at 13.50 per cent. In accordance with a subsequent 
communication received from the ECB, the same requirements also apply for 2021.
With regard to the 2020 SREP process, the ECB, taking into account the COVID-19 contingency, has 
informed that, as a general rule, no SREP decisions will be issued during the 2020 financial year; 
therefore, the additional capital levels determined as result of the outcome of the SREP procedures 
concluded during 2019 will continue to apply.

--- Page 219 ---
219
BPS' Group has been subject to the 2021 stress test conducted by the ECB, which – as in the past –
was conducted under the assumption of a static balance sheet at 31 December 2020 without taking 
into account corporate strategies and/or future management initiatives. According to the press release 
issued by BPS on 30 July 2021, BPS’ Group did not reveal any criticality and the stress test exercise 
confirmed the BPS’ Group’s capital strength both in the baseline and in the adverse scenario. At the 
end of 2023, the CET1 ratio would increase to 17.39% from 16.20%.
8.
LEGAL AND ARBITRATION PROCEEDINGS
BPS and the companies belonging to the BPS Group are subject to a number of court, legal and 
administrative proceedings related to the conduct of their core business operations. Set forth below is 
a brief description of the legal proceedings pending against the Issuer and the other companies 
belonging to the BPS Group which are considered the most important in the Issuer's opinion.
Legal proceedings initiated against the Issuer
As of the date of the Base Prospectus, the legal proceedings pending against the Issuer and the 
companies belonging to the BPS Group are, in the Issuer's opinion, to be considered ordinary in 
nature when taking into account the business operations involved, the size of the BPS Group and the 
risks inherent in the provision of banking and investment services. In any case, there remains the risk 
that the Issuer and its subsidiaries may incur losses in connection with the proceedings currently 
pending, including those concerning the matter of compound interest/usury, as described in further 
detail below. 
In line with the likelihood of losses of this type and with applicable accounting standards in force, as 
of 30 June 2021 the Issuer has set aside a prudential reserve which it considers adequate to cover risks 
related to pending lawsuits, including the tax proceedings, of Euro 19.075 million.
Litigation on the matter of compound interest/usury
As of the date of the Base Prospectus, the total number of lawsuits pending against the BPS Group on 
the matter of compound interest remains at levels considered ordinary by the Issuer and the related 
risk is, in any case, covered by the prudential reserves set aside for risks and costs. As of  30 June 
2021, the Issuer set aside prudential reserves covering risks related to compound interest and usury of 
Euro 2.960 million, to cover a small number of disputes. For some of these claims, the claimants did 
not define the petitum (amount of the claims), asking the court to determine it. The petitum (amount of 
the claims) already identified and requested for the two types (usury and compound interest), amounts
to Euro 12.641 million.
Legal proceedings pending with the Tax Authorities
A lawsuit is pending with the Tax Authority in connection with the company Immobiliare Borgo 
Palazzo S.r.l (Immobiliare Borgo Palazzo) following a claim of “non-operating status” raised further 
to an assessment. Immobiliare Borgo Palazzo is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Sinergia Seconda S.r.l., 
which is a subsidiary of the Issuer. The courts of first and second instance rejected the Tax Authority's 
claims and the latter filed an appeal before the Supreme Court. The Supreme Court has referred the 
dispute back to the court of second instance for the decision. Immobiliare Borgo Palazzo claim of 
“non-operating status” is currently pending at the the Supreme Court following a sentence by the 
court of second instance that was unfavourable to the company. No allowances have been set aside 
given the positive results already achieved in the proceedings at first and second instance.
9.
MATERIAL CONTRACTS 
At the date of the Base Prospectus, the Issuer and the BPS Group companies have not implemented,

--- Page 220 ---
220
signed and/or planned material contracts other than those entered into in the normal course of their 
typical activities that could affect the Issuer's ability to meet its obligations to the Noteholders.
10.
RECENT DEVELOPMENTS
On 8 April 2021, the Administration submitted a proposal to the ordinary Members' Meeting of 10/11 
May 2021 regarding authorization to the Board of Directors for the purchase and sale of treasury 
shares pursuant to art. 21 of the articles of association and authorization to use the treasury shares 
already in charge for the remuneration plan in implementation of the remuneration policies. On 5 
August 2021 the Board of Directors approved the draft of the Articles of Association aimed at
transforming 
the 
Bank 
into 
a 
joint 
stock 
company, 
which 
will 
be
submitted to the Supervisory Authority.
11.
CERTAIN REGULATORY ASPECTS RELATING TO THE ISSUER
Banking Resolution under the EU Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive (BRRD)
The Issuer as a bank is subject to the Directive 2014/59/EU, which is the so-called Bank Recovery 
and Resolution Directive (“BRRD”), as implemented in the Italian legal framework. 
In particular, the BRRD has been implemented in Italy through the adoption of two Legislative 
Decrees by the Italian Government, namely, Legislative Decrees No. 180/2015 and 181/2015 
(together, the “BRRD Decrees”), both of which were published in the Italian Official Gazette on 16 
November 2015.
According to these provisions of law and in summary, in the event that the following conditions are 
met, the relevant bank shall be put under resolution: (i) the resolution Authority (in Italy, the Bank of 
Italy, acting in accordance with decisions taken by the EU resolution authority, the Single Resolution 
Board) has determined, after consultation with the competent authority and vice versa, as applicable, 
that the bank is failing or is likely to fail; (ii) there is no reasonable prospect that any alternative 
private sector measures would prevent the failure of the institution within a reasonable timeframe; and 
(iii) a resolution action is necessary in the public interest (that is, it is necessary for the achievement of 
and is proportionate to one or more of the resolution objectives referred to in Article 31 of the BRRD 
and winding up of the bank under normal insolvency proceedings would not meet those resolution 
objectives to the same extent). In this context, an institution is considered as failing or likely to fail, 
alternatively, when: (a) it is, or is likely in the near future to be, in breach of requirements necessary 
to maintain its authorization to carry out banking activities, including but not limited to because the 
institution has incurred or is likely to incur losses that will deplete all or a significant amount of its 
own funds; (b) its assets are, or are likely in the near future to be, less than its liabilities; (c) it is, or is 
likely in the near future to be, unable to pay its debts or other liabilities as they fall due; or (d) it 
requires extraordinary public financial support in order to recover (except in limited circumstances).
Upon the opening of a resolution procedure, the resolution authorities are entrusted with the power to
apply, on a stand-alone basis or in combination, the following tools: 

the sale of business, through which the resolution authority may transfer to a purchaser, on 
commercial terms (except for the case in which the application of commercial terms may affect 
the effectiveness of the sale or other instruments of ownership issued by the business tool or 
impose a material threat to financial stability): (a) the shares of the bank under resolution; and 
(b) all or any assets, rights and liabilities of the latter; 

incorporation of a so-called “bridge institution”, through which the resolution authority may

--- Page 221 ---
221
transfer to the bridge institution (an entity created for this purpose that is wholly owned by one 
or more public authorities and is controlled by the resolution authority): (a) the shares or other 
instruments of ownership issued by the bank under resolution and (b) all or any assets, rights 
and liabilities of the latter;; 

the asset separation, through which the resolution authority may transfer assets, rights or 
liabilities of a bank or of a bridge institution (e.g., impaired assets, such as non-performing 
exposures) to one or more asset management vehicles (an entity created for this purpose that is 
wholly or partially owned by one or more public authorities and is controlled by the resolution 
authority) with a view to maximizing their value through the sale or orderly winding down; and

bail-in, through which the resolution Authority may, jointly or severally, (a) write-down the 
bank’s Common Equity Tier 1 (“CET1”), Additional Tier 1 (“AT1”) and Tier 2 (“T2”) 
instruments; (b) write-down the eligible liabilities, including bonds (with certain exceptions); 
(c) convert eligible liabilities into equity (shares or other instrument of ownership).
As to the application of bail-in, the resolution Authority must take into account the ranking of the 
bank’s creditors according to the ordinary insolvency procedures, as the BRRD (and the 
corresponding Italian implementing rules) stipulates that, under resolution, no creditor may incur 
losses greater than they would have incurred under normal insolvency proceedings (the so called “no 
creditor worse off” principle).
Thus, in general terms, the ranking of the persons which may be subject to bail-in – from the lowest to 
the highest – is the following: 

holders of Common Equity Tier 1 instruments;

holders of Additional Tier 1 instruments; 

holders of Tier 2 instruments, including subordinated notes;

holders of senior non-preferred notes; 

holders of senior notes; 

depositors qualifying as large firms; and

depositors qualifying as natural persons or SMEs. 
The deposits within 100,000 Euros are protected by the Italian Deposit Guarantee Schemes.
The non-preferred senior notes (notes intending to qualify as strumenti di debito chirografario di 
secondo livello of the Issuer, as defined under Article 12-bis of the Italian Consolidated Banking Act) 
are a new category of instrument introduced in Italy by the Italian Law No. 205/2017, implementing 
Directive (EU) 2017/2399. They constitute direct, unconditional, unsecured and non-preferred 
obligations, ranking junior to senior notes (or equivalent instruments), pari passu without any 
preferences among themselves, and in priority to any subordinated instruments and to the claims of 
shareholders of the Issuer, pursuant to Article 91, section 1-bis, letter c-bis of the Italian Consolidated 
Banking Act.
Without prejudice to the above, the resolution authority may, in specified exceptional circumstances, 
partially or fully exclude certain further liabilities from the application of the bail-in tool (the 
“General Bail-In Tool”).

--- Page 222 ---
222
The BRRD also provides for a Member State as a last resort, after having assessed and applied the 
above resolution tools (including the General Bail-In Tool) to the maximum extent practicable whilst 
maintaining financial stability and subject to certain other conditions, to be able to provide 
extraordinary public financial support through additional financial stabilization tools. These consist of 
the public equity support and temporary public ownership tools. Any such extraordinary financial 
support must be provided in accordance with the burden sharing requirements of the EU state aid 
framework and the BRRD.
As an exemption from these principles, the BRRD allows for three kinds of extraordinary public 
support to be provided to a solvent institution without triggering resolution: 1) a State guarantee to 
back liquidity facilities provided by central banks according to the central banks’ conditions; 2) a 
State guarantee of newly issued liabilities; or 3) an injection of own funds in the form of 
precautionary recapitalisation. In the case of precautionary recapitalisation EU state aid rules require 
that shareholders and junior bond holders contribute to the costs of restructuring.
In addition to the General Bail-In Tool and other resolution tools, the BRRD provides for resolution 
authorities to have the further power to permanently write-down or convert into equity capital 
instruments at the point of non-viability and before any other resolution action is taken with losses
taken in accordance with the priority of claims under normal insolvency proceedings (“BRRD Non-
Viability Loss Absorption”). 
For the purposes of the application of any BRRD Non-Viability Loss Absorption measure, the point 
of non-viability under the BRRD is the point at which (i) the relevant authority determines that the 
relevant entity meets the conditions for resolution (but no resolution action has yet been taken) or (ii) 
the relevant authority or authorities, as the case may be, determine(s) that the a relevant entity or, in 
certain circumstances, its group will no longer be viable unless the relevant capital instruments are 
written-down or converted or (iii) extraordinary public financial support is required by the relevant 
entity other than, where the entity is an institution, for the purposes of remedying a serious 
disturbance in the economy of an EEA member state and to preserve financial stability.
The BRRD also requires institutions to meet at all times a sufficient aggregate amount of own funds 
and “eligible liabilities” expressed as a percentage of the total liabilities and own funds of the 
institution (i.e. “Minimum Requirement for Own Funds and Eligible Liabilities” or “MREL”). 
The aim is that the minimum amount should be proportionate and adapted for each category of bank
on the basis of their risk or the composition of their sources of funding and to ensure adequate 
capitalisation to continue exercising critical functions post resolution. The final draft regulatory 
technical standards in Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2016/1450 set out the assessment 
criteria that resolution authorities should use to determine the MREL for individual firms. The BRRD 
does not foresee an absolute minimum, but attributes the competence to set a minimum amount for 
each bank to national resolution authorities (for banks not subject to supervision by the ECB) or to the 
Single Resolution Board (the SRB) for banks subject to direct supervision by the ECB. 
The determination that securities issued by the BPS Group will be subject to write-down, conversion 
or bail-in is likely to be inherently unpredictable and may depend on a number of factors which may 
be outside of the BPS Group’s control. This determination will also be made by the Single Resolution 
Board and there may be many factors, including factors not directly related to the bank or the BPS
Group, which could result in such a determination. Because of this inherent uncertainty, it will be 
difficult to predict when, if at all, the exercise of a bail-in power may occur which would result in a 
principal write off or conversion to other securities, including equity. Moreover, as the criteria that the 
Single Resolution Board will be obliged to consider in exercising any bail-in power provide it with 
considerable discretion, holders of the securities issued by the BPS Group may not be able to refer to 
publicly available criteria in order to anticipate a potential exercise of any such power and 
consequently its potential effect on the BPS Group and the securities issued by the BPS Group. 
Potential investors in the securities issued by the BPS Group should consider the risk that a holder

--- Page 223 ---
223
may lose all or part of its investment, including the principal amount plus any accrued interest, if such 
statutory loss absorption measures are acted upon.
Furthermore, on 1 June 2016, the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2016/860 of 4 February 
2016 (“Delegated Regulation (EU) 2016/860”) specifying further the circumstances where exclusion 
from the application of write-down or conversion powers is necessary under Article 44(3) of BRRD 
was published on the Official Journal of the European Union. In particular this regulation lays down 
rules specifying further the exceptional circumstances provided for in Article 44(3) of BRRD, where 
the resolution authority may exclude, or partially exclude, certain liabilities from the application of 
the write down or conversion powers where the bail-in tool is applied. The Delegated Regulation 
(EU) 2016/860 entered into force on 21 June 2016.
Furthermore, under resolution, the resolution authorities have relevant ancillary power aimed at 
ensuring a smooth resolution of the bank. In particular, they are entitled to amend or alter the maturity 
of certain debt instruments (such as senior notes, non-preferred senior notes and subordinated notes) 
issued by the bank under resolution or to amend the amount of interest payable under such 
instruments, or the date on which the interest becomes payable, including by suspending payment for 
a temporary period.
In general terms, the resolution authority is also entitled to cancel or modify the terms of any contract 
to which the bank under resolution is a party, to suspend the bank’s contractual obligations or to 
substitute a recipient as a party.
On the other hand, the application of a resolution measure shall not, per se (i.e., provided that the bank 
continues to perform its obligations under the relevant agreements), make it possible to: (i) exercise 
any termination, suspension, modification, netting or set-off rights; (ii) obtain possession, exercise 
control or enforce any security over any property of the bank in relation to an agreement which 
includes cross-default provisions; or (iii) affect any contractual rights of the bank in relation to an 
agreement which includes cross-default provisions.
In this regard, it should be noted that, in any case, the BRRD Decrees introduced strict limitations on 
the possibility to exercise the rights of set-off normally available under Italian insolvency laws, in 
case of resolution. 
As to the financing of the resolution action, the resources may be provided by the national Resolution 
Funds and the Single Resolution Funds. However, in accordance with the burden-sharing principle, 
the intervention of such funds is only admitted where a contribution to loss absorption and 
recapitalization equal to an amount not less than 8% of the total liabilities (including own funds) of 
the bank under resolution, measured at the time of the resolution action, has been made by the 
shareholders and the holders of other instruments of ownership, the holders of relevant capital 
instruments and other eligible liabilities through write down, conversion or otherwise. In any case, the 
contribution of the resolution funds shall not exceed 5% of the total liabilities including own funds of 
the bank under resolution, measured at the time of the resolution action.
On 23 November 2016, the European Commission published a proposal to amend certain provisions 
of the BRRD. The proposal includes an amendment to Article 108 of the BRRD aimed at further 
harmonising the creditor hierarchy as regards the priority ranking of holders of bank senior unsecured 
debt in resolution and insolvency. A new class of so called “senior non-preferred debt” was proposed 
to be added that would be eligible to meet the TLAC and MREL requirements. This new class of debt 
will be senior to all subordinated debt, but junior to ordinary unsecured senior claims.
The proposal of the European Commission resulted in the adoption of Directive (EU) 2017/2399 of 12 
December 2017 amending the BRRD with regard to the ranking of unsecured debt instruments in 
insolvency hierarchy which was published in the Official Journal of the European Union on 27

--- Page 224 ---
224
December 2017 and had to be transposed into national law by the Member States by 29 December 
2018. In this regard, the Italian Law no. 205/2017, approved by the Italian Parliament on 27 
December 2017, contains the implementing provisions pertaining to “non-preferred" senior debt 
instruments.
The amendments to the BRRD do not affect the existing stocks of bank debt and their statutory 
ranking in insolvency pursuant to the relevant laws of the Member State in which the bank is 
incorporated.
In addition, the EBA has issued its final draft regulatory technical standards which further define the
way in which national resolution authorities/the SRB shall calculate MREL. According to the SRB 
work programme 2020, during this year, the number of binding external MREL decisions is expected 
to reach 114, while 340 internal MREL decisions for relevant legal entities are envisaged.
The EU Banking Reform Package includes Directive (EU) 2019/879, which provides for a number of 
significant revisions to the BRRD (known as BRRD2). BRRD2 provides that Member States are 
required to ensure implementation into local law by 28 December 2020 with certain requirements 
relating to the implementation of the TLAC standard applying from January 2022 while the 
transitional period for full compliance with MREL requirements is foreseen until 1 January 2024, with 
interim targets for a linear build-up of MREL set at 1 January 2022. The EU Banking Reform 
Package includes, amongst other things:
(a)
full implementation of the FSB’s TLAC standard in the EU and revisions to the existing MREL 
regime. Additional changes to the MREL framework include changes to the calculation 
methodology for MREL, criteria for the eligible liabilities which can be considered as MREL, 
the introduction of internal MREL and additional reporting and disclosure requirements on 
institutions;
(b)
introduction of a new category of "top-tier" banks, being banks which are resolution entities 
that are not G-SIIs but are part of a resolution group whose total assets exceed EUR 100 billion;
(c)
the introduction of a new moratorium power for resolution authorities and requirements on the 
contractual stays in resolution; and
(d)
amendments to the article 55 regime in respect of the contractual recognition of bail-in. 
Changes to the BRRD under BRRD2 impact how credit institutions and investment firms are 
managed as well as, in certain circumstances, the rights of creditors
In order to ensure compliance with MREL requirements, and in line with the FSB standard on TLAC, 
the BRRD2 provides that in case a bank does not have sufficient eligible liabilities to comply with its 
MREL, the resultant shortfall is automatically filled up with CET1 Capital that would otherwise be 
counted towards meeting the combined capital buffer requirement. However, under certain 
circumstances, the BRRD2 envisages a nine-month grace period before restrictions to discretionary 
payments to the holders of regulatory capital instruments and employees take effect due to a breach of 
the combined capital buffer requirement.
On 20 May 2020, the Single Resolution Board published a non-binding policy named “Minimum 
Requirements for Own Funds and Eligible Liabilities (MREL) Policy under the Banking Package”, 
aiming at helping to ensure that MREL is set in the context of fully feasible and credible resolution 
plans for all types of banks, as well as promoting a level playing field across banks including 
subsidiaries of non-banking Union (EU) banks. The policy addresses the following topics:
(a)
calibration: the policy provides for modifications and extensions of the SRB’s approach to 
MREL calibration in accordance with the framework set out by the EU Banking Reform

--- Page 225 ---
225
Package;
(b)
subordination for resolution entities: the policy sets the following subordination requirements: 
(i) Pillar 1 Banks are subject to subordination requirements composed of a non-adjustable Pillar 
1 MREL requirement that must be met with own funds instruments and eligible liabilities that 
are subordinated to all claims arising from excluded liabilities; (ii) Pillar 1 Banks’ resolution 
authorities shall ensure that the subordinated MREL resources of Pillar 1 Banks are equal to at 
least 8% of total liabilities and own funds (TLOF); and (iii) non Pillar 1 Banks will be subject 
to a subordination requirement only upon the decision of the resolution authority to avoid a 
breach of the No Creditor Worse Off principle, following a bank-specific assessment carried 
out as part of resolution planning;
(c)
internal MREL for non-resolution entities: the policy states that the SRB will progressively 
expand the scope of non-resolution entities for which it will adopt internal MREL decisions, 
and it may waive subsidiary institutions qualifying as non-resolution entities from internal 
MREL at certain conditions. In addition, the policy defines criteria for the SRB’s possibility to 
permit the use of guarantees to meet the internal MREL within the Member State of the 
resolution entity;
(d)
MREL for cooperative groups: the policy sets out minimum conditions to authorise certain 
types of cooperative networks to use eligible liabilities of associated entities other than the
resolution entity to comply with the external MREL, as well as minimum conditions to waive 
the internal MREL of the legal entities that are part of the cooperative network;
(e)
eligibility of liabilities issued under the law of a third country: the policy expands on how 
liabilities issued under the law of third countries can be considered eligible through contractual 
recognition; and
(f)
transition arrangements: the policy explains the operationalisation of transitional periods up to 
the 2024 deadline, including binding intermediate targets in 2022 and informative targets in 
2023, also stating that transitional arrangements must be bank-specific (since they depend on 
the MREL tailored to that bank and its resolution plan, and the bank’s progress to date in 
raising MREL-eligible liabilities).
In April 2020, the SRB published a letter which was sent to banks under its remit, outlining potential 
operational relief measures related to the COVID-19 outbreak. Of particular note, the SRB has stated 
that;
(a)
it is committed to working on 2020 resolution plans and issuing 2020 decisions on MREL 
according to the planned deadlines but it will apply a pragmatic and flexible approach to 
consider, where necessary, postponing less urgent information or data requests related to the 
2020 resolution planning cycle; and
(b)
it regards the liability data report, the additional liability report and the MREL quarterly 
template as essential and it expects banks to make every effort to deliver these documents on 
time but will assess possible leeway in submission dates for other reports, such as those related 
to critical functions and access to financial market infrastructures.
In July 2020, the EBA published a statement on resolution planning in in the light of COVID-19. The 
EBA states that it aims to reaffirm that resolution planning is crucial in time of uncertainty to ensure 
that resolution is a credible option in case of failure. The focus of the statement is ensuring that the 
current situation is effectively taken into account by resolution authorities while maintaining a 
"through the cycle" approach and ensuring that resolvability objectives are achieved.

--- Page 226 ---
226
In September 2020, the European Commission issued a notice aimed at interpreting certain legal 
provisions of the revised bank resolution framework (i.e. BRRD, SRMR, CRR and CRD IV) in reply 
to questions raised by NCAs, addressing the following issues: (i) the power to prohibit certain 
distributions; (ii) powers to suspend payment or delivery obligations; (iii) selling of subordinated 
eligible liabilities to retail clients; (iv) minimum requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities; (v) 
bail-in tool; (vi) contractual recognition of bail-in; (vii) write down or conversion of capital 
instruments and eligible liabilities; (viii) exclusion of certain contractual terms in early intervention 
and resolution; and (ix) contractual recognition of resolution stay powers. As pinpointed by the same 
Commission, the notice merely clarifies the provisions already contained in the applicable legislation, 
while it does not extend in any way the rights and obligations deriving from such legislation nor 
introduce any additional requirements of the concerned operators and competent authorities.
In April 2021, the Implementing Regulation (EU) 2021/763 on disclosure reporting on MREL and 
TLAC has been published, providing for: (i) draft uniform disclosure formats for MREL and TLAC 
disclosure according – respectively – to Articles 45i(6) of the BRRD and 434a of the CRR; (ii) draft
uniform reporting templates, instructions and methodology for MREL and TLAC reporting according 
– respectively – to Articles 45i(5) of the BRRD and 430(7) of the CRR. Title I of the Implementing 
Regulation (EU) 2021/763 shall apply from 28 June 2021, while Title II shall apply as of 1 June 2021 
as regards the disclosures in accordance with Article 437a and point (h) of Article 447 of CRR, and as 
of the date of application of the disclosure requirements in accordance with the third subparagraph of 
Article 3(1) of Directive (EU) 2019/879, as regards the disclosures in accordance with Article 45i(3) 
of BRRD.
The BRRD II is subject to transposition in Italy by means of the European Delegation Law (Law No. 
53/2021) of 22 April 2021 in the implementation of which a draft Legislative Decree transposing
BRRD II has been filed in August 2021 with the competent Parliament Committees for their 
examination.
CRD V and CRR II
In November 2016, the European Commission (the EC) published a package of proposed 
amendments to CRD IV / CRR (CRD V and CRR II, respectively). Following the EC’s proposals, 
CRD V and CRR II have been issued on 27 June 2019 as Directive 2019/878/EU and Regulation 
2019/876/EU respectively. CRD V applies from 29 June 2020 and CRR II largely applies from 28 
June 2021. The elements of the package introduced by the CRD V Directive are subject to 
transposition into national law. The CRD V is subject to transposition in Italy by means of the 
European Delegation Law (Law No. 53/2021) of 22 April 2021, in the implementation of which a 
draft Legislative Decree transposing CRD V and CRR II has been filed in August 2021 with the 
competent Parliament Committees for their examination. Although gradually implemented, such 
regulatory evolution, whose aim is to set a higher system stability, may in any case have a significant 
impact on financial institutions.
The amendments seek to implement some of the remaining aspects of Basel III and reforms which 
reflect EC findings on the impact of CRD IV on bank financing of the EU economy. Certain of the 
changes such as new market risk rules, standardized approach to counterparty risk, details on the 
leverage ratio and net stable funding requirements and the tightening of the large exposures limit will 
particularly impact capital requirements. The amendments also seek to require financial holding
companies in the European Union to become authorized and subject to direct supervision under CRD 
IV. This will place formal direct responsibility on holding companies for compliance with 
consolidated prudential requirements for financial groups. The amendments also require third-country 
groups above a certain threshold with two or more credit institutions or investment firms in the 
European Union to establish an intermediate EU holding company. The minimum requirement for 
own funds and eligible liabilities provisions in the CRR are also amended to bring the requirement in

--- Page 227 ---
227
line with the Financial Stability Board’s final total loss absorbing capacity term sheet standards for 
globally significant institutions.
The final capital framework to be established in the European Union under CRD V / CRR II differs 
from Basel III in certain areas. In December 2017, the Basel Committee finalized further changes to 
the Basel III framework which include amendments to the standardized approaches to credit risk and 
operational risk and the introduction of a capital floor. In January 2019, the Basel Committee 
published revised final standards on minimum capital requirements for market risk. These proposals 
will need to be transposed into EU law before coming into force. The Basel Committee has 
recommended implementation commencing in 2022, however timing of implementation in the 
European Union is uncertain.
Amongst other measures taken by prudential regulators in response to the COVID-19 pandemic, the
Group of Central Bank Governors and Heads of Supervision (GHOS) decided on 2 April 2020 to 
delay the implementation of these final Basel III standards by one year to 1 January  2023.
The Supervisory Review and Evaluation Process
The Issuer is subject to the Pillar 2 requirements for banks imposed under the Directive 2013/36/EU 
of the European Parliament and of the Council of the European Union of 26 June 2013 and the 
Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council of the European Union 
of 26 June 2013 (jointly the “CRD IV Package”), which will be impacted, on an on-going basis, by 
the Supervisory Review and Evaluation Process (SREP). The SREP is aimed at ensuring that 
institutions have in place adequate arrangements, strategies, processes and mechanisms to maintain 
the amounts, types and distribution of internal capital commensurate to their risk profile, as well as 
robust governance and internal control arrangements. The key purpose of the SREP is to ensure that 
institutions have adequate arrangements as well as capital and liquidity to ensure sound management 
and coverage of the risks to which they are or might be exposed, including those revealed by stress 
testing, as well as risks the institution may pose to the financial system. On 22 April 2020, the EBA 
published a statement on additional supervisory measures in the light of the COVID-19. The EBA 
states that it recognises the need for a pragmatic and effective SREP, specific for the 2020 exercise. In 
light of the above, on 23 July 2020 the EBA issued the Final Report of the Guidelines “on the 
pragmatic 2020 supervisory review and evaluation process in light of the COVID-19 crisis”, aimed at 
making available to competent authorities a special procedure for the supervisory review and 
evaluation process (SREP) for the year 2020. In particular, they identify how flexibility and 
pragmatism could be exercised in relation to the SREP framework in the context of the COVID-19 
pandemic.
Audit of the annual financial statements 
The Issuer states that both the consolidated and non-consolidated financial statements as at and for the 
year ended 31 December 2020, approved by the Board of Directors on 30 March 2021 and by the 
Shareholders at the Shareholders' Meeting on 11 May 2021, have been audited by the independent 
auditors, EY S.p.A. who issued their unqualified audit opinion on 16 April 2021.
The Issuer states that both the consolidated and non-consolidated financial statements as at and for the 
year ended 31 December 2019, approved by the Board of Directors on 9 April 2020 and by the 
Shareholders at the Shareholders' Meeting on 12 June 2020, have been audited by the independent 
auditors, EY S.p.A. who issued their unqualified audit opinion on 2 May 2020.
The annual consolidated financial statements and the half-year unaudited condensed interim 
consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with International Financial 
Reporting Standards issued by the International Accounting Standards Board as adopted by the 
European Union (IFRS).

--- Page 228 ---
228
Alternative Performance Measures
In order to facilitate the understanding of economic and financial performance of the BPS Group, the 
Issuer's directors have identified certain Alternative Performance Measures (APM).
This Base Prospectus contains or incorporates by reference the following alternative performance 
measures, as defined by the European Securities and Markets Authority’s Guidelines on Alternative 
Performance Measures (ESMA/2015/1415), which are used by the management of the Issuer to 
monitor its financial and operating performance and to facilitate management in identifying 
operational trends and take about investment decisions, resource allocation and other operational 
decisions.
With reference to the interpretation of these APM draws attention to the matters illustrated below:
(i)
these indicators are constructed exclusively from the BPS Group's historical data and is not 
indicative of the future performance of the BPS Group;
(ii)
the APM are not required by IFRS and, although derived from the Issuer's consolidated 
financial statements are not audited;
(iii)
these financial measures should not be seen as a substitute for measures defined according to 
IFRS;
(iv)
reading of these APM should be carried out together with the BPS Group's financial 
information from the Issuer's audited consolidated financial statements for the years ended 31 
December 2020 and 2019 and the unaudited condensed consolidated interim financial 
statements at 30 June 2021 and 2020; 
(v)
it is to be noted that, since not all companies calculate APM in the same manner, these are not 
always comparable to measurements used by other companies.
APM used by the BPS Group are processed with continuity and consistency of definition and 
representation for all periods for which financial information included in this Base Prospectus.
Measures of profitability
Cost to income ratio
Cost/Income ratio is a ratio of operating costs to total income derived from the income statement of 
the Issuer. Cost/income ratio is one of the primary indicators of efficiency of the Issuer. The higher is 
the ratio, the lower is the profitability.
(in €/thousands)
31 December 
2019
31 December 
2020
30 June 2020
30 June 2021
A. Operating costs
(517,725)
(540,432)
(267,127)
(260,686)
B. Total income
903,293
819,677
327,943
505,349
Cost to income ratio 
(A/B)
57.32%
65.93%
81.46%
51.59%
Net interest income to total assets

--- Page 229 ---
229
The ratio shows the profitability of the lending activity.
(in €/thousands)
31 December 
2019
31 December 
2020
30 June 2020
30 June 2021
A. Net interest income
460,375
490,010
233,058
264,037
B. Total assets
41,146,189
49,807,597
46,157,302
52,950,874
Net interest income 
to total assets (A/B)
1.12%
0.98%
0.50%
0.50%
Net financial income to total assets
The ratio shows the incidence of lending activity on total assets.
(in €/thousands)
31 December 
2019
31 December 
2020
30 June 2020
30 June 2021
A. 
Net 
financial 
income
687,468
671,015
275,117
437,515
B. Total assets
41,146,189
49,807,597
46,157,302
52,950,874
Net financial income 
to total assets (A/B)
1.67%
1.35%
0.60%
0.83%
Net interest income to total income
The ratio shows the profitability of lending activity compared to the interest rate risk.
(in €/thousands)
31 December 
2019
31 December 
2020
30 June 2020
30 June 2021
A. Net interest income
460,375
490,010
233,058
264,037
B. Total income
903,293
819,677
327,943
505,349
Net interest income to 
total incomes (A/B)
50.97%
59.78%
71.07%
52.25%
Administrative costs to total income
The ratio shows in percentage the weight of administrative costs on net interest and other banking 
income.
(in €/thousands)
31 December 
2019
31 December 
2020
30 June 2020
30 June 2021
A. Administrative costs
(525,460)
(529,826)
(267,057)
(290,257)
B. Total income
903,293
819,677
327,943
505,349

--- Page 230 ---
230
Administrative expenses 
to total income (A/B)
58.17%
64.64%
81.43%
57.44%
Profit to total assets
The return on assets (ROA) shows the percentage of how profitable a company's assets are in 
generating revenue.
(in €/thousands)
31 December 
2019
31 December 
2020
30 June 2020
30 June 2021
A. Profit attributable to the 
parent company
137,435
106,597
14,409
136,689
B. Total assets
41,146,189
49,807,597
46,157,302
52,950,874
Profit to total assets (A/B)
0.33%
0.21%
0.03%
0.26%
Texas ratio
Texas ratio is a ratio of net non-performing loans to net tangible equity minus intangible assets. Texas 
ratio represents the capability of the Issuer to support loan losses.
(in €/thousands)
31 December 
2019
31 December 
2020
30 June 2020
30 June 2021
A. Net non-performing loans
1,573,976
1,092,110
1,274,273
1,019,090
B. Equity
2,841,780
2,997,571
2,853,351
3,126,498
C. Intangible assets
31,186
28,328
31,326
31,103
Texas ratio (A/(B-C))
56.00%
36.78%
45.15%
32.92%
Capital to direct funding from customers
The ratio shows in percentage the weight of net the equity on direct customer deposits.
(in €/thousands)
31 December 
2019
31 December 
2020
30 June 2020
30 June 2021
A. Equity
2,841,780
2,997,571
2,853,351
3,126,498
B. Direct funding from customers
32,621,749
35,559,460
31,788,944
36,957,595
Capital to direct funding from 
customers (A/B)
8.71%
8.43%
8.98%
8.46%

--- Page 231 ---
231
Capital to customer loans
The ratio shows in percentage the weight of the net equity on loans and receivables with customers
(in €/thousands)
31 December 
2019
31 December 
2020
30 June 2020
30 June 2021
A. Equity
2,841,780
2,997,571
2,853,351
3,126,498
B. Loans to customers
27,387,397
29,379,724
28,726,597
31,046,131
Capital to customer loans (A/B)
10.38%
10.20%
9.93%
10.07%
Capital to financial assets
The ratio shows in percentage the weight of net the equity on financial assets.
(in €/thousands)
31 December 
2019
31 December 
2020
30 June 2020
30 June 2021
A. Equity
2,841,780
2,997,571
2,853,351
3,126,498
B. Financial assets
9,722,547
10,553,102
10,174,483
12,543,964
Capital to financial assets (A/B)
29.23%
28.40%
28.04%
24.92%
Capital to total assets 
The ratio shows in percentage the weight of net the equity on total assets and it’s a financial 
independence index.
(in €/thousands)
31 December 
2019
31 December 
2020
30 June 2020
30 June 2021
A. Equity
2,841,780
2,997,571
2,853,351
3,126,498
B. Total assets
41,146,189
49,807,597
46,157,302
52,950,874
Capital to total assets (A/B)
6.91%
6.02%
6.18%
5.90%
Net non-performing loans to capital
The ratio shows in percentage the weight of net non-performing loans on net equity and it is an asset 
quality index.
(in €/thousands)
31 December 
2019
31 December 
2020
30 June 2020
30 June 2021
A. Bad loans with customer
668,059
345,812
438,963
316,181
B. Equity
2,841,780
2,997,571
2,853,351
3,126,498
Net 
non-performing 
loans 
to 
capital (A/B)
23.51%
11.54%
15.38%

--- Page 232 ---
232
10.11%
Net non-performing loans to total loans to customers
The ratio shows in percentage the weight of Net non-performing loans to total loans to customers and 
it is an asset quality index
(in €/thousands)
31 December 
2019
31 December 
2020
30 June 2020
30 June 2021
A. Net non-performing loans
668,059
345,812
438,963
316,181
B. Total loans to customers
27,387,397
29,379,724
28,726,597
31,046,131
Net non-performing loans to total 
loans to customers (A/B)
2.44%
1.18%
1.53%
1.02%
Total loans to customers to total direct funding from customers
The ratio shows in percentage the weight of total loans to customers to total direct funding from 
customers.
(in €/thousands)
31 December 
2019
31 December 
2020
30 June 2020
30 June 2021
A. Total loans to customers
27,387,397
29,379,724
28,726,597
31,046,131
B. 
Total 
direct 
funding 
from 
customers
32,621,749
35,559,460
31,788,944
36,957,595
Total loans to customers to total 
direct funding from customers 
(A/B)
83.95%
82.62%
90.37%
84.00%
Cost of credit (on annual basis)
The ratio of net adjustments to customer loans to total customer loans
(in €/thousands)
31 December 
2019
31 December 
2020
30 June 2020
30 June 2021
A. Net adjustment to customer loans
(214,073)
(141,391)
(42,142)
(65,513)
B. Annual basis
1
1
2
2
C. Loans to customers
27,387,397
29,379,724
28,726,597
31,046,131
Cost of credit (A/C*B)
0.78%
0.48%
0.29%
0.42%
Leverage ratio
The ratio of Tier 1 to total on- and off-balance sheet assets

--- Page 233 ---
233
(in €/thousands)
31 December 
2019
31 December 
2020
30 June 2020
30 June 2021
A. Tier 1 (phased-in)
2,721,522
2,976,039
2,782,800
3,074,806
B. Total on- and off-balance sheet 
assets
45,237,038
46,928,386
50,589,721
52,652,000
Leverage ratio (A/B)
6.02%
6.34%
5.50%
5.84%
Return on Equity
(in €/thousands)
31 December 
2019
31 December 
2020
30 June 2020
30 June 2021
A. Profit for the period
137,435
106,597
14,409
136,689
B. Equity
2,841,780
2,997,571
2,853,351
3,126,498
ROE (A/B)
4.84%
3.56%
0.50%
4.37%

--- Page 234 ---
234
TAXATION
Tax legislation, including in the country where the investor is domiciled or tax resident and in 
the Issuer’s country of incorporation, may have an impact on the income that an investor 
receives from the Notes.
The statements herein regarding taxation summarise the main tax consequences of the purchase, the 
ownership, the redemption and the disposal of the Notes. They apply to a holder of Notes only if such 
holder purchases its Notes in this offering. It is a general overview that does not apply to certain 
categories of investors and does not purport to be a comprehensive description of all the tax 
considerations which may be relevant to a decision to purchase, own or dispose of the Notes. It does 
not discuss every aspect of taxation that may be relevant to a holder of Notes if such holder is subject 
to special circumstances or if such holder is subject to special treatment under applicable law.
Where in this overview English terms and expressions are used to refer to Italian concepts, the 
meaning to be attributed to such terms and expressions shall be the meaning to be attributed to the 
equivalent Italian concepts under Italian tax law.
The statements herein regarding taxation are based on the laws in force in Italy as at the date of this 
Base Prospectus and are subject to any changes in law occurring after such date, which changes 
could be made on a retroactive basis.
The laws and their interpretation by the tax authorities may change and such changes may also have 
retroactive effect. Accordingly, investors should consider this aspect before investing.
Prospective purchasers of the Notes are advised to consult their own tax advisers concerning the 
overall tax consequences under Italian tax law, under the tax laws of the country in which they are 
resident for tax purposes and of any other potentially relevant jurisdiction of acquiring, holding and 
disposing of the Notes and receiving payments of interest, principal and/or other amounts under the 
Notes, including in particular the effect of any state, regional or local tax laws.
Italian Taxation
Tax treatment of Notes issued by the Issuer
Decree No. 239 sets out the applicable regime regarding the tax treatment of interest, premium and 
other income from certain securities issued, inter alia, by Italian resident banks (including the 
difference between the redemption amount and the issue price) (hereinafter collectively referred to as 
Interest). The provisions of Decree No. 239 only apply to Notes issued by the Issuer which qualify as 
obbligazioni (bonds) or titoli similari alle obbligazioni (securities similar to bonds) pursuant to Article 
44 of Presidential Decree No. 917 of 22 December 1986, as amended and supplemented (Decree No. 
917). Pursuant to Article 44 of Decree No. 917, for securities to qualify as titoli similari alle 
obbligazioni (securities similar to bonds), they must (i) incorporate an unconditional obligation to pay 
at maturity an amount not less than that therein indicated and (ii) attribute to the holders no direct or 
indirect right to control or participate in the management of the Issuer. The tax regime set forth by 
Decree No. 239 also applies to Interest from regulatory capital financial instruments complying with 
EU and Italian regulatory principles, issued by, inter alia, Italian banks, other than shares and 
assimilated instruments.
Italian Resident Noteholders
Where an Italian resident Noteholder is:

--- Page 235 ---
235
(a)
an individual not engaged in an entrepreneurial activity to which the Notes are connected 
(unless they have opted for the application of the risparmio gestito regime – see under 
“Capital gains tax” below);
(b)
a non-commercial partnership;
(c)
a non-commercial private or public institution other than companies, and trusts not carrying 
out mainly or exclusively commercial activities, the Italian State and public and territorial 
entities; or
(d)
an investor exempt from Italian corporate income taxation, 
interest relating to the Notes, accrued during the relevant holding period, are subject to a withholding 
tax, referred to as “imposta sostitutiva”, levied at the rate of 26 per cent. In the event that the 
Noteholders described under paragraphs (a) and (c) above are engaged in an entrepreneurial activity 
to which the Notes are connected, the imposta sostitutiva applies as a provisional tax and the relevant 
Interest must be included in their relevant income tax return. As a consequence, the Interest will be 
subject to ordinary income tax and the imposta sostitutiva may be recovered as a deduction from the 
taxation on income due.
Subject to certain limitations and requirements (including a minimum holding period), Italian resident 
individuals not acting in connection with an entrepreneurial activity or social security entities pursuant 
to Legislative Decree No. 509 of 30 June 1994 and Legislative Decree No. 103 of 10 February 1996 
may be exempt from any income taxation, including the imposta sostitutiva, on Interest relating to the 
Notes if the Notes are included in a long-term individual savings account (piano individuale di 
risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the requirements from time to time applicable as set forth by 
Italian law.
Where an Italian resident Noteholder is a company or similar commercial entity, or a permanent 
establishment in Italy of a foreign company to which the Notes are effectively connected, and the 
Notes are deposited with an authorised intermediary, Interest from the Notes will not be subject to 
imposta sostitutiva. It must, however, be included in the relevant Noteholder’s income tax return and 
is therefore subject to general Italian corporate taxation (IRES) (and, in certain circumstances, 
depending on the "status" of the Noteholder, also to the regional tax on productive activities (IRAP). 
Under the current regime provided by Law Decree No. 351 of 25 September 2001 converted into law 
with amendments by Law No. 410 of 23 November 2001, Law Decree No. 78 of 31 May 2010, 
converted into Law No. 122 of 30 July 2010 and Legislative Decree No. 44 of 4 March 2014, all as 
amended, payments of Interest in respect of the Notes made to Italian resident real estate investment 
funds established pursuant to Article 37 of Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998, as 
amended and supplemented, or pursuant to Article 14-bis of Law No. 86 of 25 January 1994, and 
Italian real estate SICAFs (together, the Real Estate Funds) are subject neither to imposta sostitutiva
nor to any other income tax in the hands of a Real Estate Fund. However, a withholding tax of 26 per 
cent. will apply, in certain circumstances, to distributions made in favour of unitholders/shareholders 
of the Real Estate Fund.
If the investor is resident in Italy and is an open-ended or closed-ended investment fund, a SICAF 
("Società di investimento a capitale fisso”) or a SICAV ("Società di investimento a capital variabile") 
established in Italy (together, the Fund) and either (i) the Fund or (ii) its manager is subject to the 
supervision of a regulatory authority, and the relevant Notes are held by an authorised intermediary, 
Interest accrued during the holding period on the Notes will not be subject to imposta sostitutiva, but 
must be included in the management results of the Fund. The Fund will not be subject to taxation on 
such results but a withholding tax up to 26 per cent. will apply, in certain circumstances, to

--- Page 236 ---
236
distributions made in favour of unitholders or shareholders (the Collective Investment Fund Tax).
Where an Italian resident Noteholders is a pension fund (subject to the regime provided for by article 
17 of the Italian Legislative Decree No. 252 of 5 December 2005) and the Notes are deposited with an 
authorised intermediary, Interest relating to the Notes and accrued during the holding period will not 
be subject to imposta sostitutiva, but must be included in the result of the relevant portfolio accrued at 
the end of the tax period, to be subject to a 20 per cent. substitute tax. Subject to certain conditions 
(including minimum holding period requirement) and limitations, Interest relating to the Notes may 
be excluded from the taxable base of the 20 per cent. substitute tax if the Notes are included in a long-
term individual savings account (piano individuale di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the 
requirements from time to time applicable as set forth by Italian law. 
Pursuant to Decree No. 239, imposta sostitutiva is applied by banks, società di intermediazione 
mobiliare (SIMs), fiduciary companies, società di gestione del risparmio (SGRs), stock brokers and 
other entities identified by a decree of the Ministry of Finance (each an Intermediary), as 
subsequently amended and integrated.
An Intermediary (a) must (i) be resident in Italy or (ii) be a permanent establishment in Italy of a non-
Italian resident financial intermediary or (iii) an entity or company not resident in Italy, acting through 
a system of centralised administration of notes and directly connected with the Department of 
Revenue of the Italian Ministry of Economy and Finance, having appointed an Italian representative 
for the purposes of Decree No. 239; and (b) intervene, in any way, in the collection of Interest or in 
the transfer of the Notes. For the purpose of the application of the imposta sostitutiva, a transfer of 
Notes includes any assignment or other act, either with or without consideration, which results in a 
change of the ownership of the relevant Notes or in a change of the Intermediary with which the 
Notes are deposited.
Where the Notes are not deposited with an Intermediary, the imposta sostitutiva is applied and 
withheld by any Italian financial intermediary paying Interest to a Noteholder or, absent that, by the 
Issuer.
Non-Italian resident Noteholders
Where the Noteholder is a non-Italian resident, without a permanent establishment in Italy to which 
the Notes are effectively connected, an exemption from the imposta sostitutiva applies provided that 
the non-Italian resident beneficial owner is: 
(a)
resident, for tax purposes, in a country which allows for a satisfactory exchange of 
information with Italy as listed in the Italian Ministerial Decree of 4 September 1996, as 
amended by Ministerial Decree of 23 March 2017 and possibly further amended by future 
decree issued pursuant to Article 11(4)(c) of Decree 239 (as amended by Legislative Decree 
No.147 of 14 September 2015) (the White List); or 
(b)
an international body or entity set up in accordance with international agreements which have 
entered into force in Italy; or
(c)
a Central Bank or an entity which manages, inter alia, the official reserves of a foreign State; 
or 
(d)
an "institutional investor", whether or not subject to tax, which is established in a State 
included in the White List.
In order to ensure gross payment, non-Italian resident Noteholders without a permanent establishment 
in Italy to which the Notes are effectively connected must be the beneficial owners of the payments of

--- Page 237 ---
237
Interest and must:
(a)
deposit, directly or indirectly, the Notes with a resident bank or SIM or a permanent 
establishment in Italy of a non-Italian resident bank or SIM or with a non-Italian resident 
entity or company participating in a centralised securities management system which is in 
contact, via computer, with the Ministry of Economy and Finance; and 
(b)
file with the relevant depository, prior to or concurrently with the deposit of the Notes, a 
statement of the relevant Noteholder, which remains valid until withdrawn or revoked, in 
which the Noteholder declares to be eligible to benefit from the applicable exemption from 
imposta sostitutiva. This statement, which is not requested for international bodies or entities 
set up in accordance with international agreements which have entered into force in Italy nor 
in the case of foreign Central Banks or entities which manage, inter alia, the official reserves 
of a foreign State, must comply with the requirements set forth by Ministerial Decree of 12 
December 2001.
The imposta sostitutiva will be applicable at the rate of 26 per cent. to Interest paid to Noteholders 
who do not qualify for the exemption.
Noteholders who are subject to the substitute tax might, nevertheless, be eligible for a total or partial 
relief under an applicable tax treaty between the Republic of Italy and the country of residence of the 
relevant Noteholder.
Tax treatment of Notes qualifying as atypical securities (titoli atipici)
Atypical securities are securities that do not fall within the category of (a) shares (azioni) and 
securities similar to shares (titoli similari alle azioni) and of (b) bonds (obbligazioni) or securities 
similar to bonds (titoli similari alle obbligazioni).
Payments relating to atypical securities are subject to 26 per cent. withholding tax.
Where the Noteholder is (i) a non-Italian resident person, (ii) an Italian resident individual not holding 
the Notes for the purpose of carrying out a business activity, (iii) an Italian resident non-commercial 
partnership, (iv) an Italian resident non-commercial private or public institution, (v) a Fund, (vi) an 
Italian Real Estate Investment Fund, (vii) a Pension Fund, or (viii) an Italian resident investor exempt 
from Italian corporate income taxation, such withholding tax is a final withholding tax.
Subject to certain limitations and requirements (including a minimum holding period), Italian resident 
individuals not acting in connection with an entrepreneurial activity or social security entities pursuant 
to Legislative Decree No. 509 of 30 June 1994 and Legislative Decree No. 103 of 10 February 1996 
may be exempt from any income taxation, including the 26 withholding tax, on Interest relating to the 
Notes qualifying as atypical securities if such Notes are included in a long-term individual savings 
account (piano individuale di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the requirements from time to 
time applicable as set forth by Italian law.
Where the Noteholder is (a) an Italian resident individual carrying out a business activity to which the 
Notes are effectively connected, or (b) an Italian resident corporation or a similar commercial entity 
(including a permanent establishment in Italy of a foreign entity to which the Notes are effectively 
connected), such withholding tax is an advance withholding tax.
In case of a non-Italian resident Noteholder without a permanent establishment in Italy to which the 
Notes are effectively connected, the above mentioned withholding tax rate may be reduced (generally 
to 10 per cent.) or eliminated under certain applicable tax treaties entered into by Italy, subject to 
timely filing of the required documentation.

--- Page 238 ---
238
Capital gains tax
Any gain obtained from the sale or redemption of the Notes would be treated as part of the taxable 
income (and, in certain circumstances, depending on the "status" of the Noteholder, also as part of the 
net value of the production for IRAP purposes) if realised by an Italian company, a similar 
commercial entity (including the Italian permanent establishment of foreign entities to which the 
Notes are connected) or Italian resident individuals engaged in an entrepreneurial activity to which the 
Notes are connected.
Where an Italian resident Noteholder is (i) an individual not engaged in an entrepreneurial activity to 
which the Notes are connected, (ii) a non-commercial partnership, (iii) a non-commercial private or 
public institution, any capital gain realised by such Noteholder from the sale or redemption of the 
Notes would be subject to an imposta sostitutiva, levied at the rate of 26 per cent. The Noteholders 
may set off any losses with their gains.
In respect of the application of imposta sostitutiva, taxpayers may opt for one of the three regimes 
described below:
(a)
Under the tax declaration regime (regime della dichiarazione), which is the default regime for 
Italian Noteholders under (i) to (iii) above, the imposta sostitutiva on capital gains will be 
chargeable, on a cumulative basis, on all capital gains (net of any incurred capital loss) 
realised by the above mentioned Italian resident Noteholders holding the Notes. In this 
instance, "capital gains" means any capital gain not connected with an entrepreneurial activity 
pursuant to all sales or redemptions of the Notes carried out during any given tax year. Italian 
resident individuals holding the Notes not in connection with an entrepreneurial activity must 
indicate the overall capital gains realised in any tax year, net of any relevant incurred capital
loss, in the annual tax return and pay the imposta sostitutiva on such gains together with any 
balance income tax due for such year. Capital losses in excess of capital gains may be carried 
forward against capital gains realised in any of the four succeeding tax years.
(b)
As an alternative to the tax declaration regime, Noteholders under (i) to (iii) above may elect 
to pay the imposta sostitutiva separately on capital gains realised on each sale or redemption 
of the Notes (the risparmio amministrato regime). Such separate taxation of capital gains is 
allowed subject to:
(i)
the Notes being deposited with Italian banks, SIMs or certain authorised financial 
intermediaries; and 
(ii)
an express election for the risparmio amministrato regime being timely made in 
writing by the relevant Noteholder. 
The depository must account for the imposta sostitutiva in respect of capital gains realised on 
each sale or redemption of the Notes (as well as in respect of capital gains realised upon the 
revocation of its mandate), net of any incurred capital loss. The depository must also pay the 
relevant amount to the Italian tax authorities on behalf of the taxpayer, deducting a 
corresponding amount from the proceeds to be credited to the Noteholders or using funds 
provided by the Noteholders for this purpose. Under the risparmio amministrato regime, any 
possible capital loss resulting from a sale or redemption or certain other transfer of the Notes 
may be deducted from capital gains subsequently realized, within the same securities 
management, in the same tax year or in the following tax years up to the fourth. Under the 
risparmio amministrato regime, the Noteholders are not required to declare the capital gains 
in the annual tax return.
In the "risparmio gestito" regime, any capital gains realised by Italian Noteholders under (i) to (iii)

--- Page 239 ---
239
above who have entrusted the management of their financial assets (including the Notes) to an 
authorised intermediary, will be included in the computation of the annual increase in value of the 
managed assets accrued, even if not realised, at year end, subject to a 26 per cent. substitute tax, to be 
paid by the managing authorised intermediary. Any depreciation of the managed assets accrued at the 
year-end may be carried forward against increase in value of the managed assets accrued in any of the 
four succeeding tax years. The Noteholders are not required to declare the capital gains realised in the 
annual tax return.
Subject to certain limitations and requirements (including a minimum holding period), Italian resident 
individuals not engaged in an entrepreneurial activity or social security entities pursuant to Legislative 
Decree No. 509 of 30 June 1994 and Legislative Decree No. 103 of 10 February 1996 may be exempt 
from Italian capital gain taxes, including the imposta sostitutiva, on capital gains realised upon sale or 
redemption of the Notes if the Notes are included in a long-term individual savings account (piano 
individuale di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the requirements from time to time applicable as 
set forth by Italian law. 
Any capital gains realised by a Noteholder who is a Fund will neither be subject to imposta sostitutiva
on capital gains, nor to any other income tax in the hands of the relevant Noteholders; the Collective 
Investment Fund Tax will be levied on proceeds distributed by the Fund or received by certain 
categories of unitholders upon redemption or disposal of the units. 
Real Estate Funds are not subject to any substitute tax at the fund level nor to any other income tax in 
the hands of the Real Estate Fund. However, a withholding tax of 26 per cent. will apply, in certain 
circumstances, to distributions made in favour of unitholders/shareholders of the Real Estate Fund.
Any capital gains realised by a Noteholder who is an Italian pension fund (subject to the regime 
provided for by article 17 of the Italian Legislative Decree No. 252 of 5 December 2005) will be 
included in the result of the relevant portfolio accrued at the end of the tax period, to be subject to a 
20 per cent. substitute tax. Subject to certain conditions (including minimum holding period 
requirement) and limitations, Interest relating to the Notes may be excluded from the taxable base of 
the 20 per cent. substitute tax if the Notes are included in a long-term individual savings account 
(piano individuale di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the requirements from time to time 
applicable as set forth by Italian law.
Capital gains realised by non-Italian resident Noteholders without a permanent establishment in Italy 
to which the Notes are effectively connected, from the sale or redemption of Notes traded on 
regulated markets are not subject to the imposta sostitutiva. The exemption applies provided that the 
non-Italian resident Noteholders file in due course with the authorised financial intermediary an 
appropriate affidavit (autocertificazione) stating that the Noteholder is not resident in Italy for tax 
purposes.
Capital gains realised by non-Italian resident Noteholders, without a permanent establishment in Italy 
to which the Notes are effectively connected, from the sale or redemption of Notes not traded on 
regulated markets are not subject to the imposta sostitutiva, provided that the effective beneficiary is: 
(a)
resident in a State included in the White List;
(b)
an international entity or body set up in accordance with international agreements which have 
entered into force in Italy;
(c)
a Central Bank or an entity which manages, inter alia, the official reserves of a foreign State; 
or 
(d)
an "institutional investor", whether or not subject to tax, which is established in a State

--- Page 240 ---
240
included in the White List.
If none of the conditions above is met, capital gains realised by non-Italian resident Noteholders, 
without a permanent establishment in Italy to which the Notes are effectively connected, from the sale 
or redemption of Notes issued by an Italian resident issuer and not traded on regulated markets are 
subject to the imposta sostitutiva at the current rate of 26 per cent. However, Noteholders may benefit 
from an applicable tax treaty with Italy providing that capital gains realised upon the sale or 
redemption of the Notes are to be taxed only in the resident tax country of the recipient.
Inheritance and gift taxes
Transfers of any valuable asset (including the Notes or other securities) as a result of death or 
donation are taxed as follows:
(a)
transfers in favour of spouses and direct descendants or direct ancestors are subject to an 
inheritance and gift tax applied at a rate of 4 per cent. on the value of the inheritance or gift 
exceeding, for each beneficiary, Euro 1,000,000;
(b)
transfers in favour of relatives to the fourth degree or relatives-in-law to the third degree are 
subject to an inheritance and gift tax at a rate of 6 per cent. on the entire value of the 
inheritance or the gift. Transfers in favour of brothers/sisters are subject to the 6 per cent. 
inheritance and gift tax on the value of the inheritance or gift exceeding, for each beneficiary, 
Euro 100,000; and
(c)
any other transfer is, in principle, subject to an inheritance and gift tax applied at a rate of 8 
per cent. on the entire value of the inheritance or gift.
If the transfer is made in favour of persons with severe disabilities, the tax is levied at the rate 
mentioned above in paragraphs (a), (b) and (c) on the value exceeding, for each beneficiary, Euro 
1,500,000.
Transfer tax
Contracts relating to the transfer of securities are subject to a Euro 200.00 registration tax as follows: 
(i) public deeds and notarised deeds are subject to mandatory registration; (ii) private deeds are 
subject to registration only in “case of use (caso d’uso), in case of “explicit reference” (enunciazione) 
or in case of voluntary registration (registrazione volontaria).
Stamp Duty
Pursuant to Article 13 of the tariff attached to Presidential Decree No. 642 of 26 October 1972 
(Decree No. 642), a proportional stamp duty applies on an annual basis to any periodic reporting 
communications which may be sent by a financial intermediary to a Noteholder in respect of any 
Notes which may be deposited with such financial intermediary. The stamp duty applies at a rate of 
0.20 per cent.; this stamp duty is determined on the basis of the market value or – if no market value 
figure is available – the nominal value or redemption amount of the Notes held. The stamp duty 
cannot exceed Euro 14,000.00 if the Noteholder is not an individual.
The statement is deemed to be sent at least once a year, even for instruments for which is not 
mandatory nor the deposit nor the release nor the drafting of the statement. In case of reporting 
periods less than 12 months, the stamp duty is payable on a pro-rata basis.
Based on the wording of the law and the implementing decree issued by the Italian Ministry of 
Economy and Finance on 24 May 2012, the stamp duty applies to any investor who is a client -

--- Page 241 ---
241
regardless of the fiscal residence of the investor - (as defined in the regulations issued by the Bank of 
Italy on 9 February 2011, as subsequently amended, supplemented and restated) of an entity that 
exercises in any form a banking, financial or insurance activity within the Italian territory. 
Wealth Tax on securities deposited abroad
According to the provisions set forth by Law No. 214 of 22 December 2011, as amended and 
supplemented, Italian resident individuals, non-commercial entities and certain partnerships (società 
semplici or similar partnerships in accordance with Article 5 of Decree No. 917) holding the Notes 
outside the Italian territory are required to pay an additional tax at a rate of 0.20 per cent. The wealth 
tax cannot exceed Euro 14,000.00 for taxpayers different from individuals. In this case the above 
mentioned stamp duty provided for by Article 13 of the tariff attached to Decree No. 642 does not 
apply.
This tax is calculated on the market value of the Notes at the end of the relevant year or – if no market 
value is available – the nominal value or the redemption value of such financial assets held outside the 
Italian territory. Taxpayers are entitled to an Italian tax credit equivalent to the amount of wealth taxes 
paid in the State where the financial assets are held (up to an amount equal to the Italian wealth tax 
due). 
Financial assets held abroad are excluded from the scope of the wealth tax if they are administered by 
Italian financial intermediaries pursuant to an administration agreement. In this case, the above 
mentioned stamp duty provided for by Article 13 of the tariff attached to Decree No. 642 does apply.
Tax Monitoring
According to the Law Decree No. 167 of 28 June 1990, converted with amendments into Law No. 
227 of 4 August 1990, as amended from time to time, individuals, non-profit entities and certain 
partnerships (società semplici or similar partnerships in accordance with Article 5 of Decree No. 917) 
resident in Italy for tax purposes, under certain conditions, are required to report for tax monitoring 
purposes in their yearly income tax the amount of investments (including the Notes) directly or 
indirectly held abroad. The requirement applies also where the persons above, being not the direct
holder of the financial instruments, are the actual owner of the instrument.
Furthermore, the above reporting requirement is not required to comply with respect to: (i) Notes 
deposited for management with qualified Italian financial intermediaries; (ii) contracts entered into 
through the intervention of qualified Italian financial intermediaries, upon condition that the items of 
income derived from the Notes have been subject to tax by the same intermediaries; or (iii) if the 
foreign investments are only composed by deposits and/or bank accounts and their aggregate value 
does not exceed a Euro 15,000 threshold throughout the year.
Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, commonly known as 
FATCA, a foreign financial institution (as defined by FATCA) may be required to withhold on 
certain payments it makes (foreign passthru payments) to persons that fail to meet certain 
certification, reporting or related requirements. The Issuer is a foreign financial institution for these 
purposes. A number of jurisdictions (including the Republic of Italy) have entered into, or have 
agreed in substance to, intergovernmental agreements with the United States to implement FATCA 
(IGAs), which modify the way in which FATCA applies in their jurisdictions. Under the provisions of 
IGAs as currently in effect, a foreign financial institution in an IGA jurisdiction would generally not 
be required to withhold under FATCA or an IGA from payments that it makes. Certain aspects of the 
application of the FATCA provisions and IGAs to instruments such as Notes, including whether 
withholding would ever be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on

--- Page 242 ---
242
instruments such as Notes, are uncertain and may be subject to change. Even if withholding would be 
required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as Notes, Notes 
characterised as debt (or which are not otherwise characterised as equity and have a fixed term) for 
U.S. federal tax purposes that are issued on or prior to the date that is six months after the date on 
which final regulations defining foreign passthru payments are published generally would be 
grandfathered for purposes of FATCA withholding unless materially modified after such date 
(including by reason of a substitution of the Issuer). However, if additional Notes (as described under 
Condition 15 (Governing Law and Submission to Jurisdiction) of the Terms and Conditions of the 
English Law Notes and Condition 14 (Further Issues) of the Terms and Conditions of the Italian Law 
Notes that are not distinguishable from previously issued Notes are issued after the expiration of the 
grandfathering period and are subject to withholding under FATCA, then withholding agents may 
treat all Notes, including the Notes offered prior to the expiration of the grandfathering period, as 
subject to withholding under FATCA. Holders should consult their own tax advisers regarding how 
these rules may apply to their investment in Notes. In the event any withholding would be required 
pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on the Notes, no person will be required to 
pay additional amounts as a result of the withholding.
The proposed financial transactions tax (FTT) 
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission published a proposal (the Commission's Proposal) 
for a Directive for a common FTT to be adopted in Belgium, Germany, Estonia, Greece, Spain, 
France, Italy, Austria, Portugal, Slovenia and Slovakia (the participating Member States). However, 
Estonia has since stated that it will not participate.
The Commission's Proposal was very broad scope and could, if introduced, apply to certain dealings 
in Notes (including secondary market transactions) in certain circumstances. The issuance and 
subscription of Notes should, however, be exempt.
Under the Commission's Proposal the FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both 
within and outside of the participating Member States. Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in 
the Notes where at least one party is a financial institution, and at least one party is established in a 
participating Member State. A financial institution may be, or be deemed to be "established" in a 
participating Member State in a broad range of circumstances, including (a) by transacting with a 
person established in a participating Member State or (b) where the financial instrument which is 
subject to the dealings is issued in a participating Member State.
However, the FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between participating Member States. It 
may therefore be altered prior to any implementation, the timing of which remains unclear. Additional 
EU Member States may decide to participate.
Prospective holders of the Notes are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the 
FTT.
Luxembourg Taxation 
The following information is of a general nature only and is based on the laws presently in force in 
Luxembourg, though it is not intended to be, nor should it be construed to be, legal or tax advice. The 
information contained within this section is limited to Luxembourg withholding tax issues and 
prospective investors in the Notes should therefore consult their own professional advisers as to the 
effects of state, local or foreign laws, including Luxembourg tax law, to which they may be subject.
Please be aware that the residence concept used under the respective headings below applies for 
Luxembourg income tax assessment purposes only. Any reference in the present section to a 
withholding tax or a tax of a similar nature, or to any other concepts, refers to Luxembourg tax law

--- Page 243 ---
243
and/or concepts only.
Withholding Tax
(a)
Non-resident holders of Notes
Under Luxembourg general tax laws currently in force, there is no withholding tax on 
payments of principal, premium or interest made to non-resident holders of Notes, nor on 
accrued but unpaid interest in respect of the Notes, nor is any Luxembourg withholding tax 
payable upon redemption or repurchase of the Notes held by non-resident holders of Notes.
(b)
Resident holders of Notes
Under Luxembourg general tax laws currently in force and subject to the law of 23 December
2005 as amended (the Relibi Law) mentioned below, there is no withholding tax on payments 
of principal, premium or interest made to Luxembourg resident holders of Notes, nor on 
accrued but unpaid interest in respect of Notes, nor is any Luxembourg withholding tax 
payable upon redemption or repurchase of Notes held by Luxembourg resident holders of 
Notes.
Under the Relibi Law payments of interest or similar income made or ascribed by a paying 
agent established in Luxembourg to an individual beneficial owner who is a resident of 
Luxembourg will be subject to a withholding tax of 20 per cent. Such withholding tax will be 
in full discharge of income tax if the beneficial owner is an individual acting in the course of 
the management of their private wealth. Responsibility for the withholding of the tax will be 
assumed by the Luxembourg paying agent. Accordingly, payments of interest under the Notes 
coming within the scope of the Relibi Law will be subject to a withholding tax at a rate of 20 
per cent.

--- Page 244 ---
244
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE
The Dealers have, in a Programme Agreement (such Programme Agreement as modified and/or 
supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the Programme Agreement) dated 8 October 2021, 
agreed with the Issuer a basis upon which they or any of them may from time to time agree to 
purchase Notes. Any such agreement will extend to those matters stated under " Form of the Notes" 
and "Terms and Conditions for the English Law Notes " and "Terms and Conditions for the Italian 
Law Notes ". In the Programme Agreement, the Issuer has agreed to reimburse the Dealers for certain 
of their expenses in connection with the establishment and any future update of the Programme and 
the issue of Notes under the Programme and to indemnify the Dealers against certain liabilities 
incurred by them in connection therewith.
SELLING RESTRICTIONS
United States 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act or the securities laws of 
any state or other jurisdiction of the United States and may not be offered or sold within the United 
States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons (as defined in Regulation S under the 
Securities Act) except in certain transactions exempt from or not subject to, the registration 
requirements of the Securities Act. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by 
Regulation S under the Securities Act.
The Notes are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered within 
the United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain transactions 
permitted by U.S. Treasury regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to 
them by the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and Treasury regulations promulgated thereunder.
The form of Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) will identify whether 
TEFRA C rules or TEFRA D rules apply or whether TEFRA is not applicable.
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent and agree, that it will not offer, sell or deliver the Notes (a) as part of its 
distribution at any time or (b) otherwise until 40 days after the completion of the distribution of all the 
Notes of the Tranche of which such Notes are a part, within the United States or to, or for the account 
or benefit of, U.S. persons except in accordance with Regulation S of the Securities Act. Each Dealer 
has further agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree, 
that it will send to each dealer to which it sells any Notes during the distribution compliance period a 
confirmation or other notice setting forth the restrictions on offers and sales of the Notes within the 
United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. Terms used in this paragraph have 
the meanings given to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
Until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of any Series of Notes, an offer or sale of such 
Notes within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may violate 
the registration requirements of the Securities Act if such offer or sale is made otherwise than in 
accordance with an available exemption from registration under the Securities Act.
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) 
specifies "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" as "Not Applicable", each Dealer has 
represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or 
otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by the Base

--- Page 245 ---
245
Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be) in relation 
thereto to any retail investor in the European Economic Area. For the purposes of this provision:
(a)
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following:
(i)
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as 
amended, MiFID II); or
(ii)
a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended, the IDD), 
where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) 
of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or
(iii)
not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended, the 
Prospectus Regulation); and
(b)
the expression an "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of 
sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an 
investor to decide to purchase or subscribe the Notes.
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) 
specifies "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" as "Not Applicable", in relation to each 
Member State of the European Economic Area, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each 
further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not 
made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by the 
Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to the public in that Member 
State except that it may, make an offer of such Notes to the public in that Member State:
(a)
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus 
Regulation;
(b)
at any time to fewer than 150, natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as 
defined in the Prospectus Regulation) subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant 
Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or
(c)
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus 
Regulation,
provided that no such offer or distribution of Notes referred to in (a) to (c) above shall require the 
Issuer or any Dealer to publish a Base Prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation 
or supplement a Base Prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.
For the purposes of this provision, (i) the expression an "offer of Notes to the public" in relation to 
any Notes in any Member State means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide 
to purchase or subscribe the Notes, (ii) the expression Prospectus Regulation means Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129, as amended from time to time.
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) 
specifies "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors" as "Not Applicable", each Dealer has 
represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or 
otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by the Base

--- Page 246 ---
246
Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the United 
Kingdom. For the purposes of this provision:
(a)
the expression “retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following:
(i)
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as 
it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 
2018 (EUWA); or 
(ii)
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and 
Markets Act 2000, as amended (the FSMA) and any rules or regulations made under 
the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not 
qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation 
(EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European 
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018; or
(iii)
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
(b)
the expression an "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of 
sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to 
enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe the Notes.
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes)  
specifies “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors” as “Note Applicable”, each Dealer has 
represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the subject of 
the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto 
to the public in the United Kingdom except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in 
the United Kingdom:
(a)
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA;
(b)
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors 
as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law 
by virtue of the EUWA) in the United Kingdom subject to obtaining the prior consent 
of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or
(c)
at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA.
For the purposes of this provision, (i) the expression “an offer of Notes to the public” in relation to 
any Notes means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the 
terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or 
subscribe for the Notes, (ii) the expression “Prospectus Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA.
Other regulatory restrictions 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent and agree, that:
(a)
in relation to any Notes which have a maturity of less than one year, (i) it is a person whose 
ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as

--- Page 247 ---
247
principal or agent) for the purposes of its business and (ii) it has not offered or sold and will 
not offer or sell any Notes other than to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in 
acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or as agent) for the 
purposes of their businesses or who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or 
dispose of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses where the 
issue of the Notes would otherwise constitute a contravention of Section 19 of the FSMA by 
the Issuer;
(b)
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause 
to be communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the 
meaning of Section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any 
Notes in circumstances in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer; and
(c)
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to 
anything done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the United 
Kingdom.
Japan
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act 
of Japan (Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended; the FIEA) and each Dealer has represented and agreed, 
and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it 
will not offer or sell any Notes, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident 
of Japan (as defined under Item 5, Paragraph 1, Article 6 of the Foreign Exchange and Foreign Trade 
Act (Act No. 228 of 1949, as amended)), or to others for re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in 
Japan or to, or for the benefit of, a resident of Japan, except pursuant to an exemption from the 
registration requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with, the FIEA and any other applicable 
laws, regulations and ministerial guidelines of Japan.
France
Each of the Dealers has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it undertakes to comply with applicable 
French laws and regulations in force regarding the offer, the placement or the sale of the Notes and 
the distribution in France of the EMTN Programme Prospectus or any other offering material relating 
to the Notes.
Republic of Italy
The offering of the Notes has not been registered pursuant to Italian securities legislation and, 
accordingly, each Dealer has agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to agree, that no Notes may be offered, sold or delivered, nor may copies of the Base 
Prospectus or of any other offering material relating to the Notes be distributed in the Republic of 
Italy, except: 
(i)
to qualified investors (investitori qualificati), as defined pursuant to Article 2 of Regulation 
(EU) No. 1129 of 14 June 2017 (the PD Regulation) and any applicable provision of Italian 
laws and  regulations; or 
(ii)
in other circumstances which are exempted from the rules on public offerings pursuant to 
Article 1 of the PD Regulation, Article 34-ter of CONSOB Regulation No. 11971 of 14 May 
1999, as amended from time to time, and the applicable Italian laws. 
Any offer, sale or delivery of the Notes or distribution of copies of the Base Prospectus or any other

--- Page 248 ---
248
document relating to the Notes in the Republic of Italy under (i) or (ii) above must: 
(a) 
be made by an investment firm, bank or financial intermediary permitted to conduct such 
activities in the Republic of Italy in accordance with the Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 
February 1998, as amended (the Financial Services Act), CONSOB Regulation No. 20307 of 
15 February 2018 (as amended from time to time) and Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 
September 1993, as amended (the Banking Act); and 
(b) 
comply with any other applicable laws and regulations or requirement imposed by CONSOB, 
the Bank of Italy (including, the reporting requirements, where applicable, pursuant to Article 
129 of the Italian Consolidated Banking Act and the implementing guidelines of the Bank of 
Italy, as amended from time to time) and/or any other Italian authority.
Singapore
Each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to acknowledge, that this Base Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with the 
Monetary Authority of Singapore. Accordingly, each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, 
and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and 
agree, that it has not offered or sold any Notes or caused the Notes to be made the subject of an 
invitation for subscription or purchase and will not offer or sell any Notes or cause the Notes to be 
made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, and has not circulated or distributed, 
nor will it circulate or distribute, this Base Prospectus or any other document or material in connection 
with the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase, of the Notes, whether directly or 
indirectly, to any person in Singapore other than (i) to an institutional investor (as defined in Section 
4A of the SFA) pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA, (ii) to a relevant person (as defined in Section 
275(2) of the SFA) pursuant to Section 275(1) of the SFA, or any person pursuant to Section 275(1A) 
of the SFA, and in accordance with the conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA, or (iii) 
otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance with the conditions of, any other applicable provision of the 
SFA.
Where the Notes are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person 
which is:
(a) 
a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) the 
sole business of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by 
one or more individuals, each of whom is an accredited investor; or
(b)
a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold 
investments and each beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited investor, 
securities or securities-based derivatives contracts (each term as defined in Section 2(1) of the SFA) 
of that corporation or the beneficiaries’ rights and interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall not 
be transferred within six months after that corporation or that trust has acquired the Notes pursuant to 
an offer made under Section 275 of the SFA except:

--- Page 249 ---
249
1.
to an institutional investor or to a relevant person, or to any person arising from an offer 
referred to in Section 275(1A) or Section 276(4)(i)(B) of the SFA;
2.
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer;
3.
where the transfer is by operation of law;
4.
as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA; or
5.
as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) (Securities 
and Securities-based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018 of Singapore. 
Switzerland
The Notes may not be publicly offered, directly or indirectly, in Switzerland within the meaning of 
the Swiss Financial Services Act (FinSA) and no application has or will be made to admit the Notes 
to trading on any trading venue (exchange or multilateral trading facility) in Switzerland. Neither this 
Base Prospectus nor any other offering or marketing material relating to the Notes constitutes a 
prospectus pursuant to the FinSA, and neither this Base Prospectus nor any other offering or 
marketing material relating to the Notes may be publicly distributed or otherwise made publicly 
available in Switzerland.
Belgium
Other than in respect of Notes for which "Prohibition of Sales to Belgian Consumers" is specified as 
"Not Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes), 
each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent and agree, that an offering of Notes may not be advertised to any individual in 
Belgium qualifying as a consumer within the meaning of Article I.1 of the Belgian Code of Economic 
Law, as amended from time to time (a Belgian Consumer) and that it has not offered, sold or resold, 
transferred or delivered, and will not offer, sell, resell, transfer or deliver, the Notes, and that it has not 
distributed, and will not distribute, any prospectus, memorandum, information circular, brochure or 
any similar documents in relation to the Notes, directly or indirectly, to any Belgian Consumer.
General
Each Dealer has agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
agree that it will (to the best of its knowledge and belief) comply with all applicable securities laws 
and regulations in force in any jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or 
possesses or distributes this Base Prospectus and will obtain any consent, approval or permission 
required by it for the purchase, offer, sale or delivery by it of Notes under the laws and regulations in 
force in any jurisdiction to which it is subject or in which it makes such purchases, offers, sales or 
deliveries and neither the Issuer, the Trustee (in case of English Law Notes) nor any of the other 
Dealers shall have any responsibility therefor.
None of the Issuer, the Trustee (in case of English Law Notes) and the Dealers represents that Notes 
may at any time lawfully be sold in compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements 
in any jurisdiction, or pursuant to any exemption available thereunder, or assumes any responsibility 
for facilitating such sale.

--- Page 250 ---
250
GENERAL INFORMATION
Authorisation
The annual update of the Programme and the issue of Notes have been duly authorised by the 
resolution of the Board of Directors of the Issuer dated 5 February 2021.
Approval and Listing of Notes
Application has been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Notes issued under the 
Programme to be admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated market and to 
be listed on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. The Luxembourg Stock Exchange's 
regulated market is a regulated market for the purposes of the Markets in Financial Instruments 
Directive (Directive 2014/65/EU).
Documents Available
For the period of 12 months following the date of this Base Prospectus, copies of the following
documents 
will, 
when 
published, 
be 
available 
for 
inspection 
from
https://www.popso.it/cm/pages/ServeBLOB.php/L/IT/IDPagina/2653:
(a)
the Trust Deed, the Agency Agreement for the English Law Notes and the Agency Agreement 
for the Italian Law Notes and the forms of the Global Notes, the Notes in definitive form, the 
Receipts, the Coupons and the Talons;
(b)
a copy of this Base Prospectus; 
(c)
the English translation of the audited consolidated financial statements for the financial year 
ended on 31 December 2019 of the Issuer;
(d)
the English translation of the audited consolidated financial statements for the financial year 
ended on 31 December 2020 of the Issuer;
(e)
the English translation of the unaudited condensed consolidated interim financial statements 
as at and for the six months ended on 30 June 2021 of the Issuer;
(f)
the press release headed “Information on the evolution of the transformation process of Banca 
Popolare Sondrio into a joint-stock company based on Law 24th of March 2015, no. 33”;
(g)
the press release headed “Banca Popolare di Sondrio: the results of the 2021 ECB/SSM stress 
test confirm the Group's capital strength both in the baseline and in the adverse scenario”;
(h)
the press release headed “Forfeiture of a Board Member”;
(i)
the Green Bond Framework;
(l)
the Second Party Opinion;
(m)
the terms and conditions as set out under the base prospectus dated 31 July 2020; and
(n)
any future Base Prospectus, prospectuses, information memoranda, supplements, Final Terms 
and Pricing Supplements (in the case of Exempt Notes) (save that Pricing Supplements will 
only be available for inspection by a holder of such Note and such holder must produce 
evidence satisfactory to the Issuer or the Paying Agent as to its holding of Notes and identity)

--- Page 251 ---
251
to this Base Prospectus and any other documents incorporated herein or therein by reference.
Clearing Systems
The Notes have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (which 
are the entities in charge of keeping the records). The appropriate Common Code and ISIN for each 
Tranche of Notes allocated by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg will be specified in the form 
of Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes). If the Notes are to clear through 
an additional or alternative clearing system the appropriate information will be specified in the form 
of Final Terms or Pricing Supplement.
The address of Euroclear is Euroclear Bank SA/NV, 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels.
The address of Clearstream, Luxembourg is Clearstream Banking, 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, L-1855 
Luxembourg.
Conditions for determining price
The price and amount of Notes to be issued under the Programme will be determined by the Issuer 
and each relevant Dealer at the time of issue in accordance with prevailing market conditions.
Yield
In relation to any Tranche of Fixed Rate Notes, an indication of the yield in respect of such Notes will 
be specified in the form of Final Terms. The yield is calculated at the Issue Date of the Notes on the 
basis of the relevant Issue Price. The yield indicated will be calculated as the yield to maturity as at 
the Issue Date of the Notes and will not be an indication of future yield.
Significant or Material Adverse Change
There has been no significant change in the financial performance or position of the Group since 30
June 2021 and there has been no material adverse change in the financial position or prospects of the 
Group since 31 December 2020.
Litigation
Save as disclosed in this Base Prospectus at page 219, neither the Issuer nor any other member of the 
Group is or has been involved in any governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any 
such proceedings which are pending or threatened of which the Issuer is aware) in the 12 months 
preceding the date of this document which may have or have in such period had a significant effect on 
the financial position or profitability of the Issuer or the Group. 
Independent auditors 
On 29 April 2017 EY S.p.A. were appointed auditors of the Issuer for the years ending December 31, 
2017 through December 31, 2025. EY S.p.A. is regulated by Ministry for Economy and Finance and 
registered in the register held by Ministry for Economy and Finance at no. 70945. EY S.p.A. is also a
member of Assirevi, the Italian association of auditing firms. The offices of EY S.p.A. are located at 
Via Lombardia, 31, 00187, Rome, Italy.
The reports of the auditors of the Issuer are included or incorporated in the form and context in which 
they are included or incorporated, with the consent of the relevant auditors who have authorised the 
contents of that part of this Base Prospectus. 
Dealers transacting with the Issuer

--- Page 252 ---
252
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in lending, 
corporate finance, investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform 
other services for the Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary course of business.
In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the Dealers and their affiliates may 
make or hold a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related 
derivative securities) and financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and for 
the accounts of their customers. Such investments and securities activities may involve securities 
and/or instruments of the Issuer or the Issuer’s affiliates. Certain of the Dealers or their affiliates that 
have a lending relationship with the Issuer routinely hedge their credit exposure to the Issuer 
consistent with their customary risk management policies. Typically, such Dealers and their affiliates 
would hedge such exposure by entering into transactions which consist of either the purchase of credit 
default swaps or the creation of short positions in securities, including potentially the Notes issued 
under the Programme. Any such short positions could adversely affect future trading prices of Notes 
issued under the Programme. The Dealers and their affiliates may also make investment 
recommendations and/or publish or express independent research views in respect of such securities 
or financial instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or short 
positions in such securities and instruments. For the purposes of this paragraph the term “affiliates” 
includes also the relevant parent companies of the Dealers. Banca Akros, as Dealer, is part of the 
Banco BPM group and therefore it is controlled by Banco BPM S.p.A. which has shares participations 
in certain companies involving also the Issuer.
Trustee's action
The Terms and Conditions for the English Law Notes and the Trust Deed (in the case of the English 
Law Notes) provide for the Trustee to take action on behalf of the Noteholders in certain 
circumstances, but only if the Trustee is indemnified and/or secured and/or pre-funded to its 
satisfaction. It may not always be possible for the Trustee to take certain actions, notwithstanding the 
provision of an indemnity and/or security and/or pre-funding to it. Where the Trustee (in the case of 
the English Law Notes) is unable to take any action, the Noteholders are permitted by the Terms and 
Conditions for the English Law Notes and the Trust Deed to take the relevant action directly. 
Rating
Certain information with respect to the credit rating agencies and ratings is set out on the cover of this 
Base Prospectus.

--- Page 253 ---
253
ISSUER
BANCA POPOLARE DI SONDRIO S.C.p.A.
Piazza Garibaldi, 16
23100 Sondrio
Italy
TRUSTEE
CITIBANK N.A., LONDON BRANCH
Citigroup Centre
Canada Square, Canary Wharf
London E14 5LB
United Kingdom
PAYING AGENT
CITIBANK N.A., LONDON BRANCH
Citigroup Centre
Canada Square, Canary Wharf
London E14 5LB 
United Kingdom
LEGAL ADVISERS
To the Issuer as to Italian and English law
Chiomenti
Via G. Verdi 2
20121 - Milan
Italy
To the Dealers as to Italian and English law
Allen & Overy – Studio Legale Associato
Via Ansperto, 5
20123 Milan
Italy
Corso Vittorio Emanuele II, 284
00186 Rome
Italy

--- Page 254 ---
254
INDEPENDENT AUDITORS
EY S.p.A.
Via Lombardia, 31
00187 Rome
Italy
DEALERS
Banca Akros S.p.A. – Gruppo Banco BPM
Viale Eginardo 29
20149 Milan
Italy
Banca Popolare di Sondrio S.C.p.A.
Piazza Garibaldi, 16
23100 Sondrio
Italy
BNP Paribas
16, boulevard des Italiens
75009 Paris
France 
Erste Group Bank AG
Am Belvedere 1
1100 Vienna
Austria
Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A.
Divisione IMI Corporate & Investment
Banking
Via Manzoni 4
20121 Milan 
Italy
J.P. Morgan AG
Taunustor 1 (TaunusTurm)
60310 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany
KBC Bank NV
Havenlaan 2
B-1080  Brussels
Belgium
Natixis
30 avenue Pierre Mendès France
75013 Paris
France
Raiffeisen Bank International AG
Am Stadtpark, 9
1030 Vienna
Austria
Société Générale
29, boulevard Haussmann
75009 Paris 
France
UBS Europe SE
Bockenheimer Landstraße 2-4,
60306 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany
UniCredit Bank AG
Arabellastrasse 12
81925 Munich
Germany
LISTING AGENT
Banque Internationale à Luxembourg SA
69 route d'Esch
L - 2953 Luxembourg