--- Page 1 ---
1 
 
 
 
BANCO BPI, S.A. 
(incorporated with limited liability in Portugal) 
 
€2,000,000,000 PUBLIC SECTOR COVERED BONDS 
PROGRAMME 
BASE PROSPECTUS 
Banco BPI, S.A. (the “Issuer” or “BPI”), incorporated under Portuguese law, with a fully paid up share 
capital of €1,293,063,324.98, represented by 1,456,924,237 ordinary shares with no nominal value, with 
head office at Avenida da Boavista, no. 1117, 4100-129 Porto and registered under the sole registration and 
taxpayer number 501 214 534 with the Commercial Registry Office of Porto, is an authorised credit 
institution for the purposes of Decree-Law no. 31/2022, of 6 May (the “Legal Regime of Public Sector 
Covered Bonds”). The Public Sector Covered Bonds (as defined below) will constitute public sector 
covered bonds for the purposes, and with the benefit, of the Legal Regime of Public Sector Covered Bonds. 
Under this €2,000,000,000 Public Sector Covered Bonds Programme (the “Programme”), described in this 
base prospectus, dated 24 October 2024 (the “Base Prospectus”), as further supplemented, the Issuer may 
from time to time issue public sector covered bonds (the “Public Sector Covered Bonds”) denominated in 
any currency agreed between the Issuer and the Dealer (as defined below). Public Sector Covered Bonds 
will be issued in registered (nominativas) form (the “Registered Public Sector Covered Bonds”) and be 
represented in book-entry form (forma escritural). The maximum aggregate nominal amount of all Public 
Sector Covered Bonds from time to time outstanding under the Programme will not exceed €2,000,000,000 
(or its equivalent in other currencies calculated as described herein), subject to increase as described herein. 
Public Sector Covered Bonds may be issued on a continuing basis to the Dealer specified and any additional 
Dealer appointed under the Programme from time to time by the Issuer (each a “Dealer” and together, the 
“Dealers”), whose appointment may be for a specific issue or on an ongoing basis. References in this Base 
Prospectus to the relevant Dealer shall, in the case of an issue of Public Sector Covered Bonds being (or

--- Page 2 ---
2 
intended to be) subscribed by more than one Dealer, be to all Dealers agreeing to purchase such Public 
Sector Covered Bonds.  
See the section titled “Risk Factors” for a discussion of certain risk factors to be considered in 
connection with an investment in the Public Sector Covered Bonds.  
This document comprises a base prospectus (the “Base Prospectus”) for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 
No. 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017 on the prospectus to be 
published when securities are offered to the public or admitted to trading on a regulated market, and 
repealing Directive 2003/71/EC, as amended (the “Prospectus Regulation”). 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Comissão do Mercado de Valores Mobiliários (the 
“CMVM”), as the Portuguese competent authority under the Prospectus Regulation. The CMVM only 
approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency 
imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Approval by the CMVM should not be considered as an endorsement 
of the Issuer or the quality of the Public Sector Covered Bonds that are subject of this Base Prospectus. Such 
approval relates only to Public Sector Covered Bonds which are to be admitted to trading on the regulated 
market Euronext Lisbon (“Euronext Lisbon”) under Directive 2014/65/EU of the European Parliament and 
of the Council, of 15 May, on markets in financial instruments, as amended (“MiFID II”), and/or which are 
to be offered to the public in any Member State of the European Economic Area (“EEA”), in circumstances 
that require the publication of a prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability 
of investing in the Public Sector Covered Bonds.  
Application will be made to the Euronext Lisbon - Sociedade Gestora de Mercados Regulamentados, S.A. 
(“Euronext”) for Public Sector Covered Bonds issued under the Programme, during the period of 12 months 
from the date of this Base Prospectus to be admitted to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Lisbon 
and to be admitted to the official list of Euronext Lisbon. 
This Base Prospectus (as supplemented as at the relevant time, if applicable) is valid for a period of 
12 months from the date of approval. The Issuer will, in the event of any significant new factor, 
material mistake or material inaccuracy relating to information included in this Base Prospectus 
which may affect the assessment of any Public Sector Covered Bonds, prepare a supplement to this 
Base Prospectus or publish a new Base Prospectus for use in connection with any subsequent issue of 
Public Sector Covered Bonds. The obligation to prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus in the event

--- Page 3 ---
3 
of any significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy does not apply when this Base 
Prospectus is no longer valid.  
References in this Base Prospectus to Public Sector Covered Bonds being “listed” (and all related 
references) shall mean that such Public Sector Covered Bonds have been admitted to trading on Euronext 
Lisbon or other regulated market. The Programme provides that Public Sector Covered Bonds may be listed 
or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on such other or further stock exchange(s) or markets (including 
EEA regulated markets) as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer. Under this 
Programme, the Issuer may also issue unlisted Public Sector Covered Bonds and/or Public Sector Covered 
Bonds not admitted to trading on any market. Euronext Lisbon is a regulated market for the purposes of 
MiFID II. The applicable Final Terms in respect of the issue of any Public Sector Covered Bonds will 
specify whether or not such Public Sector Covered Bonds will be listed on Euronext Lisbon or not. 
The rating of certain Series (as defined in “Terms and Conditions of the Public Sector Covered Bonds”) 
of Public Sector Covered Bonds to be issued under the Programme may be specified in the applicable Final 
Terms.  
The long term/short term ratings currently assigned to the Issuer are Baa1/P-2 with stable outlook by 
Moody’s Investors Service España, S.A. (“Moody’s España”), BBB+/F2 with positive outlook by Fitch 
Ratings Ireland Limited (“Fitch”) and BBB+/A-2 with positive outlook by S&P Global Ratings Europe 
Limited (“S&P”).  
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Programme is rated “Aa2” by Moody's. Series of Public Sector 
Covered Bonds issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated. Where a Series of Public Sector 
Covered Bonds is rated, such rating will be disclosed in the applicable Final Terms. The rating of Public 
Sector Covered Bonds may not be the same as the rating applicable to the Issuer. 
Whether or not each credit rating applied for in relation to or assigned to a relevant Series of Public Sector 
Covered Bonds will be (1) issued or endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered 
under Regulation (EC) no. 1060/2009, as amended (the “CRA Regulation”) or by a credit rating agency 
which is certified under the CRA Regulation and/or (2) issued or endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established in the United Kingdom (“UK”) and registered under Regulation (EC) no. 1060/2009 as it forms 
part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EU (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA Regulation") or by a 
credit rating agency which is certified under the UK CRA Regulation will be disclosed in the applicable 
Final Terms.

--- Page 4 ---
4 
Moody’s, S&P, Fitch and DBRS are established in the EEA and registered under the CRA Regulation and 
are, as of the date of this Base Prospectus, included in the list of credit rating agencies published by the 
European Securities and Markets Authority (“ESMA”) on its website in accordance with the CRA 
Regulation.  
The ratings issued by S&P have been endorsed by S&P Global Ratings UK Limited in accordance with the 
UK CRA Regulation. The ratings issued by Fitch have been endorsed by Fitch Ratings Limited in 
accordance with the UK CRA Regulation. The ratings issued by Moody’s have been endorsed by Moody’s 
Investors Service Ltd in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation. The ratings issued by DBRS have been 
endorsed by DBRS Ratings Limited in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation. S&P Global Ratings UK 
Limited, Moody’s Investors Service Ltd, Fitch Ratings Limited and DBRS Ratings Limited are established 
in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation.  
ESMA is obliged to maintain on its website, at https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-
agencies/risk, a list of credit rating agencies registered and certified in accordance with the CRA Regulation. 
This list must be updated within five working days of ESMA's adoption of any decision to withdraw the 
registration of a credit rating agency under the CRA Regulation. Therefore, such list is not conclusive 
evidence of the status of the relevant rating agency as there may be delays between certain supervisory 
measures being taken against a relevant rating agency and the publication of the updated ESMA list. 
The UK Financial Conduct Authority ("FCA")'s Financial Services Register, available at 
https://register.fca.org.uk/s/, includes credit rating agencies registered and certified in accordance with the 
UK CRA Regulation. Similar to the ESMA list of credit rating agencies registered and certified in 
accordance with the CRA Regulation, there may be some delays between certain supervisory measures 
being taken against a relevant rating agency and updates to the Financial Services Register. 
In general, European regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes if such 
rating is not issued by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered under the CRA 
Regulation or unless (1) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in the EEA but is 
endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered under the CRA Regulation or (2) 
the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in the EEA which is certified under the CRA 
Regulation. In general, UK regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes if 
such rating is not issued by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA 
Regulation or unless (1) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in the UK but is 
endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation or

--- Page 5 ---
5 
(2) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in the UK which is certified under the 
UK CRA Regulation. 
As such, ratings issued by S&P, Moody’s, Fitch and DBRS may also be used for regulatory purposes in the 
UK in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation. 
Arranger 
Banco BPI, S.A. 
Dealer 
Banco BPI, S.A. 
This Base Prospectus is dated 24 October 2024

--- Page 6 ---
6 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION RELATING TO THE USE OF THIS BASE PROSPECTUS AND THE OFFER 
OF PUBLIC SECTOR COVERED BONDS GENERALLY ........................................................................................ 7 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME ....................................................................................................................... 12 
RISK FACTORS ......................................................................................................................................................... 25 
RESPONSIBILITY STATEMENTS ........................................................................................................................... 60 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE ............................................................................................... 65 
FORM OF THE PUBLIC SECTOR COVERED BONDS AND CLEARING SYSTEMS ........................................ 68 
FINAL TERMS OF THE PUBLIC SECTOR COVERED BONDS ........................................................................... 72 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE PUBLIC SECTOR COVERED BONDS ..................................................... 92 
CHARACTERISTICS OF THE COVER POOL ....................................................................................................... 139 
INSOLVENCY OF THE ISSUER ............................................................................................................................. 146 
COMMON REPRESENTATIVE OF THE HOLDERS OF PUBLIC SECTOR COVERED BONDS .................... 149 
COVER POOL MONITOR ....................................................................................................................................... 150 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER ............................................................................................................................ 153 
THE ORIGINATOR'S STANDARD BUSINESS PRACTICES, CREDIT ASSESSMENT AND SERVICING OF 
THE COVER POOL .................................................................................................................................................. 172 
USE OF PROCEEDS................................................................................................................................................. 176 
THE LEGAL REGIME OF PUBLIC SECTOR COVERED BONDS ...................................................................... 177 
TAXATION ............................................................................................................................................................... 183 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND SECONDARY MARKET ARRANGEMENTS ............................................ 194 
GENERAL INFORMATION .................................................................................................................................... 202 
DEFINITIONS ........................................................................................................................................................... 215 
ANNEX – ALTERNATIVE PERFORMANCE MEASURES ................................................................................. 232

--- Page 7 ---
7 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION RELATING TO THE USE OF THIS BASE 
PROSPECTUS AND THE OFFER OF PUBLIC SECTOR COVERED BONDS 
GENERALLY 
 
STABILISATION MANAGER 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche (as defined in Overview of the Programme), the Dealer or 
Dealers (if any) named as the stabilisation manager(s) (the “Stabilisation Manager(s)”) (or persons acting 
on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in the applicable Final Terms may over-allot Public Sector 
Covered Bonds or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market price of the Public Sector 
Covered Bonds at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail. However, there is no assurance 
that the Stabilisation Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of a Stabilisation Manager) will undertake 
any stabilisation action. Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on which adequate public 
disclosure of the terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche is made and, if begun, may be ended at any time, 
but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche and 60 days 
after the date of the allotment of the relevant Tranche. Any stabilisation action or over-allotment must be 
conducted by the relevant Stabilisation Manager(s) (or person(s) acting on behalf of any Stabilisation 
Manager(s)) in accordance with all applicable laws and rules. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Public Sector Covered Bonds includes a legend entitled “Prohibition of 
Sales to EEA Retail Investors”, the Public Sector Covered Bonds are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the EEA. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail 
client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 
(EU) 2016/97 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 January, on insurance distribution (as 
amended) (the “Insurance Distribution Directive”) where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II or (iii) not a qualified investor as 
defined in the Prospectus Regulation. Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation 
(EU) No. 1286/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 November (as amended) (the 
“PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Public Sector Covered Bonds or otherwise making them 
available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Public Sector

--- Page 8 ---
8 
Covered Bonds or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under 
the PRIIPs Regulation. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Public Sector Covered Bonds includes a legend titled “Prohibition of 
Sales to UK Retail Investors”, the Public Sector Covered Bonds are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the UK. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail 
client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No. 2017/565 as it forms part of UK domestic 
law by virtue of the EU (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”), (ii) a customer within the meaning of the 
provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (“FSMA”) and any rules or regulations made 
under the FSMA to implement the Directive (EU) 2016/97 of the European Parliament and of the Council 
of 20 January 2016 on insurance distribution, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, 
as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No. 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law 
by virtue of the EUWA, or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) No. 2017/1129 as it 
forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently, no key information document 
required by Regulation (EU) No. 1286/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA 
(the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Public Sector Covered Bonds or otherwise making 
them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Public 
Sector Covered Bonds or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful 
under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET 
A determination will be made at the time of each issue about whether, for the purpose of the product 
governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593, of 7 April (the “MiFID II Product Governance 
Rules”), any Dealer subscribing for a Tranche of Public Sector Covered Bonds is a manufacturer in respect 
of that Tranche, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealer nor any of their respective affiliates will 
be a manufacturer for the purpose of the MiFID II Product Governance Rules. The Final Terms in respect 
of any Public Sector Covered Bonds will include a legend entitled “MiFID II Product Governance” which 
will outline the product approval process of any manufacturer, the target market assessment in respect of 
the Public Sector Covered Bonds and which channels for distribution of the Public Sector Covered Bonds 
are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Public Sector Covered 
Bonds (a "Distributor") should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor

--- Page 9 ---
9 
subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Public 
Sector Covered Bonds (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels. 
BENCHMARK REGULATION 
Amounts payable under the Public Sector Covered Bonds may be calculated by reference to the Euro 
Interbank Offered Rate (“EURIBOR”) as specified in the applicable Final Terms. As at the date of this 
Base Prospectus, the administrator of EURIBOR (the European Money Markets Institute (“EMMI”)) is 
included in the register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by the ESMA pursuant 
to Article 36 of Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 (as amended, the “EU Benchmarks Regulation”).  
NOTIFICATION UNDER SECTION 309B(1)(c) OF THE SECURITIES AND FUTURES ACT 2001 
OF SINGAPORE (as amended or modified from time to time, the SFA) – Unless otherwise stated in 
the Final Terms in respect of any Public Sector Covered Bonds, all Public Sector Covered Bonds issued or 
to be issued under the Programme shall be prescribed capital markets products (as defined in the Securities 
and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore) and Excluded Investment Products 
(as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-
N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products). 
PROJECTIONS, FORECASTS AND ESTIMATES 
Forward-looking statements, including estimates, and any other projections or forecasts in this document 
are necessarily speculative in nature and some or all of the assumptions underlying the forward-looking 
statements may not materialise or may vary significantly from actual results. 
PROSPECTIVE INVESTORS SHOULD HAVE REGARD TO THE FACTORS DESCRIBED IN 
THE SECTION HEADED "RISK FACTORS" HEREIN 
The Public Sector Covered Bonds may not be a suitable investment for all investors. Each potential investor 
in Public Sector Covered Bonds must determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own 
circumstances. In particular, each potential investor should consider, either on its own or with the help of 
its financial and other professional advisers, whether it: 
(a) 
has sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Public Sector 
Covered Bonds, the merits and risks of investing in the Public Sector Covered Bonds and the 
information contained or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus or any applicable

--- Page 10 ---
10 
supplement; 
(b) 
has access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its 
particular financial situation, an investment in the Public Sector Covered Bonds and the impact the 
Public Sector Covered Bonds will have on its overall investment portfolio; 
(c) 
has sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the Public 
Sector Covered Bonds, including Public Sector Covered Bonds with principal or interest payable in 
one or more currencies, or where the currency for principal or interest payments is different from 
the currency in which such potential investor's financial activities are principally denominated; 
(d) 
understands thoroughly the terms of the Public Sector Covered Bonds and is familiar with the 
behaviour of any relevant indices and financial markets; and 
(e) 
is able to evaluate possible scenarios for economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect its 
investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks. 
Legal investment considerations may restrict certain investments. The investment activities of certain 
investors are subject to legal investment laws and regulations, or review or regulation by certain authorities. 
Each potential investor should consult its legal advisors to determine whether and to what extent (1) Public 
Sector Covered Bonds are legal investments for it, (2) Public Sector Covered Bonds can be used as collateral 
for various types of borrowing and (3) other restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of any Public Sector 
Covered Bonds. Financial institutions should consult their legal advisors or the appropriate regulators to 
determine the appropriate treatment of Public Sector Covered Bonds under any applicable risk-based capital 
or similar rules. 
ALTERNATIVE PERFORMANCE MEASURES 
This Base Prospectus and the documents incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus contain certain 
management measures of performance or alternative performance measures (“APMs”), which are used by 
management to evaluate the Issuer’s overall performance. These APMs are not audited, reviewed or subject 
to review by the Issuer’s auditors and are not measurements required by, or presented in accordance with, 
International Financial Reporting Standards as adopted by the EU (“IFRS-EU”). Accordingly, these APMs 
should not be considered as alternatives to any performance measures prepared in accordance with IFRS-
EU.

--- Page 11 ---
11 
Many of these APMs are based on the Issuer’s internal estimates, assumptions, calculations, and 
expectations of future results and there can be no guarantee that these results will actually be achieved. 
Accordingly, investors are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these APMs. 
Furthermore, these APMs, as used by the Issuer, may not be comparable to other similarly-titled measures 
used by other companies. Investors should not consider such APMs in isolation, as alternatives to the 
information calculated in accordance with IFRS-EU, as indications of operating performance or as measures 
of the Issuer’s profitability or liquidity. Such APMs must be considered only in addition to, and not as a 
substitute for or superior to, financial information prepared in accordance with IFRS-EU and investors are 
advised to review these APMs in conjunction with the audited consolidated annual financial statements 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. 
The description (including definitions, explanations and reconciliations) of all APMs are set out in the 
“Alternative Performance Measures” section of the first half 2024 Report with limited review (reports on 
the condensed interim financial statements) of the Issuer which is incorporated by reference into this Base 
Prospectus and in Annex – Alternative Performance Measures.

--- Page 12 ---
12 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following overview does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified in its entirety 
by, the remainder of this Base Prospectus and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any particular 
tranche of Public Sector Covered Bonds, the applicable Final Terms. 
Words and expressions defined in “Terms and Conditions of the Public Sector Covered Bonds” shall have 
the same meanings in this overview. 
Issuer: 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI):  
Banco BPI, S.A. 
3DM5DPGI3W6OU6GJ4N92. 
Risk Factors: 
There are certain risk factors that may affect the 
Issuer’s ability to fulfil its obligations under the 
Public Sector Covered Bonds issued under the 
Programme. These are set out under the “Risk 
Factors” section and include certain specific and 
relevant risks related to the Issuer and the Public 
Sector Covered Bonds. 
Description: 
€2,000,000,000 Public Sector Covered Bonds 
Programme. 
Arranger: 
Banco BPI, S.A. 
Dealer(s): 
Banco BPI, S.A. and any additional Dealer 
appointed under the Programme from time to time 
by the Issuer. 
Common Representative: 
Bondholders, S.L., in its capacity as representative 
of the holders of the Public Sector Covered Bonds 
pursuant to Article 28 of the Legal Regime of 
Public Sector Covered Bonds in accordance with 
the Terms and Conditions and the terms of the 
Common Representative Appointment Agreement, 
having its head office at Avenida de Francia, 17, A,

--- Page 13 ---
13 
1, 46023 Valencia, Spain, or any successor 
common representative appointed by a meeting of 
the holders of Public Sector Covered Bonds. 
Paying Agent(s): 
Banco BPI, S.A. and any other paying agents 
named in the Agency and Payments Procedures 
together with any successor or additional paying 
agents appointed from time to time in connection 
with the Public Sector Covered Bonds under the 
Agency and Payments Procedures. 
Cover Pool Monitor: 
Deloitte & Associados, SROC, SA, member of the 
Portuguese Institute of Statutory Auditors (Ordem 
dos Revisores Oficiais de Contas) under number 
43, registered with the CMVM with registration 
number 20161389, with its head office at Avenida 
Engenheiro Duarte Pacheco, no. 7 1070-100 
Lisboa. See Cover Pool Monitor. 
Final Terms: 
The Public Sector Covered Bonds issued under the 
Programme may be issued pursuant to this Base 
Prospectus and its associated Final Terms. The 
terms and conditions applicable to any particular 
Tranche of Public Sector Covered Bonds will be 
the Terms and Conditions of the Public Sector 
Covered Bonds as completed and to the extent 
described in the relevant Final Terms. 
Maximum period during which Public Sector 
Covered Bonds may be issued under the 
Programme: 
Until 30 June 2028.

--- Page 14 ---
14 
Size: 
The maximum aggregate nominal amount of all 
Public Sector Covered Bonds from time to time 
outstanding under the Programme will not exceed 
€2,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other 
currencies calculated as described herein), subject 
to increase as described in this Based Prospectus. 
Issuance in Series: 
The Public Sector Covered Bonds under the 
Programme are issued in series (each a Series) 
which may comprise one or more tranches (each a 
Tranche) of Public Sector Covered Bonds which 
are (i) expressed to be consolidated and form a 
single series and (ii) identical in all respects 
(including as to listing) except for their respective 
Issue Dates, Interest Commencement Dates, 
interest rates and/or Issue Prices. 
Currency/ies: 
The Specified Currency (to be specified in the 
applicable Final Terms in relation to the Public 
Sector Covered Bonds). 
Maturities: 
Such maturities as may be agreed between the 
Issuer and the Dealer(s) and as indicated in the 
applicable Final Terms, subject to such minimum 
or maximum maturities as may be allowed or 
required from time to time by any laws or 
regulations applicable to the Issuer or the Specified 
Currency. 
The applicable Final Terms may provide that an 
Extended Maturity Date applies to a Series of the 
Public Sector Covered Bonds and shall correspond 
to at least one year after the applicable Maturity

--- Page 15 ---
15 
Date, provided that in any case the Issuer may not 
select an Extended Maturity Date in the applicable 
Final Terms that would entail that such Series of 
Public Sector Covered Bonds would benefit from 
an earlier Extended Maturity Date vis-à-vis another 
Series of Public Sector Covered Bonds with an 
earlier Maturity Date. If an Extended Maturity Date 
is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
maturity of the relevant Series of Public Sector 
Covered Bonds will be automatically extended to 
the Extended Maturity Date if either (i) the Issuer 
fails to redeem the relevant Series of Public Sector 
Covered Bonds on the applicable Maturity Date 
and it is foreseeable (as determined by the Issuer) 
that such failure will continue for 5 Business Days 
thereafter or (ii) the authorisation of the Issuer as a 
credit institution is revoked by the competent 
banking supervisory authority, and in each case 
notice thereof has been (or, in the case of (ii), is 
subsequently) given to the CMVM, all as further 
described in Condition 6.7 (Extension of Maturity 
up to Extended Maturity Date) of the Terms and 
Conditions. If within 10 calendar days of receiving 
such notice, CMVM objects to such extension of 
maturity, the extension of maturity will then cease 
to apply and the relevant Series of Public Sector 
Covered Bonds will be redeemed on the applicable 
Maturity Date or (if the date such objection is 
received by the Issuer from CMVM is after the 
applicable Maturity Date) the Extension Cessation 
Date.

--- Page 16 ---
16 
In respect of any Series of Public Sector Covered 
Bonds, in case of liquidation or resolution of the 
Issuer, no extension to an Extended Maturity Date 
will (i) affect the ranking between any holders of 
Public Sector Covered Bonds or (ii) invert the 
sequencing of the original maturity schedule of 
Public Sector Covered Bonds. See Condition 6.7 
(Extension of Maturity up to Extended Maturity 
Date) of the Terms and Conditions. 
Specified Denomination: 
Public Sector Covered Bonds will be issued in such 
denominations as may be specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, subject to compliance with 
all applicable legal and/or regulatory requirements, 
having each Public Sector Covered Bond a 
minimum denomination of €100,000. 
Method of Issue: 
The Public Sector Covered Bonds will be issued in 
one or more Series (which may be issued on the 
same date or which may be issued in more than one 
Tranche on different dates). The Public Sector 
Covered Bonds may be issued in Tranches on a 
continuous basis, subject to compliance with all 
applicable laws, regulations and directives.  
Use of proceeds: 
The net proceeds resulting from each issue of 
Public Sector Covered Bonds will be applied by the 
Issuer for its general corporate purposes. 
Selling restrictions: 
There are restrictions on the distribution of this 
Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Public 
Sector Covered Bonds, namely in the United States, 
the EEA (including Belgium), the UK, Singapore,

--- Page 17 ---
17 
Switzerland and Japan (See Subscription and Sale 
and Secondary Market Arrangements). 
Form of Public Sector Covered Bonds: 
The Public Sector Covered Bonds held through 
accounts of Affiliate Members of Interbolsa will be 
represented in dematerialised book-entry form 
(“forma escritural”) and will be registered Public 
Sector Covered Bonds (“nominativas”). 
Registration, clearing and settlement: 
The Public Sector Covered Bonds will be held 
through a central securities depositary (CSD) 
which will be the Portuguese domestic CSD, 
Interbolsa. The Public Sector Covered Bonds will 
be registered in the relevant issue account opened 
by the Issuer with Interbolsa and will be held in 
control accounts by the Affiliate Members of 
Interbolsa on behalf of the relevant holders. Such 
control accounts will reflect at all times the 
aggregate number of Public Sector Covered Bonds 
held in the individual securities accounts opened by 
the clients of the Affiliate Members of Interbolsa 
(which may include Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg). The transfer of Public Sector 
Covered Bonds and their beneficial interests will be 
made through Interbolsa as well. 
Title: 
Title to the Public Sector Covered Bonds will be 
evidenced by book entries in accordance with the 
provisions of the Portuguese Securities Code, the 
applicable CMVM regulations and Interbolsa 
regulations.

--- Page 18 ---
18 
Issue Price(s): 
The Public Sector Covered Bonds to be issued on 
or after the date hereof will be issued in a 
denomination per unit equal to or higher than 
€100,000 (or its equivalent in another currency) as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Interest: 
Public Sector Covered Bonds may be interest-
bearing. Interest may accrue at a fixed rate or a 
floating rate depending on the Interest Basis shown 
and as specified in the Final Terms (see Terms and 
Conditions of the Public Sector Covered Bonds). 
Fixed Rate Public Sector Covered Bonds: 
Fixed Rate Public Sector Covered Bonds may be 
issued depending upon the Interest Basis shown 
and as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Each Fixed Rate Public Sector Covered Bond bears 
interest on its Principal Amount Outstanding from 
(and including) the Interest Commencement Date 
at the rate(s) per annum equal to the rate(s) of 
interest.  
Interest will be payable in arrear on the Interest 
Payment Date(s) in each year up to (and including) 
the Maturity Date (as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms). 
Floating Rate Public Sector Covered Bonds: 
Public Sector Covered Bonds may provide for 
interest based on floating rate, each Floating Rate 
Public Sector Covered Bond (as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms) bears interest on its 
Principal 
Amount 
Outstanding 
from 
(and

--- Page 19 ---
19 
including) the Interest Commencement Date and 
such interest will be payable in arrears on either: 
(i) the Specified Interest Payment Date(s) in each 
year specified in the applicable Final Terms; or 
(ii) if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, each 
date which falls the number of months or other 
period specified as the Specified Period in the 
applicable Final Terms after the preceding 
Interest Payment Date or, in the case of the first 
Interest Payment Date, after the Interest 
Commencement Date (see Condition 4 
(Interest) of the Terms and Conditions of the 
Public Sector Covered Bonds). 
Zero Coupon Public Sector Covered Bonds: 
Zero Coupon Public Sector Covered Bonds may be 
issued depending upon the Interest Basis shown 
and as specified in the applicable Final Terms (see 
Terms and Conditions of the Public Sector Covered 
Bonds). 
Interest period and interest rates: 
The length of the interest periods for the Public 
Sector Covered Bonds, as applicable, and the 
applicable interest rate or its method of calculation 
may differ from time to time or as set out in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
Listing and admission to trading: 
In respect of Public Sector Covered Bonds which 
are intended to be listed, application will be made 
to Euronext, or such other or further stock 
exchange(s) or markets (including regulated 
markets) as may be agreed between the Issuer and

--- Page 20 ---
20 
the relevant Dealer, for the admission of Public 
Sector Covered Bonds issued under the Programme 
to trading on the regulated market of Euronext 
Lisbon or such other or further stock exchange(s) 
or markets (including regulated markets) as may be 
agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer. 
Public 
Sector 
Covered 
Bonds 
may, 
after 
notification by the CMVM to the supervision 
authority of the relevant Member State(s) of the EU 
in accordance with Article 25 of the Prospectus 
Regulation, be admitted to trading on the regulated 
market(s) of and/or be admitted to listing on stock 
exchange(s) of any other Member States of the 
EEA. Public Sector Covered Bonds which are 
neither listed nor admitted to trading on any market 
may also be issued under the Programme. The 
applicable Final Terms will state whether or not the 
relevant Public Sector Covered Bonds are to be 
listed and/or admitted to trading and, if so, on 
which 
stock 
exchange(s) 
and/or 
regulated 
market(s). 
Status of the Public Sector Covered Bonds: 
The Public Sector Covered Bonds will be direct, 
unconditional and senior obligations of the Issuer 
and rank equally with all other public sector 
covered bonds issued or to be issued by the Issuer. 
The Public Sector Covered Bonds will qualify as 
public sector covered bonds for the purposes of the 
Legal Regime of Public Sector Covered Bonds. 
Payments: 
Payments of principal and interest in respect of 
Public Sector Covered Bonds may only be made in

--- Page 21 ---
21 
Euro, United States dollar, Japanese yen and Swiss 
franc until such date as Interbolsa accepts 
registration and clearing of securities denominated 
in currencies other than Euro, United States dollar, 
Japanese yen and Swiss franc and will be (i) 
credited, according to the procedures and 
regulations of Interbolsa, by the Paying Agent 
(acting on behalf of the Issuer) to the payment 
current-accounts held in the payment system of the 
Bank of Portugal by the Affiliate Members of 
Interbolsa whose control accounts with Interbolsa 
are credited with such Public Sector Covered 
Bonds and thereafter (ii) credited by such Affiliate 
Members of Interbolsa from the aforementioned 
payment current-accounts to the accounts of the 
owners of those Public Sector Covered Bonds or to 
the accounts with Euroclear and Clearstream 
Luxembourg of the beneficial owners of those 
Public Sector Covered Bonds, as applicable, in 
accordance with the rules and procedures of 
Interbolsa, Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, 
as the case may be. 
(For further reference in respect of the methods of 
payment, see Condition 5.1 (Method of Payment) 
of the Terms and Conditions of the Public Sector 
Covered Bonds). 
Final redemption: 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and 
cancelled or extended as specified in Condition 6 
(Redemption and Purchase) of the Terms and 
Conditions of the Public Sector Covered Bonds, 
each Public Sector Covered Bond will be redeemed

--- Page 22 ---
22 
by the Issuer at its Final Redemption Amount 
specified in, or determined in the manner specified 
in, the applicable Final Terms, in the relevant 
Specified Currency on the Maturity Date, subject to 
Condition 6.7 (Extension of Maturity up to 
Extended Maturity Date) of the Terms and 
Conditions of the Public Sector Covered Bonds. 
Taxation: 
All payments of principal and interest in respect of 
the Public Sector Covered Bonds will be made 
subject to any legally applicable Tax withholding 
or deductions (notably in relation to residents for 
tax purposes in Portugal), except if any Tax 
withholding exemption or waiver applies, in which 
case such payments of principal and interest in 
respect of the Public Sector Covered Bonds shall be 
made free and clear of, and without withholding or 
deduction for, Taxes (investors being in any case 
required 
to 
comply 
with 
the 
applicable 
obligations). The Issuer will not be obliged to make 
any additional payments in respect of any such 
withholding or deduction imposed. In order for 
withholding tax not to apply the holders of the 
Public Sector Covered Bonds must, inter alia, 
deliver certain tax certifications.  
(For further information, see Condition 7 
(Taxation) of the Terms and Conditions of the 
Public Sector Covered Bonds). 
Rating: 
The long term/short term ratings currently assigned 
to the Issuer are Baa1/P-2 with stable outlook by

--- Page 23 ---
23 
Moody's España, BBB+/F2 with stable outlook by 
Fitch and BBB+/A-2 with stable outlook by S&P.  
The rating of certain Series of Public Sector 
Covered Bonds to be issued under the Programme 
may be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Whether or not each credit rating applied for in 
relation to or assigned to a relevant Series of Public 
Sector Covered Bonds will be (1) issued or 
endorsed by a credit rating agency established in 
the EEA and registered under the CRA Regulation 
or by a credit rating agency which is certified under 
the CRA Regulation and/or (2) issued or endorsed 
by a credit rating agency established in the UK and 
registered under the UK CRA Regulation or by a 
credit rating agency which is certified under the UK 
CRA Regulation will be disclosed in the applicable 
Final Terms.  
The rating of Public Sector Covered Bonds will not 
necessarily be the same as the rating applicable to 
the Issuer. A credit rating is not a recommendation 
to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to 
revision, suspension or withdrawal at any time by 
the assigning rating organisation. A rating 
addresses the likelihood that the holders of the 
Public Sector Covered Bonds will receive timely 
payments of interest and ultimate repayment of 
principal at the Maturity Date or the Extended 
Maturity Date, as applicable. 
Prescription: 
The Public Sector Covered Bonds will become void 
unless presented for payment within 20 years (in

--- Page 24 ---
24 
the case of principal) and 5 years (in the case of 
interest) in each case from the Relevant Date 
thereof, subject in each case to the provisions of 
Condition 5 (Payments). 
Events of default: 
Insolvency Event. See Condition 9 (Insolvency 
Event and Enforcement) of the Terms and 
Conditions of the Public Sector Covered Bonds. 
Further issues: 
The Issuer shall be at liberty from time to time 
without the consent of the holders of Public Sector 
Covered Bonds to create and issue further securities 
with the same terms and conditions of the Public 
Sector Covered Bonds of any Series or the same in 
all respects save for the amount and date of the first 
payment of interest thereon, issue date and/or 
purchase price and so that the same shall be 
consolidated and form a single Series with the 
outstanding Public Sector Covered Bonds of such 
Series. 
Governing law: 
The 
Common 
Representative 
Appointment 
Agreement, the Agency and Payments Procedures, 
the Public Sector Covered Bonds, and the other 
Programme Documents and any non-contractual 
obligations in connection therewith are governed 
by, and shall be construed in accordance with, 
Portuguese law unless specifically stated to the 
contrary.

--- Page 25 ---
25 
RISK FACTORS 
The Issuer believes that the following factors may significantly affect its ability to fulfil its obligations under 
Public Sector Covered Bonds issued under the Programme. All of these factors are contingencies which 
may or may not occur and the Issuer is not in a position to express a view on the likelihood of any such 
contingency occurring.  
The Issuer believes that the factors described below represent the principal risks inherent in investing in 
Public Sector Covered Bonds issued under the Programme, but the inability of the Issuer to pay interest, 
principal or other amounts on or in connection with any Public Sector Covered Bonds may be jeopardised 
by other causes which may not be considered significant risks by the Issuer based on information currently 
available or which the Issuer may not currently be able to anticipate. Prospective investors should also read 
the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base Prospectus or incorporated by reference herein and 
reach their own views prior to making any investment decision. 
Consequently, the risks and uncertainties discussed below are those that the Issuer views as material, 
specific and relevant for an investor to make an informed decision and are supported by the content of this 
Base Prospectus, but these risks and uncertainties are not the only ones faced by it. Emerging risks and 
uncertainties, including risks that are not known to the Issuer at present or that the Issuer currently deems 
immaterial, may also arise or become material in the future, which could lead to a decline in the value of 
the Public Sector Covered Bonds and a loss of part or all of the investment made by any Public Sector 
Covered Bond holder. 
In addition, factors which are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with Public 
Sector Covered Bonds issued under the Programme are also described below. 
In particular, potential Public Sector Covered Bonds holders are alerted to the statements under "Taxation" 
regarding the tax treatment in Portugal of income in respect of Public Sector Covered Bonds. Prospective 
investors must seek their own advice to ensure that they comply with all applicable procedures and to ensure 
the correct tax treatment of their Public Sector Covered Bond.  
The risk factors have been organised into the following categories: 
• 
Risk Factors relating to the Issuer: 
- 
Risks relating to the Economic and Financial Environment; 
- 
Risks relating to the Issuer’s Business; and

--- Page 26 ---
26 
- 
Legal and Regulatory Risks; 
• 
Risk Factors specific to the Public Sector Covered Bonds; and 
• 
Risks specific to the Cover Pool. 
The Issuer has assessed the relative materiality of the risk factors based on the probability of their occurrence 
and the expected magnitude of their negative impact. The order of the categories does not imply that any 
category of risk is more material than any other category. Within each category, the most material risks, in 
the assessment of the Issuer, are set out first.  
1. 
RISK FACTORS RELATING TO THE ISSUER 
Risks relating to the Economic and Financial Environment 
Risks arising from changes in the Portuguese economy and current uncertainties in the macroeconomic 
context 
As the Issuer currently conducts most of its business in Portugal, its performance is influenced by the level 
and cyclical nature of business activity in Portugal, which is in turn affected by both domestic and 
international economic and political events. Thus, a decline in Portuguese economic activity may have a 
material effect on the Issuer’s financial condition and on the results of its operations. A deterioration in 
Portugal’s international economic performance and/or uncertainty regarding domestic political processes or 
any implemented political measures may also have a material effect on the Issuer’s financial condition and 
on the results of its operations. 
A weaker international economic outlook, a potential increase in geopolitical uncertainty and trade tensions, 
unexptected changes of economic policy measures (both in the monetary and fiscal fields) and/or the de-
anchoring of long-term inflation expectations pose additional challenges to the stability of the global 
financial system and to the Portuguese economy.  
The risks identified may interact together and, should they materialise, mutually enhance one another, with 
a negative impact, notably, on (i) the Issuer’s cost of funding and its ability to issue Notes under the 
Programme; and (ii) the Portuguese economy, which in turn would have a negative impact on the business 
of the Issuer.  
The Issuer’s business activities (including mortgage lending activities) are dependent on the level of banking 
and financial services required by its customers and borrowers in Portugal, which are, in turn, influenced

--- Page 27 ---
27 
by the evolution of economic activity, saving levels, investment and employment. Levels of borrowing are 
particularly dependent on customer confidence, employment trends, the shape of the Portuguese economy 
and market interest rates.  
The current economic environment is still a source of challenge for the Issuer, which may be adversely 
affected in terms of its business, reputation, financial condition, and results of operations or prospects. The 
adverse macroeconomic conditions in Portugal have significantly affected, and may continue to adversely 
affect, the behaviour and financial situation of the Issuer's clients, and, consequently, the supply and demand 
of the products and services that the Issuer has to offer.  
The Portuguese economy advanced 1,5% in homologous terms in 1H24, below the pace observed in the 
previous semester reflecting a feeble economic environment among the main trade partners of Portugal and 
still restrictive monetary policy. However, it is probable that during the rest of the year we assist to an 
acceleration of the pace of growth, benefiting from the disinflation process, less restrictive financing 
conditions associated to the recent beginning of the monetary policy easing cycle, and the implementation 
or European Funds. These factors are expected to promote a more benign environment for both domestic 
and foreign demand. Internally, a still resilient labour market and gains in terms of real wages are also 
important supporters for growth. The Portuguese economy is also expected to benefit from fund receiving 
regarding Next Generation funds during the period between 2024 and 2026. In this scenario, Portugal is 
expected to grow 1,6 per cent. in 2024, 2,1 per cent. in 2025 and 2,2 per cent. in 2026. Inflation is expected 
to decline further, falling from 5,3 per cent. in 2023 to 2,6 per cent. this year, 2,0 per cent. in 2025 and 2,0 
per cent. in 2026 (Source: Bank of Portugal, Economic Bulletin, October 2024). 
The euro area economic activity expanded very moderately in 2023 and is expected to continue feeble in 
2024. In the 2Q24 GDP increased 0,2% on a quarterly basis and most recent survey data suggest that the 
economy may not accelerate significantly until the end of the year. However, prospects for 2025 are 
somewhat more optimistic as economic agents should experience some relief associated to a less restrictive 
monetary policy. Additionally, the non-materialization of disruptions in the supply of energy resources and 
the considerable decline in energy prices favoured the moderation of price pressures, being important factors 
supporting growth. In this scenario, the euro area is expected to grow 0,8 per cent. in 2024 and 1,4 per cent. 
in 2025. Prospects for inflation, measured by the Harmonised Index of Consumer Prices (“HICP”), are 
benign and the gradual disinflation process is seen to prosecute. In 2024, annual inflation is expected to 
decelerate to 2,5 per cent. and to 2,1 per cent. in 2025. (Source: European Commission, Spring 2024 
Economic Forecast).

--- Page 28 ---
28 
Risks both for Portuguese and for the euro zone economies mainly rely in the external front and are 
associated to geopolitical factors, namely the war in Ukraine and more recently the situation in the Middle 
East, specifically the war involving Israel, Palestine and Lebanon, raising risks of disruptions mainly in the 
commodities market with impact on prices, which materialization may halt the disinflationary process, 
maintaining financial conditions in restrictive field, limiting activity of economic agents. Additionally, the 
results of the November 2024 elections in the US are also a source of risk as the Republican candidacy is 
associated to more aggressive policies in terms of international trade (Mr Trump has declared that tariffs 
will be imposed and aggravated globally, for instance) and more uncertain support to the Ukrainian position. 
These risks may imply higher inflation rates, monetary policy more restrictive, curbing economic activity. 
On the upside, risks are more limited, but are mainly associated with a stronger than expected performance 
of private consumption, as the labour market remains resilient globally.  
The macroeconomic conditions in Portugal, and their impact on the banking sector in Portugal, could have 
a material adverse effect in terms of its business, reputation, financial condition, and results of operations 
or prospects of the Issuer. 
Risks to financial stability 
The main risks and vulnerabilities to financial stability are (source: Bank of Portugal, Financial Stability 
Report, May 2024): 
o Geopolitical tensions, associated to the war in Ukraine and the Middle East weighs on international 
trade flows and has an impact on economic activity. The strategic security considerations that can 
support the economic and financial fragmentation of the global economy and jeopardise a more 
inclusive re-globalisation process . It can also have disruptive effects on international financial 
markets, leading to asset devaluations and increases in risk premia; 
o In addition, there is a risk that the ongoing adjustment in the Chinese real estate market could have 
a more pronounced negative impact on its economy, with repercussions for the global economy. 
o 
Maintaining monetary conditions tight for longer and/or longer than anticipated effects impacts 
economic and financial conditions. The conduct of monetary policy should consider the synergies 
achieved through a global coordinated response, but it should also take into account the underlying 
reality in each economic area, which may require differentiated responses to reduce the risks of 
excessive tightening.

--- Page 29 ---
29 
o 
At national level, a scenario of heightened policymaking uncertainty stands out, within the framework 
of a new model for European budgetary rules, which will pose new challenges to fiscal policy. 
o 
Risks associated with the general government’s financial position of have been decreasing, driven by 
fiscal consolidation and the downward trend of the public debt-to-GDP ratio, as reflected in the 
Republic’s ratings upgrades. However, debt is still high. In this way, general government is exposed 
to persistently higher interest rates and volatility in international financial markets, which may spill 
over to other resident sectors by contagion in their risk assessments. 
o 
Firms have continued to improve their capital ratio and to reduce indebtedness. Corporate profitability 
has withstood the increase in debt servicing. In the past year, there has been no material increase in 
insolvencies and the quality of credit granted to firms has not deteriorated. In any event, the 
cumulative effect of maintaining high interest rates on economic activity and financing costs, together 
with possible increases in production costs and supply chain disruptions, could trigger the 
materialisation of credit risk, particularly for the most vulnerable firms. 
o 
Households also saw a decline in their indebtedness ratio, following a trend that started in 2010. The 
improvement in the risk profile of loans to households has benefited from the macroprudential 
Recommendation introduced in 2018, including limits to the debt service-to-income (DSTI) ratio as 
one of the criteria for approving new loans. Amid rising interest rates, household default mitigation 
has also benefited from a strong labour market and higher real disposable income. 
o 
A scenario of protracted tight monetary policy and worsening economic conditions may also lead to 
lower real estate market prices through their impact on demand. However, the effects on the 
Portuguese banking system should be contained. The share of banks’ housing loan portfolios with 
high loan-to-value (LTV) ratios is small, lessening the impact of a potential drop in house prices. In 
the commercial segment, the banking sector’s exposure is contained. 
o 
Finally, the materialisation of market and credit risks to the banking sector. 
Factors such as interest rates, security prices, credit spreads, liquidity spreads, exchange rates, consumer 
spending, changes in client behaviour, business investment, real estate values and private equity valuations, 
government spending, inflation or deflation, the volatility and strength of the capital markets, political 
events and trends, war, terrorism, pandemics and epidemics or other widespread health emergencies all 
impact the economy and financial markets, whether directly or indirectly, including by increasing the 
sovereign debt of certain countries and intensifying volatility and widening credit spreads, which could in

--- Page 30 ---
30 
turn have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s business, results and financial condition, and its ability to 
access capital and liquidity on acceptable financial terms. 
These factors, among other things, may restrict the European economic recovery and the global economy, 
with a corresponding effect on the Issuer’s business, results of operations and financial conditions. 
Risks arising from the ongoing developments between Russia and Ukraine may have a corresponding 
effect on the Issuer’s business, results of operations and financial condition 
Direct consequences of this conflict are more tamed at the moment as energy and other commodity supplies 
previously coming from the two countries in conflict have been redistributed, world chain commercial 
tensions have abated, disinflation is advancing orderly in advanced economies and central banks started to 
reduce the restrictiveness of monetary policy. However, the war is still progressing and further 
developments are greatly uncertain. If it intensifies somehow, consequences are difficult to predict. Any 
further escalation of this conflict may increasingly affect policies on trade, production, duties and taxation 
globally, and further disrupt supply chains across Europe. The Russia-Ukraine conflict has already had a 
direct impact on the global economy and financial markets, causing commodity price volatility, increased 
inflation, problems related to the massive inflow of Ukrainian refugees, increased funding costs and 
execution risks related to debt issuance in the capital markets and the valuation of bonds in bank portfolios. 
The uncertainty caused by these and other events and trends has resulted in, and may continue to result in, 
increased volatility in the financial markets and a deterioration of the economic capacity of the Issuer’s 
counterparties, which could ultimately reduce the availability of funds. Any consequent losses experienced 
by the Issuer could adversely affect its business activities, financial condition and results of operations. 
Risks arising from the conflicts in the Middle East may have a corresponding effect on the Issuer’s 
business, results of operations and financial condition 
At the moment, the conflicts appear geographically located, but it is a volatile conflict with a high potential 
for destabilization. The main channels of contagion for the world economy, in general, and for the euro 
zone, in particular, would be via expectations and energy prices. At the moment, energy markets are not 
showing signs of alarm: crude oil remains quite stable and seems to react more to signs of a global economic 
slowdown; and the price of gas is more sensitive to variations in its own market fundamentals and weather 
forecasts; the fact that gas reserves in Europe continue at comfortable levels keeps reassuring markets and 
has been behind recent calmness.

--- Page 31 ---
31 
The uncertainty caused by these and other events and trends has resulted in, and may continue to result in, 
increased volatility in the financial markets and a deterioration of the economic capacity of the Issuer’s 
counterparties, which could ultimately reduce the availability of funds. Any consequent losses experienced 
by the Issuer could adversely affect its business activities, financial condition and results of operations. 
Risks relating to the Issuer’s business 
The inability of clients and other counterparties to meet their financial obligations or the Issuer’s 
inability to fully enforce its rights against counterparties could have a material adverse effect on the 
Issuer’s results 
The Issuer is exposed to the credit risk of its customers, to concentration risk in its credit exposure and to 
the credit risk of its other counterparties. Risks arising from adverse changes in credit quality and the 
recoverability of loans and amounts due from borrowers and counterparties are inherent in a wide range of 
the Issuer’s businesses. Adverse changes in the credit quality of the Issuer’s borrowers and counterparties 
or a general deterioration in Portuguese or global economic conditions, or arising from systemic risks in 
financial systems, could affect recovery and, accordingly, the value of the Issuer’s assets and require an 
increase in the Issuer’s provision for credit impairment and other related provisions, and accordingly would 
have a material adverse effect on the financial condition, capital position and results of the Issuer.  
In addition, the Issuer is subject to the risk that its rights against third parties may not be enforceable in all 
circumstances. The deterioration or perceived deterioration in the credit quality of third parties whose 
securities or obligations the Issuer holds could result in losses and/ or adversely affect its ability to 
rehypothecate or otherwise use those securities or obligations for liquidity purposes. The termination of 
contracts and the foreclosure on collateral may subject the Issuer to claims. Bankruptcies, downgrades, lack 
of liquidity, inflation rates and disputes with counterparties as to the valuation of collateral tend to increase 
in times of market stress and illiquidity. Any of these developments or losses could materially and adversely 
affect the Issuer’s business and results. 
As at 30 June 2024, the Issuer’s total credit risk exposure was €39,392 million, (compared to €37,431 million 
as at 31 December 2023). The balance of Non-Performing Exposures (“NPEs”) amounted to €539 million 
as at 30 June 2024 (compared to €560 million as at 31 December 2023), representing 1.4 per cent. of the 
Issuer’s gross credit exposure (EBA criteria).

--- Page 32 ---
32 
Market Risk faced by the Issuer could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s results 
The Issuer’s businesses by their nature, do not produce predictable earnings and are materially affected by 
conditions in the global financial markets and economic conditions generally, both directly and through 
their impact on client activity levels and creditworthiness. 
Market risk reflects the potential loss that can be registered in a given asset portfolio as a result of changes 
in the market interest, interest rate, inflation and exchange rates and/or in the market prices of the various 
financial instruments which comprise that asset portfolio, taking into account the correlation and volatilities 
between those assets. 
Risk analysis and management is performed on an integrated basis, involving the whole Group, by BPI’s 
risk division. 
It is difficult to predict with accuracy changes in economic or market conditions and to anticipate the effects 
that such changes could have on the Issuer’s financial condition and results of operations. 
The most significant market risk the Issuer faces is the interest rate risk. Changes in interest rate levels, yield 
curves and spreads may affect the interest rate margin realised between lending and borrowing costs. The 
Issuer has implemented risk management policies to mitigate and control this and other market risks to 
which the Issuer is exposed and such exposures are constantly measured and monitored. However, it is 
difficult to accurately predict changes in economic or market conditions and to anticipate their effects on 
the Issuer’s business activity, financial condition and the results of its operations. 
A significant downward movement in global capital markets could have an adverse impact on activity, 
results and on the value of the assets comprising the Issuer’s investment portfolio, as well as on the value 
of the assets that comprise its pension fund portfolio. If the value of the assets in the Issuer's pension fund 
deteriorates, the Issuer may be required to make additional contributions to the fund and, consequently, this 
may have a negative impact on the Issuer’s ability to allocate its net profit to the development of its business 
activity.  
Volatility in interest rates or monetary policy could adversely affect the Issuer’s business  
Interest rates are sensitive to many factors beyond the Issuer’s control, including monetary policies 
implemented by the ECB, as well as domestic and international economic and political conditions. Central 
banks’ interest rate cuts could also lead to a further compression of interest spreads. Overall, significant 
drops in interest rates can be expected to have an adverse effect on the Issuer's net interest income and 
continued low interest rates will make it more difficult to achieve growth. On the other hand, higher interest

--- Page 33 ---
33 
rates could lead to certain borrowers becoming unable to service their debts, resulting in a higher proportion 
of non-performing loans. 
Inflationary pressures had significantly increased since 2021 and especially in 2022 and 2023, as a result of 
the Russia-Ukraine conflict. In this context, several central banks, including the ECB, signalled the need to 
accelerate the removal of monetary policy stimuli. In addition to the high volatility seen in the interest rate 
markets and in financial markets globally, with a general rise in risk premia, the prospect of a sharp increase 
in interest rates has generated fears of deceleration or even contraction in global economic activity. 
A rise in interest rates could reduce customer demand for credit, which could in turn reduce the Issuer’s 
ability to originate credit for its customers, as well as contribute to an increase in the default rate of its 
customers. 
After almost 7 years of negative EURIBOR rates, on 21 July 2022, the ECB decided to raise euro area 
interest rates by 50 basis points, i.e., 0.5 per cent., in an effort to curb the record inflation prevailing in the 
eurozone. However, EURIBOR rates were already in positive territory before the ECB’s decision. The 12-
month rate turned positive in April 2022, with the 6-month and 3-month rates reaching that threshold in 
June and mid-July, respectively. Throughout 2022 and 2023, the ECB has consistently raised the euro area 
interest rates. Further, on 7 March 2024, the ECB decided to keep the euro area interest rates unchanged.  
In 2024, the ECB lowered interest rates two times by 25 basis points, based on the assessment of improved 
inflation outlook, as underlying inflation eased, and inflation expectations declined. However, uncertainty 
remains and inflation could be higher and more persistent than expected, forcing the ECB to pause the 
ongoing gradual easing of monetary tightening. Further interest rate cuts are expected from central banks in 
Europe and the US for 2024 and 2025, but expectations on the level of interest rates in the coming years are 
still uncertain, which translates into significant volatility in the market. In addition to the high volatility in 
the interest rate markets and in financial markets globally, with a general rise in risk premia, the perspective 
of maintenance of high interest rates for a prolonged period have also generated fears of deceleration or 
even contraction in global economic activity, which could in turn favour a reduction of interest rates. 
If the Issuer is unable, for any reason, to re-price or adjust the rates on its interest earning assets, in response 
to changes in rates on its interest-bearing liabilities, in an expedited or effective manner, as a result of 
economic or other reasons, the Issuer’s interest income margins would be adversely affected, which may in 
turn negatively affect its business and financial performance.

--- Page 34 ---
34 
Operational Risks faced by the Issuer such as systems disruptions or failures, breaches of security, cyber-
attacks, human error, changes in operational practices, inadequate controls including in respect of third 
parties with which the Issuer does business, may adversely impact its reputation, business and results 
Operational risk represents the risk of losses or of a negative impact on the relationship with clients or other 
stakeholders resulting from inadequate or negligent application of internal procedures, or from people 
behaviour, information systems, or external events. Operational risk also includes the business/strategic risk 
(i.e., the risk of losses through fluctuations in volume, business, earnings, prices or costs) and legal risk (i.e., 
the risk of losses arising from non-compliance with the regulations in force or resulting from legal action). 
The Issuer's business is dependent on its ability to process a very large number of transactions efficiently 
and accurately. Operational risk and losses can result from fraud, errors by employees, failure to document 
transactions properly or to obtain proper internal authorisation, failure to comply with regulatory 
requirements and conduct of business rules, equipment failures (including due to a computer virus or a 
failure to anticipate or prevent cyber-attacks or other attempts to gain unauthorised access to digital systems 
for purposes of misappropriating assets or sensitive information, corrupting data, or impairing operational 
performance, or security breaches by third parties), natural disasters or the failure of external systems such 
as, for example, those of the Issuer's suppliers or counterparties.  
In addition, the Issuer and its activities are increasingly dependent on highly sophisticated information 
technology (IT) systems. IT systems are vulnerable to a number of problems, such as software or hardware 
malfunctions, computer viruses, hacking and physical damage to vital IT centers. IT systems need regular 
upgrading and banks, including the Issuer, may not be able to implement necessary upgrades on a timely 
basis or upgrades may fail to function as planned. Furthermore, failure to protect financial industry 
operations from cyberattacks could result in the loss or compromise of customer data or other sensitive 
information. A breach of sensitive customer data, such as account numbers, could have a significant 
reputational impact and significant legal and/or regulatory costs for the Issuer. These threats are increasingly 
sophisticated and any failure to execute the Issuer’s risk management and control policies successfully, 
particularly, any loss in the integrity and resilience of key systems and processes, data thefts, cyber-attacks, 
denial of service attacks or breaches of data protection requirements, may adversely affect the Issuer’s 
business, reputation, financial condition and results of operation or prospects.  
The Issuer's risk and exposure to these matters remains heightened because of the evolving nature and 
complexity of these threats from cybercriminals and hackers, its plans to continue to provide internet 
banking and mobile banking channels, and its plans to develop additional remote connectivity solutions to

--- Page 35 ---
35 
serve its customers. The Issuer may incur increasing costs in seeking to minimise these risks and could be 
held liable for any security breach or data loss.  
Liquidity risk faced by the Issuer which may depend on the ECB for funding 
Liquidity risk reflects the risk of the inability of the Issuer to fulfil its payment obligations upon maturity 
without significant losses arising from a deterioration of the financing conditions (financing risk) and/or 
from the sale of its assets for a value below market values (market liquidity risk).  
The Issuer’s practices reflect the utilisation of diversified financing sources, focusing on stable sources, in 
particular deposits, as well as the maintenance of highly liquid assets, which comply with the ECB’s 
eligibility criteria. 
Basel III recommendations endorse the implementation of short and medium/long-term liquidity coverage 
ratios, known as Liquidity Coverage Ratio (“LCR”) and Net Stable Funding Ratio (“NSFR”). The LCR 
addresses the sufficiency of high-quality liquidity assets to meet short-term liquidity needs in a severe stress 
scenario.  
The last 12-month average LCR and NSFR of the Issuer, computed in line with the CRD IV standards and 
EBA guidelines, was 189 per cent. as at 30 June 2024 (compared to 162 per cent. as at 31 December 2023) 
and 143 per cent. as at 30 June 2024 (compared to 136 per cent. as at 31 December 2023), respectively.  
The ECB currently makes funding available to European banks that satisfy certain conditions, including 
pledging eligible collateral. As of 30 June 2024 (and as of 31 December 2023), the Issuer did not have any 
funding from the ECB. As at 30 June 2024, the Issuer’s portfolio of securities eligible for rediscount with 
the ECB was €9.3 billion (compared to €9.9 billion in 31 December 2023).  
The ECB establishes the valuation and eligibility criteria that eligible securities must meet in order to be 
used in repo transactions with financial institutions. Downgrades of the credit rating of Portugal or 
Portuguese companies, or changes to the valuations or eligibility criteria, can have a negative impact on the 
portfolio of securities eligible for that purpose and reduce the liquidity lines available from the ECB. The 
amount of ECB funding is tied to the value of collateral provided. If the value of the Issuer’s Group assets 
declines, the amount of funding it can obtain from the ECB will also decline. 
The inability of the Issuer, to anticipate and provide for unforeseen decreases or changes in funding sources 
could have consequences on the Issuer’s ability to meet its obligations when they fall due.

--- Page 36 ---
36 
The Issuer operates in highly competitive markets, including its home market, it may not be able to 
increase or maintain its market share, which may have an adverse effect on its results 
Structural changes in the Portuguese economy over the past several years have significantly increased 
competition in the Portuguese banking sector.  
The Issuer faces intense competition in all of its areas of operation (including, among others, banking, 
investment banking, specialised credit and asset management). The competitors of the Issuer in the 
Portuguese market are Portuguese commercial banks, savings and investment banks and foreign banks that 
entered the Portuguese market.  
The principal competitors of the Issuer in the banking sector (ranking in terms of assets as at 30 June 2024) 
are Banco Santander Totta, S.A. (“Banco Santander Totta”), Caixa Geral de Depósitos, the Millennium 
BCP and the Novo Banco. 
Mergers and acquisitions involving the largest Portuguese banks have resulted in a significant concentration 
of market share. 
Competition could also increase due to new entrants (including non-bank and financial technology 
competitors) in the markets in which the Issuer operates that may have new operating models that are not 
burdened by potentially costly legacy operations and that are subject to reduced regulation. New entrants 
may rely on new technologies, advanced data and analytic tools, lower cost to serve, reduced regulatory 
burden and/or faster processes in order to challenge traditional banks. Developments in technology have 
also accelerated the use of new business models and the Issuer may not be successful in adapting to this 
pace of change or may incur significant costs in adapting its business and operations to meet such changes. 
In particular, the emergence of disintermediation in the financial sector resulting from new banking, lending 
and payment solutions offered by rapidly evolving incumbents, challengers and new entrants, in particular 
with respect to payment services and products (e.g. Fintechs), and the introduction of disruptive technology, 
may impede the Issuer’s ability to grow or retain its market share and impact its revenues and profitability. 
There is no assurance that the Issuer will be able to compete effectively in some or all segments in which it 
operates, or that it will be able to maintain or increase the level of its results of operations. 
International Financial equity holdings and currency risk 
The Issuer holds financial investments in two African banks: 48.1 per cent. stake in Banco de Fomento 
Angola, S.A. (“BFA”) capital, which operates in commercial banking in Angola and a 35.7 per cent. stake

--- Page 37 ---
37 
in Banco Comercial e de Investimentos, S.A. (“BCI”), which operates in commercial banking in 
Mozambique.  
The Issuer's international equity holdings are exposed to the risk of adverse political, governmental or 
economic developments in the countries in which it operates. These factors could have a material adverse 
effect on the Issuer's financial condition, business and its results of operations. 
In addition, international equity holdings are exposed to foreign exchange risk, which is reflected mainly in 
the statements of income and in the balance sheets of BFA and BCI. It is relevant for these purposes the 
changes in the exchange rates of local currencies against the euro and in the exchange rate of the U.S. dollar 
against the euro, due to the high use of the U.S. dollar in these economies, which explains that a significant 
share of business customer is expressed in U.S. dollars. 
Consequently, even if the amount of revenues, costs and profits of the Issuer’s Group remain unchanged in 
local currency, changes in exchange rates may affect the amount of income, costs and profits declared in 
the statement of income of the Issuer’s Group.  
The currency exposure of the Issuer results mainly from the banking activity of BFA in Angola, but also, 
although to a much lesser extent, the activity of BCI in Mozambique. The currency of Angola is the Kwanza, 
but the high use of the U.S. dollar in the Angolan economy explains that a considerable share of business 
with clients of BFA is expressed in U.S. dollars. 
A substantial portion of revenue and costs are thus expressed in U.S. dollars or indexed to it. 
If the value of the euro was to rise significantly against other currencies, especially the U.S. dollar and the 
Kwanza, the values of equity method consolidated income expressed in these currencies would translate 
into relatively lower values when converted to euros. 
Risk of changes in the organization of partnerships may adversely affect the business and activities of the 
Issuer’s Group 
There are some activities of the Issuer’s Group which are partially related to partnerships in various activities 
with other companies that are not under the control of the Issuer’s Group, in particular the activities of 
bancassurance. These activities depend in part on such partners which the Issuer’s Group does not control. 
A change in any of these partnerships may adversely affect the business and activities of the Issuer’s Group.

--- Page 38 ---
38 
Legal and Regulatory Risks 
The Issuer is subject to substantial regulation, as well as regulatory and governmental oversight  
The Issuer operates in a highly regulated industry and, accordingly, could be adversely affected by 
regulatory changes in Portugal, the EU or foreign countries in which it operates. Although the Issuer works 
closely with its regulators and continually monitors this situation, future changes in regulation, taxation or 
other policies can be unpredictable and are beyond its control. Extensive regulation by, among others, the 
ECB, the Bank of Portugal, EBA, ESMA, the European Insurance and Occupational Pensions Authority, 
the CMVM and the Portuguese Insurance and Pensions Funds Supervisory Authority, as well as other 
supervisory authorities in the EU and the countries in which the Issuer conducts its activities, could hinder 
the Issuer’s growth by increasing compliance costs and/or reducing profitability.  
These regulations are complex and their fulfilment entails high costs in terms of time consuming and other 
resources. Additionally, non-compliance with the applicable regulations may cause damages to the Issuer’s 
reputation, the application of penalties and even loss of authorisation to carry out its activities.  
The implementation in the EU of Basel III has led to the approval of the package comprised of Directive 
2013/36/EU (as amended, the “CRD IV”), implemented in Portugal by Decree-Law no. 157/2014 of 24 
October, and Regulation (EU) No. 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June, on 
prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment firms, amending Regulation (EU) No. 
648/2012 (as amended, the “CRR”, and, together with the CRD IV, “CRD IV/CRR”). The CRD IV/CRR 
reinforced the capital requirements of banks, imposing different minimum capital ratios (e.g. CET1 ratio, 
Tier 1 ratio and total ratio), and changed the definition of regulatory capital. The CRD IV includes general 
rules, supervision powers and requirements relating to wages, governance and disclosure, having also 
introduced the following additional capital buffers, to be met with CET1: 
(a) 
capital conservation buffer of 2.5 per cent. of RWA; 
(b) 
countercyclical capital buffer rate of between 0 and 2.5 per cent. of RWA, pursuant to the 
conditions to be established by the competent authorities; and 
(c) 
systemic risk buffer: (i) applicable to institutions of global systemic importance: between 1 and 
3.5 per cent. of RWA; (ii) applicable to other institutions of systemic importance: between 0 and 
2 per cent. of RWA; and (iii) macroprudential systemic risk: between 1 and 3 per cent. or between 
3 and 5 per cent. of RWA, depending on the economic situation. 
The Issuer informed the market on 22 November 2023 that it has been notified by the Bank of Portugal on

--- Page 39 ---
39 
the implementation of a capital buffer for systemic risk in the residential real estate market in Portugal. It 
will be applicable to institutions using the internal ratings-based (IRB) approach and will correspond to 4 
per cent of the amount of risk-weighted exposures in the portfolio of loans to individuals secured by 
residential real estate in Portugal. The mentioned buffer has to be met with Common Equity Tier 1 (CET1) 
capital by 1 October 2024 and will be reviewed at least every two years. 
While the final Basel III standards were set to be implemented starting from January 2022 with the output 
capital floor being phased-in, in light of the COVID-19 pandemic, implementation has been deferred by 
one-year to increase the operational capacity of banks and supervisors to respond to the COVID-19 
pandemic. These reforms started from 1 January 2023 and will be phased in over five years. 
In the exercise of its powers as national macro-prudential authority, the Bank of Portugal decided to set the 
counter-cyclical buffer rate at 0 per cent. of the total risk exposure amount (“TREA”), with effect from 1 
January 2016. This buffer applies to all credit exposures to the domestic private non-financial sector of 
credit institutions and investments firms in Portugal subject to the supervision of the Bank of Portugal or 
the ECB (Single Supervisory Mechanism), as applicable. The Bank of Portugal’s last review of the 
countercyclical buffer was on 30 September 2024, having confirmed the 0 per cent. rate of the TREA for 
the third quarter of 2024. This decision is reviewed on a quarterly basis. 
On 30 November 2023, the Bank of Portugal has identified banking groups as Other Systemically Important 
Institutions (“O-SIIs”). The capital buffer requirement set for the Issuer, as a percentage of total risk 
exposure amount, is 0.500 per cent. as of 1 January 2024. 
In December 2023, BPI was notified of the decision of the ECB regarding minimum capital requirements 
and leverage ratio for 2024, following the outcome of the Supervisory Review and Evaluation Process with 
the total Pillar 2 requirement1 remaining unchanged at 1.9 per cent.. 
Thus, from 1 January 2024, BPI must comply with the minimum requirements of 8.58 per cent for the 
Common Equity Tier 1 (CET1) capital ratio, which includes the Pillar 1 regulatory minimum (4.5 per cent.), 
the Pillar 2 requirement (1.07 per cent.)1, the capital conservation buffer (2.5 per cent.), the other 
systemically important institutions buffer (0.5 per cent.)2 and the Countercyclical buffer (0.01 per cent.)3. 
Likewise, the minimum requirements for the Tier 1 capital ratio and the total capital ratio are 10.43 per cent. 
and 12.91 per cent., respectively. 
 
 
1 Requirements applicable only on a consolidated basis. 
2 Requirements applicable only on a consolidated basis. 
3 As of 30 September 2023. Updated quarterly, may differ between consolidated and individual basis.

--- Page 40 ---
40 
Finally, from 1st January 2024, BPI must comply with a minimum requirement of 3 per cent for the leverage 
ratio, which includes a 3 per cent. Pillar 1 regulatory minimum and a Pillar 2 requirement of 0 per cent. 
As at 30 June 2024, as shown in the following table, BPI comfortably exceeded all requirements. 
 
 
Capital ratios 
30.06.2024 
Minimum 
requirements 
Minimum requirements from 1 January 2024 
Total 
Of which 
 
 
Pilar 1 
Pilar 2 
Buffers4 
CET1 
13.8% 
8.58% 
4.50% 
1.07% 
3.01% 
Tier 1 
15.2% 
10.43% 
6.00% 
1.43% 
3.01% 
Total Capital 
17.5% 
12.91% 
8.00% 
1.90% 
3.01% 
Leverage 
ratio 
7.1% 
3% 
3.00% 
0% 
0% 
As communicated to the market on 22 November 2023, in addition to the requirements described above, 
from 1 October 2024 BPI will have to comply, through Common Equity Tier 1 capital (CET1), with an 
additional capital requirement for systemic risk in the residential real estate market in Portugal. This sectoral 
systemic risk buffer translates, on a proforma basis for December 2023, into an estimated 70 basis points 
increase in capital requirements. 
The CRD IV and CRR were further strengthened by Regulation (EU) No. 2019/876 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019, amending the CRR as regards the leverage ratio, the NSFR, 
requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities, counterparty credit risk, market risk, exposures to central 
counterparties, exposures to collective investment undertakings, large exposures, and reporting and 
disclosure requirements (as amended, “CRR II”), and by Directive (EU) 2019/878 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019, amending the CRD IV as regards exempted entities, financial 
holding companies, mixed financial holding companies, remuneration, supervisory measures and powers, 
 
 
4 Capital conservation buffer (2.5 per cent.), other systemically important institutions buffer (0.5 per cent.) and 
countercyclical buffer (0.01 per cent.).

--- Page 41 ---
41 
and capital conservation measures (as amended, “CRD V”). The CRR II and CRD V introduced a new 
market risk framework, revisions to the large exposures regime and NSFR. The NSFR is intended to ensure 
that institutions are not overly reliant on short-term funding. The CRR II’s application was staggered, in 
accordance with Article 3 of the CRR II, from 27 June 2019 to 28 June 2023. The CRD V amends the CRD 
IV and was transposed into Portuguese law on 9 December 2022 by Law no. 23-A/2022.  
Recent developments in the banking market suggest that even stricter rules may be applied by a new 
framework (“Basel IV”), which would require more stringent capital requirements and greater financial 
disclosure. Basel IV is likely to introduce higher leverage ratios, more detailed disclosure of reserves and 
the use of standardised models, rather than banks’ internal models, for the calculation of capital requirements 
and is expected to be implemented in the EU on 1 January 2025, in accordance with the latest decision of 
the EC in October 2021. 
Following the publication of Directive (EU) 2019/879 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 
May 2019 amending the BRRD (“BRRD2”), credit institutions will also be subject to more burdensome 
capital and other legal requirements, as these become applicable. On 9 December 2022, Law no. 23-A/2022, 
of 9 December, transposing the BRRD2 was promulgated and entered into force. Certain of BRRD2’s 
requirements relate to the implementation of the total loss absorbing capacity (“TLAC”) standard applying 
from January 2022. The TLAC standard requires global systematically important banks to hold certain ratios 
of instruments and liabilities (as a percentage of their respective RWA), which should be available during 
resolution to absorb losses.  
Implementation of the TLAC/MREL Requirements was phased in from 1 January 2019 (a 16 per cent. 
minimum TLAC requirement) to 1 January 2022 (a 18 per cent. minimum TLAC requirement). 
In addition to the above, on 26 January 2021, the EC launched a targeted public consultation on technical 
aspects of a new review of BRRD (“BRRD III”), the SRM Regulation (“SRM III”), and Directive 
2014/49/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 16 April 2014 on deposit guarantee schemes 
(as amended). This public consultation was open until 20 April 2021 and split into two main sections: a 
section covering the general objectives of the review, and a section seeking technical feedback on 
stakeholders' experience with the COVID-19 crisis and framework and the need for changes in the future 
framework, notably regarding (i) resolution, liquidation and other available measures to handle banking 
crises, (ii) level of harmonisation of creditor hierarchy in the EU and impact on the ‘no creditor worse off’ 
principle, and (iii) depositor insurance. Further work will be needed and legislative proposals on this topic 
are still expected. 
Consequently, the Issuer could face more intense and complex regulation, increasing its compliance costs.

--- Page 42 ---
42 
If the Issuer is required to raise its regulatory capital but is unable to do so on acceptable terms, it may have 
to reduce its RWA and possibly dispose of core or other non-core businesses on unfavourable terms, 
including at lower prices. Changes to the manner in which regulatory capital is calculated could adversely 
affect the Issuer’s current capital ratios. 
In this context, a new regime that establishes the rules for banking activity (the “Banking Activity Code”) 
(Código de Atividade Bancária), which aims to replace the RGICSF has been subject to public consultation. 
The proposed Banking Activity Code introduces changes and/or updates on matters of, among others, 
internal governance, conflicts of interest and related parties, non-cooperative offshore tax jurisdictions, 
duties of information and administrative procedures and supervisor enforcement. As of the date of this Base 
Prospectus, no further legislative procedures have been developed. 
The Issuer’s continued implementation of these measures may also have a significant impact on its capital 
and on its assets and liabilities management, as new regulations may restrict or limit the type or volume of 
transactions in which the Issuer participates, or introduce changes to the fees and commissions charged by 
the Issuer on certain loans or other products. Any of these events may have a material adverse effect on the 
Issuer’s business, financial condition and on the results of its operations.  
Borrower’s protection laws may limit the Issuer’s actions and have a material adverse effect on the 
Issuer's business, reputation, financial condition and results of operations or prospects 
Existing legal and regulatory frameworks impose obligations for credit institutions to ensure protection for 
borrowers, including, implementing procedures for gathering information, contacting borrowers, 
monitoring the execution of loan agreements and managing default risk situations; the duty to assess the 
financial capacity of borrowers and present default correction proposals adapted to the borrower's situation; 
and drawing up a plan for restructuring debts emerging from home loans or replacing mortgage foreclosures 
that in some cases of extra-judicial procedures may restrict the Issuer's options to (i) terminate the relevant 
agreements; (ii) initiate judicial proceedings against the borrower; (iii) assign its credits over the borrower; 
or (iv) transfer its contractual position to a third party. These legal and regulatory frameworks for borrower’s 
protection are expected to continue in the future.  
Any existing or future legislation and regulation for the protection of borrowers may limit the Issuer’s rights 
with respect to their powers over defaulting clients and, as a result, may have a material adverse effect on 
the Issuer's business, reputation, financial condition and results of operations or prospects.

--- Page 43 ---
43 
The Issuer is subject to the European recovery and resolution framework, which dictates the procedures 
and measures available for any resolution of the Issuer, including the bail-in tool 
In May 2014, the EU Council and the EU Parliament approved a Directive establishing a framework for the 
recovery and resolution of credit institutions and investment firms (Directive 2014/59/EU of the European 
Parliament and of the Council, of 15 May 2014, establishing a framework for the recovery and resolution 
of credit institutions and investment firms, as amended, the “BRRD”). The BRRD aims to equip national 
authorities with harmonised tools and powers to promptly tackle crises in banks and investment firms and 
to minimise costs for taxpayers. These tools and powers include: 
(a) 
preparatory and preventive measures (including the requirement for banks to have recovery and 
resolution plans); 
(b) 
early supervisory intervention (including powers for authorities to take early action to address 
emerging problems); and 
(c) 
resolution tools, including bail-in, which are intended to ensure the continuity of essential services 
and manage the failure of a credit institution in an orderly way; these tools may be used when the 
authorities consider an institution’s failure has become highly likely and a threat is posed to public 
interest. 
The BRRD was implemented in Portugal by a number of legislative acts, including Law no. 23-A/2022, of 
9 December, as amended, which have amended the Portuguese Legal Framework of Credit Institutions and 
Financial Companies (hereinafter, “RGICSF”) (enacted by Decree-Law no. 298/92, of 31 December, as 
amended or supersed), including the requirements for the application of preventive measures, supervisory 
intervention and resolution tools to credit institutions and investment firms in Portugal. 
The implementation of resolution measures must pursue any of the following objectives:  
• 
Ensure the continuity of essential financial services; 
• 
Prevent serious consequences to financial stability; 
• 
Safeguard public treasury and taxpayers’ interests by minimising the use of public funds;  
• 
Safeguard depositors and investors' confidence; or 
• 
Protect the funds and assets held for and on behalf of clients and related investment services.  
For the purposes of applying resolution measures, an institution is considered to be failing or likely to fail

--- Page 44 ---
44 
when, in the near future:  
• 
The institution is, or is likely to be, in breach of its requirements for maintaining its licence; 
• 
The institution’s assets have or are likely to become lower than its liabilities;  
• 
The institution is, or is likely to be, unable to pay its debt as it falls due; or 
• 
Extraordinary public financial support is required.  
Upon the entry into force, on 1 January 2016, of Regulation (EU) No. 806/2014, of 15 July 2014, 
establishing uniform rules and a uniform procedure for the resolution of credit institutions and certain 
investment firms in the framework of a Single Resolution Mechanism and a Single Resolution Fund, 
amending Regulation (EU) No. 1093/2010 (“SRM Regulation”), as amended from time to time, the Bank 
of Portugal’s powers as resolution authority in relation to certain credit institutions, including the Issuer, 
were transferred to the resolution authority within the Banking Union established by the SRM Regulation - 
the “Single Resolution Board”. 
The resolution measures that can be implemented by the resolution authority, either individually or in 
conjunction, are, notably: 
(i) 
Sale of business tool: transfer to a purchaser, by decision of the resolution authority, of shares or 
other ownership instruments or of some or all rights and obligations, corresponding to assets, 
liabilities, off-balance sheet items and assets under management, of the institution under 
resolution, without the consent of its shareholders or of any third party other than the acquirer;  
(ii) 
Bridge institution tool: establishment of a bridge institution by the resolution authority, to which 
shares or other ownership instruments or some or all rights and obligations, corresponding to 
assets, liabilities, off-balance sheet items and assets under management, of the institution under 
resolution are transferred without the consent of its shareholders or of any third party;  
(iii) 
Asset separation tool (to be used only in conjunction with another resolution measure): transfer, 
by decision of the resolution authority, of rights and obligations, corresponding to assets, 
liabilities, off-balance sheet items and assets under management, of an institution under resolution 
or of a bridge institution to one or more asset management vehicles, without the consent of the 
shareholders of the institutions under resolution or of any third party other than the bridge 
institution. Asset management vehicles are legal persons fully or partially owned by the relevant 
resolution fund;

--- Page 45 ---
45 
(iv) 
Bail-in tool: write-down or conversion by the resolution authority of certain obligations of an 
institution under resolution, as defined under the applicable law (other than, for instance, covered 
deposits and secured obligations, such as covered bonds). In exceptional circumstances, when the 
bail-in tool is implemented, the resolution authority may exclude or partially exclude certain 
liabilities from the application of the write-down or conversion powers. This exception shall apply 
when strictly necessary and proportionate and shall fall under the specific requirements provided 
by law. Resolution measures may be applied to institutions if the resolution authority considers 
that an institution and/or certain other members of the institution's group meet the following 
conditions (“Resolution Conditions”): (a) they are failing or likely to fail, (b) there is no 
reasonable prospect that such failure will be avoided within a reasonable timeframe by the 
adoption of measures by the institution and/or certain other members of its group, the application 
of early intervention measures or of a Non-Viability Loss Absorption Measure (as defined below), 
(c) a resolution action pursues any of the public interests listed above and (d) such public interests 
would not be pursued more effectively by the commencement of winding-up proceedings against 
the relevant institution. 
When applying any resolution measure, the resolution authority shall ensure that an institution’s first losses 
are borne by its shareholders, followed by its creditors (except depositors covered by a deposit guarantee 
scheme), in an equitable manner and in accordance with the order of priority of the various classes of 
creditors under normal insolvency proceedings. Resolution measures are not subject to the prior consent of 
an institution’s shareholders or of the contractual parties related to assets, liabilities, off-balance sheet items 
and assets under management to be sold or transferred. These actions may have a direct impact on 
shareholders and on the Issuer’s Group expected returns and an indirect impact through changes to the 
institution’s business activities.  
If an order were to be made under the RGICSF currently in force in respect of an entity (including the 
Issuer), such action may affect the entity’s ability to satisfy its existing contractual obligations (including 
limiting its capacity to meet repayment obligations). The use of resolution tools could result in the 
cancellation, modification or conversion of any unsecured portion of the liability in respect of the Public 
Sector Covered Bonds and/or in other modifications to the Terms and Conditions of the Public Sector 
Covered Bonds and/or the Programme Documents. 
The bail-in resolution tool may be used alone or in combination with other resolution tools, where the 
resolution authority considers that an institution meets the Resolution Conditions. This empowers the 
resolution authority to write down certain claims of unsecured creditors of a failing institution and/or to

--- Page 46 ---
46 
convert certain unsecured debt claims into equity, potentially subject to any future application of the general 
bail-in tool.  
Although there are pre-conditions for the exercise of the bail-in power, there remains uncertainty regarding 
the specific factors which the relevant resolution authority may consider in deciding whether or not to 
exercise the bail-in power with respect to the relevant financial institution and/or securities issued by that 
institution. 
In addition to the resolution tools described above, the RGICSF further empowers the resolution authorities 
to permanently write-down or convert relevant capital instruments into equity (CET1 instruments) capital 
instruments such as Tier 2 instruments and Additional Tier 1 capital instruments at the point of non-viability 
of an institution or such institution's group and before any other resolution action has been taken (the “Non-
Viability Loss Absorption Measure”). Under the RGICSF, the point of non-viability is when any of the 
following conditions are met: 
• 
the resolution authority determines that an institution or its group meets any of the Resolution 
Conditions and no resolution measure has been applied yet; 
• 
the resolution authority determines that an institution or its group will no longer be viable unless 
the relevant capital instruments are written-down or converted; or 
• 
extraordinary public support is required and without such support the institution would no longer 
be viable. 
The write-down and conversion tools may be exercised independently of, or in combination with, the 
resolution tool. The implementation of write-down or conversion tools in relation to any of the Issuer Group 
entities could have a material adverse impact on the Issuer’s business, financial condition and results of 
operations. Furthermore, where capital instruments are converted into equity securities under the mandatory 
conversion tool, those equity securities may be subject to bail-in powers in resolution, resulting in their 
cancellation, significant dilution or transfer away from their investors. 
The exercise of any resolution powers under the RGICSF and/or any write-down or conversion into equity 
could adversely affect the rights of the Noteholders, the price or value of their investment in the Public 
Sector Covered Bonds and/or the Issuer’s ability to satisfy their obligations under the Public Sector Covered 
Bonds. Prospective investors in the Public Sector Covered Bonds should consider the risk of losing their 
full investment, including principal and any accrued interest, if resolution measures are applied.

--- Page 47 ---
47 
The Issuer may not be able to issue certain MREL-eligible instruments and therefore be either unable to 
meet its MREL or capital requirements 
In order to meet in the future MREL requirements, the Issuer may need to issue MREL-eligible instruments, 
affecting its funding structure and financing costs. Such mechanisms and procedures, besides having the 
capacity to restrain the Issuer’s strategy, could increase the average cost of the Issuer’s liabilities, in 
particular, without limitation, to the cost of additional Tier 1 and Tier 2 instruments and thus negatively 
affect the Issuer’s earnings. Tier 1 instruments may also result in a potential dilution of the percentage of 
ownership of existing shareholders, if they include convertibility features. These instruments may be viewed 
by investors as riskier than other debt instruments, primarily due to the risk of capital losses, missed coupon 
payments, conversion into capital instruments and lack of available distributable items. Investor appetite for 
these instruments may thus decline in the future, which could render the Issuer unable to place them in the 
market. In this case, the Issuer would have to issue CET1 capital to meet the above mentioned regulatory 
requirements or issue Additional Tier 1, Tier 2 or other regulatory eligible instruments that would entail an 
associated coupon expense which may have a material adverse effect on the Issuer's business, financial 
condition, results of operations and prospects. 
Directive (EU) 2017/2399 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 12 December 2017, amending 
Directive 2014/59/EU on the ranking of unsecured debt instruments in the insolvency hierarchy was 
transposed into the Portuguese legal framework by Law no. 23/2019 of 13 March 2019, which, in addition 
to governing the position of unsecured debt instruments in the insolvency hierarchy and providing greater 
legal certainty to the issuance of non-preferred debt, also confers a preferential claim to all deposits vis-a-
vis senior debt. Additionally, under the final rules to be implemented following the EC’s recent proposal to 
adjust and further strengthen the existing EU bank crisis management and deposit insurance framework, the 
ranking in insolvency of depositors may be further changed or enhanced. 
On 24 April 2024 the Issuer reported that it was notified by the Bank of Portugal of its MREL, as determined 
by the Single Resolution Board (“SRB”), which replaces the previous applicable requirements that were 
publicly disclosed on 5 April 2023. 
The MREL requirements are expressed as a percentage of both Risk-Weighted Assets (“RWA”) and the 
Leverage Ratio Exposure (“LRE”). 
As set out in the notification, the Issuer, on a sub-consolidated basis, must comply by 1 January 2024 with 
a minimum amount of own funds and eligible liabilities of 19.23 per cent. of RWA, or 22.24 per cent. with 
the addition of the current Combined Buffer Requirement (“CBR”).

--- Page 48 ---
48 
The MREL requirement as a percentage of LRE is 5.91 per cent. (unchanged from previous 
communication). 
As of 30 June 2024, the Issuer complies with the MREL requirements, both as a percentage of RWA and as 
a percentage of LRE. 
MREL requirements (including CBR) vs. MREL ratios 
 
 MREL requirements 
Phasing-in ratios 
 
 2024 
2023 
June 2024 
% RWA 
 22.24%5 
22.43% 
24.7% 
% LRE 
 5.91% 
5.91% 
11.5% 
The Issuer may not be able to issue the necessary MREL-eligible instruments, due to adverse market 
conditions or to investors’ negative perception of the Issuer, which could lead to a failure to comply with 
the regulatory requirements, or, alternatively, if the Issuer is able to issue the above mentioned instruments, 
there is a risk that market conditions will be such that the Issuer will need to issue those instruments at a 
higher premium. These requirements could therefore have an adverse effect on the business, reputation, 
financial condition and results of operation or prospects of the Issuer. 
The impact on BPI of the resolution measures occurred in the past in Portugal and funding of possible 
future resolutions cannot be anticipated 
Following the decision of Bank of Portugal on 3 August 2014 to apply a resolution measure to Banco 
Espírito Santo (“BES”), most of its business was transferred to a bridge bank, Novo Banco, specifically set 
up for that purpose and capitalised by the resolution fund – as created by Decree-Law no. 31-A/2012, of 10 
February (the “Resolution Fund”).  
On 20 December 2015, the Bank of Portugal applied a resolution measure to Banif which resulted in the 
sale of the business of Banif and of most of its assets and liabilities to Banco Santander Totta for the amount 
of €150 million. This transaction involved an estimated public support of €2,255 million to cover future 
contingencies, of which €489 million was provided by the Resolution Fund (which was financed by a loan 
in the same amount granted by the Portuguese State and €1,766 million directly by the Portuguese State, as 
a result of the determination of the assets and liabilities to be sold as agreed between the Portuguese 
 
 
5 Considering the Combined Buffer Requirement (CBR) of 3.01% in December 2023. From October 2024, a buffer 
requirement for systemic risk in the residential real estate market in Portugal will be added, as communicated to the 
market on 20 November 2023, which is estimated close to 0.8%.

--- Page 49 ---
49 
authorities, European bodies and Banco Santander Totta.  
The Portuguese Resolution Fund is funded by contributions from its participating institutions (including 
BPI). The Issuer’s pro rata share in the Resolution Fund will vary from time to time according to the Issuer’s 
liabilities and own funds, when compared to the other institutions participating in the Resolution Fund. 
Contributions to the Resolution Fund are adjusted to reflect the risk profile, the systemic relevance and the 
solvency position of each participating institution. 
As of 30 June 2024, and in accordance with Decree-Law no. 24/2013, of 19 February, Issuer’s Resolution 
Fund periodic contribution amount totalled €4.5 million.  
The periodic contributions to the Portuguese Resolution Fund are determined by the application of a 
contributory rate to the end of month outstanding balance of liabilities, deducted by own funds and deposits 
already included in the deposit guarantee scheme. Pursuant to Bank of Portugal’s Instruction (Instrução) 
28/2023 for 2024, the rate has been set at 0.032 per cent.  
The periodic contribution collected under the combined terms of the scheme transposing BRRD and the 
SRM Regulation to the institutions covered by the SRM paid by the Issuer as of 31 December 2023 was 
€10.4 million, which was therefore almost entirely transferred to the SRF under Intergovernmental 
Agreement. 
In relation to the contribution on the banking sector, as at 30 June 2024, the Issuer paid €19.1 million which 
were transferred by the Portuguese State to the Resolution Fund.  
The negative impact on the Issuer of the resolutions of BES and Banif cannot be anticipated, as there is the 
risk the Resolution Fund may need further recapitalisation while both resolutions are not totally settled.  
Furthermore, there is the risk that the resolution measures applied to BES and Banif may prejudice investors’ 
and economic agents’ positive perception of the Portuguese financial system and the Issuer as a participant 
thereto.  
Risks relating to changes in legislation on deferred tax assets  
As of 30 June 2024, the Issuer had registered Deferred Tax Assets (“DTAs”) in the amount of €140 million, 
of which €28 million were not dependent on future profitability (as at 31 December 2023: €143 million). 
According to current legislation, if the Issuer incurs losses, there is the risk that the Portuguese State will 
become a shareholder of BPI by virtue of the DTAs’ conversion into ordinary shares notwithstanding the

--- Page 50 ---
50 
right of BPI’s shareholder to acquire the conversion rights attributed to the Portuguese State following the 
DTAs’ conversion. 
The Issuer may not generate enough future profits to allow for the deduction of the DTAs and hence the 
DTA could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s business, reputation, financial condition and 
results. 
RISK FACTORS RELATING TO THE PUBLIC SECTOR COVERED BONDS 
Legal Risk 
Directive (EU) 2019/2162 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 November 2019 (the 
“CBD”) and Regulation (EU) No. 2019/2160 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 
November 2019 were published in the Official Journal on 18 December 2019 and came into effect on 7 
January 2020.  
The CBD replaces current Article 52(4) of Directive 2009/65/EC on undertakings for collective investment 
in transferable securities (as amended) and establishes a revised common base-line for the issue of covered 
bonds for EU regulatory purposes (subject to various options that Member States may choose to exercise 
when implementing the new directive into their national legal orders). 
The CBD was transposed into Portuguese national legislation by Decree-Law no. 31/2022, of 6 May, and 
entered into force on 1 July 2022, approving the Legal Regime of Public Sector Covered Bonds (as defined 
herein). 
In accordance with the transitional provisions of Decree-Law no. 31/2022, of 6 May, an issuer of public 
sector covered bonds under the Public Sector Covered Bonds Law may apply to the CMVM, as supervisory 
authority, to convert its existing public sector programme, under the Public Sector Covered Bonds Law, to 
a public sector programme compliant with the Legal Regime of Public Sector Covered Bonds. The Issuer 
submitted this application to the CMVM, which authorised such conversion on 12 October 2023. This Base 
Prospectus is therefore compliant with the Legal Regime of Public Sector Covered Bonds. The new 
legislative framework is still being tested, as is the secondary legislation (including the CMVM Regulation) 
that has been issued since the entry into force of the Legal Regime of Public Sector Covered Bonds. As such 
possible uncertainties of interpretation may arise. 
Prospective investors should therefore inform themselves of the above legal changes, including, inter alia, 
the differences between the Legal Regime of Public Sector Covered Bonds and the Public Sector Bonds 
Law, in addition to any other regulatory requirements applicable to their investment in the Public Sector

--- Page 51 ---
51 
Covered Bonds. 
Public Sector Covered Bonds may be subject to an Extended Maturity Date 
An Extended Maturity Date may apply to each Series of Public Sector Covered Bonds issued under the 
Programme. If an Extended Maturity Date is specified in the applicable Final Terms as applying to a Series 
of Public Sector Covered Bonds, the maturity of the relevant Series of Public Sector Covered Bonds will be 
automatically extended (subject to any earlier redemption on an Interest Payment Date, as described in the 
paragraph below) to the Extended Maturity Date if either (i) the Issuer fails to redeem the relevant Series of 
Public Sector Covered Bonds on the applicable Maturity Date and it is foreseeable (as determined by the 
Issuer) that such failure will continue for 5 Business Days thereafter or (ii) the authorisation of the Issuer as 
a credit institution is revoked by the competent banking supervisory authority, and in each case notice 
thereof has been (or, in the case of (ii), is subsequently) given to CMVM, all as further described in 
Condition 6.7 (Extension of Maturity up to Extended Maturity Date) of the Terms and Conditions. If within 
10 calendar days of receiving such notice, CMVM objects to such extension of maturity, the extension of 
maturity will then cease to apply and the relevant Series of Public Sector Covered Bonds will be redeemed 
at their Final Redemption Amount together with any accrued interest determined in accordance with 
Condition 4.4(B) of the Terms and Conditions on the applicable Maturity Date or (if the date such objection 
is received by the Issuer from CMVM is after the applicable Maturity Date) the Extension Cessation Date. 
In the event of any extension of maturity of a Series of Public Sector Covered Bonds pursuant to Condition 
6.7 (Extension of Maturity up to Extended Maturity Date) of the Terms and Conditions, the Issuer may also 
redeem all or part of the Principal Amount Outstanding of those Public Sector Covered Bonds on an Interest 
Payment Date falling in any month after the Maturity Date up to and including the Extended Maturity Date, 
subject as otherwise provided in the applicable Final Terms. The interest payable on the Principal Amount 
Outstanding of any Series of Public Sector Covered Bonds that has had its maturity extended pursuant to 
Condition 6.7 (Extension of Maturity up to Extended Maturity Date) of the Terms and Conditions (and 
provided CMVM has not objected to any such extension) will change as provided in the applicable Final 
Terms and such interest may apply on a fixed or floating basis. Neither (i) the extension of maturity of any 
Series of Public Sector Covered Bonds from the applicable Maturity Date to the applicable Extended 
Maturity Date nor (ii) any redemption of such Public Sector Covered Bonds on the applicable Extension 
Cessation Date pursuant to Condition 6.7 (Extension of Maturity up to Extended Maturity Date) of the Terms 
and Conditions will entitle the holders of such Public Sector Covered Bonds to accelerate payments on those 
Public Sector Covered Bonds or constitute an event of default for any purpose and no payment will be due

--- Page 52 ---
52 
to the holders of Public Sector Covered Bonds in that event other than as set out in the Terms and Conditions 
(see Terms and Conditions) as amended by the applicable Final Terms. In respect of any Series of Public 
Sector Covered Bonds, in case of liquidation or resolution of the Issuer, no extension to an Extended 
Maturity Date will (i) affect the ranking between any holders of Public Sector Covered Bonds or (ii) invert 
the sequencing of the original maturity schedule of Public Sector Covered Bonds. 
Although the CMVM has approved the conversion of the Programme, no assurance can be given by the 
Issuer that the CMVM will not oppose the extension of any Series of Public Sector Covered Bonds in the 
future. 
Benefit of special creditor privilege (“privilégio creditório especial”) 
The holders of Public Sector Covered Bonds issued by the Issuer under the Programme whether outstanding 
at the date hereof or in the future benefit from a special creditor privilege (“privilégio creditório especial”) 
over all assets comprised in the Cover Pool in relation to the payment of principal and interest on the Public 
Sector Covered Bonds (see “Characteristics of the Cover Pool”). The Legal Regime of Public Sector 
Covered Bonds establishes that any Hedge Counterparties at the date hereof and in the future are also 
preferred creditors of the Issuer also benefit from the above-mentioned special creditor privilege (“privilégio 
creditório especial”). 
None of the assets comprised in the Cover Pool are or will be exclusively available to meet the claims of 
the holders of certain Public Sector Covered Bonds ahead of other holders of Public Sector Covered Bonds 
or of Other Preferred Creditors of the Issuer at the date hereof or in the future. 
The lack of a profitable secondary market  
Public Sector Covered Bonds may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never 
develop. If a market does develop, it may not be liquid. Therefore, investors may not be able to sell their 
Public Sector Covered Bonds easily or at prices that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar 
investments that have a developed secondary market. This is particularly the case for Public Sector Covered 
Bonds that are especially sensitive to interest rate, currency or market risks, are designed for specific 
investment objectives or strategies or that have been structured to meet the investment requirements of 
limited categories of investors. These types of Public Sector Covered Bonds generally would have a more 
limited secondary market and more price volatility than conventional debt securities. Illiquidity may have a 
severely adverse effect on the market value of Public Sector Covered Bonds.

--- Page 53 ---
53 
Ratings of the Public Sector Covered Bonds are not recommendations and ratings may be lowered, 
withdrawn or qualified 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Public Sector Covered 
Bonds. The Issuer is under no obligation to maintain any rating for itself or for the Public Sector Covered 
Bonds. Ratings may not reflect the potential impact of all risks discussed in this section and any other factors 
that may affect the value of the Public Sector Covered Bonds.  
A securities rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to revision, 
suspension or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating organisation. Each securities rating should be 
evaluated independently of any other securities rating. In the event that any rating initially assigned to the 
Public Sector Covered Bonds is subsequently lowered, withdrawn or qualified for any reason, the Issuer 
will not be obliged to provide any credit facilities or credit enhancement to restore the original rating. Any 
such lowering, withdrawal or qualification of a rating may have an adverse effect on the liquidity and market 
price of the Public Sector Covered Bonds. 
Ratings assigned to the Public Sector Covered Bonds assess the likelihood of full and timely payment of the 
interest due on each Interest Payment Date to holders of the Public Sector Covered Bonds, and of the 
ultimate payment of principal in relation to the Public Sector Covered Bonds either on their Final Maturity 
Date or on the Extended Maturity Date, as applicable. Ratings only address the credit risks associated with 
the transaction. Other non-credit risks are not addressed, but may have a significant effect on yield for 
investors. Due to the methodology used by the main rating agencies, the Issuer’s credit rating may be 
affected by the rating of Portugal’s sovereign debt. If Portugal’s sovereign debt is downgraded, the Issuer’s 
credit rating is likely to be downgraded by an equivalent amount. 
In addition, the negative economic impact which may be caused by events such as certain meteorological 
conditions, natural disasters, fires or widespread health crises or the fear of such crises (such as COVID-19) 
may result in downgrades to the ratings assigned to the Public Sector Covered Bonds. If any rating assigned 
to the Public Sector Covered Bonds is lowered or withdrawn, the market value of the Public Sector Covered 
Bonds may be reduced. 
European regulated institutions are in general restricted from using credit ratings for regulatory purposes in 
the EEA under the CRA Regulation, unless such ratings are issued by a credit rating agency established in 
the EEA and registered under the CRA Regulation (and such registration has not been withdrawn or 
suspended), subject to transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances whilst the registration 
application is pending. Such general restriction will also apply in the case of credit ratings issued by third

--- Page 54 ---
54 
country non-EEA credit rating agencies, unless the relevant credit ratings are endorsed by an EEA-registered 
credit rating agency or the relevant third country rating agency is certified in accordance with the CRA 
Regulation (and such endorsement action or certification, as the case may be, has not been withdrawn or 
suspended, subject to transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances). 
Investors regulated in the UK are subject to similar restrictions under the UK CRA Regulation. As such, 
UK regulated investors are required to use for UK regulatory purposes ratings issued by a credit rating 
agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation. In the case of ratings issued by 
third country non-UK credit rating agencies, third country credit ratings can either be: (a) endorsed by a UK 
registered credit rating agency; or (b) issued by a third country credit rating agency that is certified in 
accordance with the UK CRA Regulation. Note this is subject, in each case, to (a) the relevant UK 
registration, certification or endorsement, as the case may be, not having been withdrawn or suspended, and 
(b) transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances. 
If the status of the rating agency rating the Public Sector Covered Bonds changes for the purposes of the 
CRA Regulation or the UK CRA Regulation, relevant regulated investors may no longer be able to use the 
rating for regulatory purposes in the EEA or the UK, as applicable, and the Public Sector Covered Bonds 
may have a different regulatory treatment, which may impact the value of the Public Sector Covered Bonds 
and their liquidity in the secondary market. Certain information with respect to the credit rating agencies 
and ratings is set out on the cover of this Base Prospectus. 
The Issuer has not requested a rating of the Public Sector Covered Bonds from any rating agency other than 
the Rating Agencies. However, there can be no assurance as to whether any other rating agency will rate 
the Public Sector Covered Bonds and what rating it may assign the Public Sector Covered Bonds.  
The long term/short term ratings currently assigned to the Issuer are Baa1/P-2 with stable outlook by 
Moody’s España, BBB+/F2 with stable outlook by Fitch and BBB+/A-2 with stable outlook by S&P. 
The value and return on any Public Sector Covered Bonds linked to a benchmark may be adversely 
affected by ongoing national and international regulatory reform in relation to benchmarks 
Interest rates and indices which are deemed to be "benchmarks" (including EURIBOR) have been the 
subject of national and international regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. Some reforms are already 
effective whilst others are still to be implemented. These reforms may cause such benchmarks to perform 
differently than in the past, to disappear entirely, or to have other consequences which cannot be predicted.

--- Page 55 ---
55 
Any such consequence could have a material adverse effect on any Public Sector Covered Bonds referencing 
such a benchmark.  
The EU Benchmarks Regulation applies, subject to certain transitional provisions, to the provision of 
benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark within the EU. 
Among other things, it: (i) requires benchmark administrators to be authorised or registered (or, if non-EU-
based, to be subject to an equivalent regime or otherwise recognised or endorsed) and (ii) prevents certain 
uses by EU supervised entities (such as the Issuer) of benchmarks provided by administrators that are not 
authorised or registered (or, if non-EU based, not deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed). Regulation 
(EU) No. 2016/1011 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK Benchmarks 
Regulation”) among other things, applies to the provision of benchmarks and the use of a benchmark in the 
UK. Similarly, it prohibits the use in the UK by UK supervised entities of benchmarks of administrators 
that are not authorised by the FCA or registered on the FCA register (or, if non-UK based, not deemed 
equivalent or recognised or endorsed). 
The EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable could have a material 
impact on any Public Sector Covered Bonds linked to or referencing a benchmark, particularly if the 
methodology or other terms of the benchmark are changed to comply with the requirements of the EU 
Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable. Such changes could reduce 
or increase the rate or level, or affect the volatility of the published rate or level of the relevant benchmark 
(including EURIBOR). 
More broadly, any of the international or national reforms or proposals for reform, or the general increased 
regulatory scrutiny of benchmarks, could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise 
participating in the setting of a benchmark and complying with the associated regulations or requirements. 
Such factors may (i) discourage market participants from continuing to administer or to contribute to 
benchmarks; (ii) trigger changes in the rules or methodologies used in benchmarks; (iii) lead to the 
disappearance of certain benchmarks. 
The working group on euro risk-free rates published a set of guiding principles for fallback provisions in 
new euro denominated cash products (including bonds). The guiding principles indicate, amongst other 
things, that continuing to reference EURIBOR in relevant contracts (without robust fallback provisions) 
may increase the risk to the euro area financial system. On 11 May 2021, the euro risk-free rate working 
group published its recommendations on EURIBOR fallback trigger events and fallback rates. On 4 
December 2023, the group issued its final statement, announcing completion of its mandate.

--- Page 56 ---
56 
Furthermore, to address systemic risk, on 2 February 2021 the Council of the EU approved the final text of 
Regulation (EU) No. 2021/168 amending the EU Benchmarks Regulation as regards the exemption of 
certain third-country spot foreign exchange benchmarks and the designation of replacements for certain 
benchmarks in cessation, and amending Regulation (EU) No. 648/2012. The new framework delegates the 
Commission to designate a replacement for benchmarks qualified as critical under the EU Benchmarks 
Regulation, where the cessation or wind-down of such benchmarks might significantly disrupt the 
functioning of financial markets within the EU. In particular, the designation of a replacement for a 
benchmark should apply to any contract and financial instrument, as defined in MiFID II, that is subject to 
the law of a Member State. On 10 February 2021, the Council of the EU adopted Regulation (EU) No. 
2021/168, which was published in the Official Journal on 12 February 2021 and entered into force the 
following day. 
In addition, with respect to supervised entities, Regulation (EU) No. 2021/168 extended the transitional 
period for the use of third-country benchmarks until 2023 and the Commission further extended this period 
until 31 December 2025 by a delegated act adopted by the Commission on 14 July 2023. 
It is not possible to predict with certainty whether, and to what extent, EURIBOR will continue to be 
supported going forward. This may cause EURIBOR to perform differently than it has done in the past and 
may have other consequences which cannot be predicted. The potential elimination of benchmarks, such as 
EURIBOR, the establishment of alternative reference rates or changes in how a benchmark is administrated 
could also require adjustments to the terms of benchmark-linked securities and may result in other 
consequences, such as interest payments that are lower than, or that do not otherwise correlate over time 
with, the payments that would have been made on those securities if the relevant benchmark was still 
available in its current form. 
Based on the foregoing, prospective investors should be aware that: 
(a) 
any of the reforms or pressures described above or any other changes to a relevant interest rate 
benchmark (including EURIBOR) could affect the level and volatility of the published rate; 
(b) 
the elimination of EURIBOR or any other benchmark, or changes in the manner of administration 
of any benchmark, could require an adjustment to the interest calculation provisions of the Terms and 
Conditions, or result in adverse consequences to holders of any Public Sector Covered Bonds linked to such 
benchmark. Furthermore, even prior to the implementation of any changes, uncertainty as to the nature of 
alternative reference rates and the potential effects of such changes may adversely affect such benchmarks 
during the term of the relevant Public Sector Covered Bonds, the return on the Public Sector Covered Bonds

--- Page 57 ---
57 
and the trading market for securities (including the Public Sector Covered Bonds) based on those 
benchmarks; and 
(c) 
if EURIBOR or any other relevant interest rate benchmark is discontinued or is otherwise 
unavailable, then the rate of interest on the Public Sector Covered Bonds will be determined for a period by 
the relevant fallback provisions, although such provisions, being dependent in part upon the provision by 
reference banks of offered quotations for leading banks (in the Euro-zone interbank market, in the case of 
EURIBOR), may not operate as intended (depending on market circumstances and the availability of rates 
information at the relevant time).  
Moreover, any of the above or any other significant change to EURIBOR or any other interest rate 
benchmark could have a material adverse effect on the value or liquidity of, and the amount payable under, 
the Public Sector Covered Bonds linked to, referencing or otherwise dependent (in whole or in part) upon a 
benchmark. No assurance may be provided that relevant changes will not occur with respect to EURIBOR 
or any other relevant interest rate benchmark and/or that such benchmarks will continue to exist. Investors 
should consider these matters, consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about 
the potential risks when making any investment decision with respect to the Public Sector Covered Bonds. 
Investors in Floating Rate Public Sector Covered Bonds which reference EURIBOR or any other relevant 
interest rate benchmark should be mindful of the interest rate fallback provisions applicable to such Floating 
Rate Public Sector Covered Bonds and the adverse effect this may have on the value or liquidity of, and 
return on, any Floating Rate Public Sector Covered Bonds linked to EURIBOR or any other relevant interest 
rate benchmark. 
The Public Sector Covered Bonds are intended to be labelled as “European Covered Bond (Premium)” 
The Public Sector Covered Bonds to be issued under this Base Prospectus are able to be labelled as 
“European Covered Bond (Premium)”, as set out in Article 42(2) of the Legal Regime of Public Sector 
Covered Bonds, provided that the Public Sector Covered Bonds are in compliance with the Legal Regime 
of Public Sector Covered Bonds and the CRR, and the Cover Pool comprises of only assets listed in Article 
129(1) of the CRR (and the requirements under paragraphs 1a to 3 of Article 129 of the CRR are met). 
Given that the labelling of the Public Sector Covered Bonds as “European Covered Bond (Premium)” 
depends on the fulfilment of legal requirements under the Legal Regime of Public Sector Covered Bonds 
and the CRR, investors should consider, amongst other things, any regulatory impacts when deciding 
whether or not to purchase any Public Sector Covered Bonds. No assurance or representation is given by 
the Arranger or any of the Dealers as to the assets that comprise the Cover Pool (including, without

--- Page 58 ---
58 
limitation, whether such assets comply with Article 129(1) of the CRR) nor as to any label assigned to any 
Series of Public Sector Covered Bonds (including, without limitation, where such Public Sector Covered 
Bonds are labelled as “European Covered Bond (Premium)”).  
RISKS SPECIFIC TO COVER POOL 
Dynamic Nature of the Cover Pool 
The Cover Pool is expected to comprise only assets listed in Article 129(1) of the CRR. The Cover Pool 
shall comprise of Primary Assets, Substitution Assets or Liquidity Assets.  
At the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer intends to include the Cover Pool credit assets over the central 
administrations, regional or local authorities of any EU Member State as well as receivables benefiting from 
an express and legally binding guarantee issued by any of such entities, other eligible assets, substitution 
assets and hedging contracts which are located in Portugal as Primary Assets.  
The Legal Regime of Public Sector Covered Bonds permits the composition of the Cover Pool to be dynamic 
and does not require it to be static. Accordingly, the composition of the assets comprised in the Cover Pool 
will change from time to time, in accordance with the Legal Regime of Public Sector Covered Bonds. For 
further information in respect of the Cover Pool, see Characteristics of the Cover Pool. 
Amortisation of Public Sector Credits 
Public Sector Credits which are included in the Cover Pool are and will generally be subject to amortisation 
of principal and payment of interest on a monthly basis. They are also subject to early repayment of principal 
at any time in whole or part by the relevant borrowers. Early repayments of principal on public sector credits 
may result in the Issuer being required to include further public sector credits and/or substitution assets in 
the Cover Pool in order for the Issuer to comply with the financial matching requirements under the Legal 
Regime of Public Sector Covered Bonds. If the Issuer is not able to properly include or substitute assets as 
aforesaid, this may cause the Issuer not comply with the financial matching requirements under the Legal 
Regime of Public Sector Covered Bonds and can impact the performance of the Cover Pool, and the value 
of and amounts ultimately payable under the Public Sector Covered Bonds. 
The Issuer’s entitlement to enter into Hedging Contracts 
Hedging contracts can be entered into exclusively to hedge risks such as interest rate risk, exchange rate 
risk and liquidity risk. The Issuer is entitled but not required to enter into hedging contracts under the Legal 
Regime of Public Sector Covered Bonds, except if the Public Sector Covered Bonds and the Cover Pool are

--- Page 59 ---
59 
denominated in different currencies, in which case the Issuer shall hedge any exchange rate risk coverage. 
See Characteristics of the Cover Pool – Hedging Contracts. The entering into of hedging contracts, or the 
absence of entering into of hedging contracts, where the Issuer is entitled to enter into the same, can affect 
the performance of the Cover Pool, and the value of and amounts ultimately payable under the Public Sector 
Covered Bonds, as compared to a situation where the opposite decision has been taken by the Issuer.

--- Page 60 ---
60 
RESPONSIBILITY STATEMENTS 
This Base Prospectus comprises a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation 
providing information on the Issuer and the Public Sector Covered Bonds which, according to their 
respective nature, is necessary to enable investors to make an informed assessment of the Issuer’s assets and 
liabilities, financial position, profit and losses, and prospects, as well as of the features and characteristics 
of the Public Sector Covered Bonds.  
The format and contents of this Base Prospectus comply with the relevant provisions of the Prospectus 
Regulation, the Prospectus Delegated Regulations, the Portuguese Securities Code and all laws and 
regulations applicable thereto. 
Third party information has been included in this Base Prospectus. Where such third-party information has 
been used, the source of such information has been specified. The Issuer confirms that such information has 
been accurately reproduced and that, as far as it is aware and is able to ascertain from information published 
by the relevant source, no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information 
inaccurate or misleading. 
In accordance with Articles 149 and 150 (ex vi 238(1) and (3)(a)) of the Portuguese Securities Code, the 
Issuer, the members of its Board of Directors, the members of its Audit Committee and 
PricewaterhouseCoopers & Associados, Sociedade de Revisores Oficiais de Contas, Lda. (“PwC”), are 
responsible for the information contained in this Base Prospectus and each of them declares that, to the best 
of its knowledge (having taken all reasonable care to ensure that such is the case), the information contained 
in this Base Prospectus for which it is responsible pursuant to the aforementioned Articles is in accordance 
with the facts and contains no omissions likely to affect the import of such information.  
The Issuer further confirms that (i) this Base Prospectus is true, accurate and complete in all material 
respects and is not misleading; (ii) that the opinions and intentions expressed herein are honestly held by it 
and based on reasonable assumptions; (iii) that there are no other facts in relation to the information 
contained or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus the omission of which would make any 
statement, opinion or intention expressed herein misleading in any material respect; and (iv) that all 
reasonable enquiries have been made to verify the foregoing. 
In accordance with article 149, no. 3 (directly and ex vi article 238(1)) of the Portuguese Securities Code, 
liability of the entities referred to above is excluded if any such entities proves that the addressee knew or 
should have known about the inaccuracies in the contents of this Base Prospectus on the date of issue of the 
contractual declaration or when the respective revocation was still possible. Pursuant to article 150 of the

--- Page 61 ---
61 
Portuguese Securities Code, the Issuer is strictly liable (i.e., independently of fault) if any of the members 
of its Board of Directors, its Audit Committee, or PwC is held responsible for such information. As per 
article 238(3)(b) of the Portuguese Securities Code, the right to compensation based on the responsibility 
for the information contained in the Base Prospectus, as per article 149, is to be exercised within six months 
following the knowledge of an inaccuracy in the contents of this Base Prospectus or the amendment thereto 
and ceases, in any case, two years following disclosure of (i) this Base Prospectus for admission to trading 
on a regulated market or (ii) amendment thereto that contains the defective information or forecast. 
This Base Prospectus is to be read in conjunction with all documents deemed to be incorporated herein by 
reference (see Documents Incorporated by Reference). Any decision to invest in the Public Sector Covered 
Bonds should be made on the basis that such documents are so incorporated and form part of this Base 
Prospectus as a whole. 
No person is or has been authorised by the Issuer to give any information or to make any representation not 
contained in, or not consistent with, this Base Prospectus or any other information supplied in connection 
with the Programme or the Public Sector Covered Bonds and, if given or made, such information or 
representation must not be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer, the Arranger (as defined in 
Definitions), the Common Representative (as defined under Overview of the Programme) or any of the 
Dealers. Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor the offering, sale or delivery of any Public Sector 
Covered Bonds shall, in any circumstances, imply that the information contained herein concerning the 
Issuer is correct at any time after the date hereof or after the date on which this Base Prospectus has been 
most recently supplemented, or that any other information supplied in connection with the Programme is 
correct as of or as at any time subsequent to, the date indicated in the document containing such information. 
If, between the date of this Base Prospectus and the closing date of any offer or the date of any admission 
to trading made thereunder, any new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy relating to information 
included in this Base Prospectus occurs, or if the Issuer becomes aware of a previously existing fact not 
disclosed in this Base Prospectus, any of which may affect the assessment of any Public Sector Covered 
Bonds, the Issuer will prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus. The Arranger, the Common 
Representative and the Dealer expressly refrain from undertaking any to review of the financial condition 
or affairs of the Issuer during the duration of the Programme or to advise any investor in the Public Sector 
Covered Bonds of any information coming to their attention. Investors should review, amongst other things, 
the most recent financial statements, if any, of the Issuer when deciding whether or not to purchase any 
Public Sector Covered Bonds.

--- Page 62 ---
62 
Important information relating to the use of this Base Prospectus and the sale or offer of the Public Sector 
Covered Bonds generally 
This Base Prospectus or any Final Terms (as defined below) do not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation 
of any offer to buy any Public Sector Covered Bonds in any jurisdiction to any person to whom it is unlawful 
to make such offer or solicitation in such jurisdiction. The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer 
or sale of Public Sector Covered Bonds may be restricted by law in certain jurisdictions. The Issuer, the 
Arranger and the Dealer do not represent that this Base Prospectus may be lawfully distributed, or that any 
Public Sector Covered Bonds may be lawfully offered, in compliance with any applicable registration or 
other requirements in any such jurisdiction, or pursuant to an exemption available thereunder, or assume 
any responsibility for facilitating any such distribution or offering. In particular, unless specifically indicated 
to the contrary, no action has been taken by the Issuer, the Arranger or the Dealer (save for the application 
by the Issuer for the CMVM’s approval of this Base Prospectus as a base prospectus for the purposes of the 
Prospectus Regulation) which would permit a public offering of any Public Sector Covered Bonds or the 
distribution of this Base Prospectus or any other offering material relating to the Programme or the Public 
Sector Covered Bonds issued thereunder in any country or jurisdiction where action for that purpose is 
required. Accordingly, no Public Sector Covered Bonds may be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, and 
neither this Base Prospectus nor any advertisement or other offering material relating to the Programme or 
the Public Sector Covered Bonds issued thereunder may be distributed or published in any jurisdiction, 
except under circumstances that would result in compliance with any applicable securities laws and 
regulations. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus or any Public Sector Covered Bonds may 
come must inform themselves about, and observe any applicable restrictions on the distribution of this Base 
Prospectus and the offering and sale of Public Sector Covered Bonds. In particular, there are restrictions on 
the distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Public Sector Covered Bonds in the United 
States, the EEA (including among other countries, Portugal and Belgium), the UK, Switzerland, Singapore 
and Japan. See Subscription and Sale and Secondary Market Arrangements. 
The Arranger, the Common Representative and the Dealer have not independently verified (i) the 
information contained or incorporated in this Base Prospectus or (ii) any statement, representation or 
warranty, or compliance with any covenant, of the Issuer contained in any Public Sector Covered Bonds or 
any other agreement or document relating to any Public Sector Covered Bonds or made in connection with 
the Programme, or any other agreement or document relating to the Programme. Accordingly, none of the 
Arranger, the Common Representative or the Dealer makes any representation, warranty or undertaking,

--- Page 63 ---
63 
express or implied, or accepts any responsibility, with respect to (a) the accuracy or completeness of any of 
the information contained in this Base Prospectus, or (b) the execution, legality, effectiveness, adequacy, 
genuineness, validity, enforceability or admissibility in evidence of any Public Sector Covered Bonds or 
any other agreement or document relating to any Public Sector Covered Bonds or the Programme. Neither 
this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or the Public 
Sector Covered Bonds is intended to provide the basis for any credit or other evaluation and should not be 
considered as a recommendation by the Issuer, the Arranger, the Common Representative or the Dealer that 
any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any other financial information supplied in connection with the 
Programme should purchase the Public Sector Covered Bonds. Each potential purchaser of Public Sector 
Covered Bonds should determine for itself the relevance of the information contained in this Base 
Prospectus and its purchase of Public Sector Covered Bonds should be based upon its own independent 
investigation as it deems necessary (namely of the financial condition, affairs and creditworthiness of the 
Issuer and the advantages and risks of investing in Public Sector Covered Bonds). None of the Arranger, 
the Common Representative or the Dealer undertakes to review the financial condition or affairs of the 
Issuer during the life of the arrangements contemplated by this Base Prospectus nor to advise any investor 
or potential investor in Public Sector Covered Bonds of any information coming to the attention of the 
Arranger, the Common Representative or the Dealer. 
This Base Prospectus has been prepared on the basis that, except to the extent sub-paragraph (ii) below 
may apply, any offer of Public Sector Covered Bonds in any Member State of the EEA will be made 
pursuant to an exemption under Article 1(4) and/or 3(2) of the Prospectus Regulation, from the requirement 
to publish a prospectus for offers of Public Sector Covered Bonds. Accordingly any person making or 
intending to make an offer in that Member State of the EEA of Public Sector Covered Bonds which are the 
subject of a placement contemplated in this Base Prospectus, as completed by the Final Terms in relation 
to the offer of those Public Sector Covered Bonds, may only do so (i) in circumstances in which no 
obligation arises for the Issuer or any Dealer to publish or supplement a prospectus pursuant to the 
provisions of, respectively, Articles 3 and Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation, in each case, in relation 
to such offer, or (ii) if a prospectus for such offer has been approved by the competent authority in that 
Member State of the EEA or, where appropriate, approved in another Member State of the EEA and notified 
to the competent authority in that Member State of the EEA and (in either case) published, all in accordance 
with the Prospectus Regulation, provided that any such prospectus has subsequently been completed by 
Final Terms which specify that offers may be made other than pursuant to Article 1(4) of the Prospectus 
Regulation in that Member State of the EEA and such offer is made in the period beginning and ending on

--- Page 64 ---
64 
the dates specified for such purpose in such prospectus or its final terms, as applicable. Except to the extent 
sub-paragraph (ii) above may apply, neither the Issuer nor any Dealer have authorised, nor do they 
authorise, the making of any offer of Public Sector Covered Bonds in circumstances in which an obligation 
arises for the Issuer or any Dealer to publish or supplement a prospectus for such offer. 
Neither the Dealer nor the Issuer makes any representation to any investor in the Public Sector Covered 
Bonds regarding the legality of its investment under any applicable laws. Any investor in the Public Sector 
Covered Bonds should be able to bear the economic risk of an investment in the Public Sector Covered 
Bonds for an indefinite period of time. 
In this Base Prospectus, unless otherwise specified or the context otherwise requires, references to “€”, 
“EUR” or “euro” are to the lawful currency of the Member States of the EU that adopt the currency 
introduced at the start of the third stage of the European economic and monetary union pursuant to the 
Treaty on the Functioning of the EU, as amended, and, to “U.S.$”, “USD” or “U.S. dollars” are to United 
States dollars, the lawful currency of the United States of America.

--- Page 65 ---
65 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The following documents shall be deemed to be incorporated in, and to form part of, this Base Prospectus:  
1. 
The first half 2024 report with limited review (the first half 2024 Report, which can be found at 
https://www.bancobpi.pt/contentservice/getContent?documentName=PR_UCMS02113508). 
2. 
The audited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer in respect of the financial year ended 31 
December 
2023 
(the 
2023 
Annual 
Report, 
which 
can 
be 
found 
at 
https://www.bancobpi.pt/contentservice/getContent?documentName=PR_UCMS02109040). 
3. 
The audited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer in respect of the financial year ended 31 
December 
2022 
(the 
2022 
Annual 
Report, 
which 
can 
be 
found 
at 
https://www.bancobpi.pt/contentservice/getContent?documentName=PR_UCMS02078479). 
4. 
The 
articles 
of 
association 
(in 
Portuguese) 
of 
BPI 
(which 
can 
be 
found 
at 
https://www.bancobpi.pt/contentservice/getContent?documentName=PR_UCMS02070588).  
Following the publication of this Base Prospectus, a supplement may be prepared by the Issuer and approved 
by the CMVM in accordance with Articles 3 and 23, respectively, of the Prospectus Regulation. Statements 
contained in any such supplement (or contained in any document incorporated by reference therein) shall to 
the extent applicable (whether expressly, by implication or otherwise), be deemed to modify or supersede 
statements contained in this Base Prospectus or in a document which is incorporated by reference in this 
Base Prospectus. Any statement so modified or superseded shall not, except as so modified or superseded, 
constitute a part of this Base Prospectus.  
Any information contained in the Issuer’s website (www.bancobpi.pt) is not part of this Base Prospectus 
unless such information is incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. 
Other than in relation to the documents which are deemed to be incorporated by reference (see Documents 
Incorporated by Reference), the information on the websites to which this Base Prospectus refers does not 
form part of this Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by the CMVM.  
The table below refers to points (1) to (3) above: 
Information incorporated by reference 
Reference  
The first half 2024 Report (limited review report on the condensed interim financial statements) 
 
Condensed interim balance sheets as of 30 June 2024 and 
31 December 2023 
Page 67

--- Page 66 ---
66 
Information incorporated by reference 
Reference  
Condensed interim statements of profit or loss for the 
periods ended on 30 June 2024 and 2023 
Page 68 
Condensed interim statements of profit and loss and other 
comprehensive income for the periods ended on 30 June 
2024 and 2023 
Page 69 
Condensed interim statements of changes in equity for the 
periods ended on 30 June 2024 and 2023 
Page 70 
Condensed interim statements of cash flows for the periods 
ended on 30 June 2024 and 2023 
Page 71 
Notes to the financial statements 
Pages 72-139 
Information incorporated by reference 
Reference  
The audited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer in respect of the financial year ended 31 
December 2023 (2023 Annual Report) 
Auditors’ report relating to the accounts for the period ended 
31 December 2023 
Pages 388-398 
Balance sheets 
Page 225 
Statements of profit or loss 
Statements of profit or loss and other comprehensive income 
Page 226 
Page 227 
Statement of cash flows 
Page 230 
Consolidated statements of changes in equity 
Page 228 
Notes to the financial statements 
Pages 231-387 
Information incorporated by reference 
Reference  
The audited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer in respect of the financial year ended 31 
December 2022 (2022 Annual Report) 
Auditors’ report relating to the accounts for the period 
ended 31 December 2022 
Pages 346-369 
Balance sheets 
Page 191 
Statements of profit or loss 
Statements of profit or loss and other comprehensive 
income 
Page 192 
Page 193

--- Page 67 ---
67 
Information incorporated by reference 
Reference  
Statement of cash flows 
Page 196 
Consolidated statements of changes in equity 
Page 194 
Notes to the financial statements 
Pages 197-345 
 
The page references for the first half 2024 report and for both 2023 and 2022 annual reports refer to the 
documents in PDF format. 
The information incorporated by reference that is not included in the cross-reference list, is 
considered as additional information and is not required by the relevant schedules of the Delegated 
Regulation (EU) No. 2019/980, as amended from time to time.

--- Page 68 ---
68 
FORM OF THE PUBLIC SECTOR COVERED BONDS AND CLEARING SYSTEMS 
The Public Sector Covered Bonds will be held through a central securities depository (“CSD”) which will 
be the Portuguese domestic CSD, Interbolsa, as operator of the Central de Valores Mobiliários. 
The information set out below is subject to any change in or reinterpretation of the rules, regulations and 
procedures of Interbolsa currently in effect. The information in this section concerning Interbolsa has been 
obtained from sources that the Issuer believes to be reliable, but none of the Issuer, the Arranger or the 
Dealer takes any responsibility for the accuracy thereof. Investors wishing to use the facilities of any of 
Interbolsa are advised to confirm the continued applicability of its rules, regulations and procedures. None 
of the Issuer, the Arranger or the Dealer will have any responsibility or liability for any aspect of the records 
relating to, or payments made on account of, interests in the Public Sector Covered Bonds held through the 
facilities of Interbolsa or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records relating to such interests. 
Interbolsa registers securities for its participants and facilitates the clearance and settlement of securities 
transactions by electronic book-entry transfer between their respective participants. Interbolsa provides 
various services including safekeeping, administration, clearance and settlement of domestically and 
internationally traded securities and securities lending and borrowing.  
The address of Interbolsa is Avenida da Boavista, 3433, 4100-138 Porto, Portugal. 
Public Sector Covered Bonds held through Interbolsa 
General 
Interbolsa manages a centralised system (sistema centralizado) composed by interconnected securities 
accounts, through which securities (and inherent rights) are created, held and transferred, and which allows 
Interbolsa to control at all times the number of securities so created, held and transferred. Issuers of 
securities, financial intermediaries, the Bank of Portugal and Interbolsa, as the controlling entity, all 
participate in such centralised system.  
The centralised securities system of Interbolsa provides for all the procedures required for the exercise of 
ownership rights inherent to the Public Sector Covered Bonds held through Interbolsa. 
In relation to each issue of securities, Interbolsa’s centralised system comprises, inter alia, (i) the issue 
account, opened by the relevant issuer in the centralised system and which reflects the full amount of issued 
securities; and (ii) the control accounts opened by each of the financial intermediaries which participate in

--- Page 69 ---
69 
Interbolsa’s centralised system, and which reflect the securities held by such participant on behalf of its 
customers in accordance with its individual securities accounts. 
Public Sector Covered Bonds held through Interbolsa will be attributed an International Securities 
Identification Number (“ISIN”) code through the codification system of Interbolsa and will be accepted for 
clearing through LCH.Clearnet, S.A., the clearing system operated at Interbolsa, as well as through the 
clearing systems operated by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and settled by Interbolsa’s settlement 
system.  
Under the procedures of Interbolsa’s settlement system, settlement of trades executed through Euronext 
Lisbon takes place on the second Business Day after the trade date and is provisional until the financial 
settlement that takes place on the Final Settlement Date. 
Public Sector Covered Bonds may be attributed a Financial Instrument Short Name ("FISN"), a 
Classification of Financial Instruments ("CFI") code and/or other securities identifier, which will be 
contained in the Final Terms relating thereto. 
Form of the Public Sector Covered Bonds  
The Public Sector Covered Bonds will be in book-entry form (“forma escritural”) and title to the Public 
Sector Covered Bonds will be evidenced by book entries in accordance with the provisions of the Portuguese 
Securities Code, the applicable CMVM regulations and Interbolsa regulations. No physical document of 
title will be issued in respect of Public Sector Covered Bonds held through Interbolsa. The Public Sector 
Covered Bonds will be nominative Public Sector Covered Bonds (“nominativas”). 
The Public Sector Covered Bonds of each Series will be registered in the relevant issue account opened by 
the Issuer with Interbolsa and will be held in control accounts by each Affiliate Member of Interbolsa on 
behalf of the holders of the Public Sector Covered Bonds. Such control accounts reflect at all times the 
aggregate of Public Sector Covered Bonds held in the individual securities accounts opened by the holders 
of the Public Sector Covered Bonds with each of the Affiliate Members of Interbolsa. The expression 
“Affiliate Member of Interbolsa” means any authorised financial intermediary entitled to hold control 
accounts with Interbolsa on behalf of their customers and includes any depository banks appointed by 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg for the purpose of holding accounts on behalf of Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg.

--- Page 70 ---
70 
Each person shown in the records of an Affiliate Member of Interbolsa as having an interest in the Public 
Sector Covered Bonds shall be treated as the holder of the principal amount of the Public Sector Covered 
Bonds recorded therein. 
Registering the Public Sector Covered Bonds with Interbolsa does not necessarily mean that the Public 
Sector Covered Bonds will be recognised as eligible collateral for the monetary authority of the euro area 
which comprises the ECB and the national central banks of the Member States whose currency is the Euro 
(the “Eurosystem”) monetary policy and intra-day operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue, or at 
any or all times during their life, as such recognition will depend upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria. 
Payment of principal and interest in respect of Public Sector Covered Bonds  
Payment of principal and interest in respect of the Public Sector Covered Bonds (i) in Euros will be (a) 
credited, according to the procedures and regulations of Interbolsa, by the Paying Agent (acting on behalf 
of the Issuer) to the T2 payment current-accounts held in the payment system of the T2 by the Affiliate 
Members of Interbolsa whose control accounts with Interbolsa are credited with such Public Sector Covered 
Bonds and thereafter (b) credited by such Affiliate Members of Interbolsa from the aforementioned payment 
current-accounts to the accounts of the owners of those Public Sector Covered Bonds or through Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg to the accounts with Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg of the 
beneficial owners of those Public Sector Covered Bonds, in accordance with the rules and procedures of 
Interbolsa, Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be; (ii) in currencies other than Euro 
will be (a) transferred, on the payment date and according to the procedures and regulations applicable by 
Interbolsa, from the account held by the relevant Paying Agent in the Foreign Currency Settlement System 
(Sistema de Liquidação em Moeda Estrangeira), managed by CGD, to the relevant accounts of the relevant 
Affiliate Members of Interbolsa, and thereafter (b) transferred by such Affiliate Members of Interbolsa from 
such relevant accounts to the accounts of the owners of those Public Sector Covered Bonds or through 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg to the accounts with Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg of 
the beneficial owners of those Public Sector Covered Bonds, in accordance with the rules and procedures 
of Interbolsa, Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be. 
The Issuer must provide Interbolsa with a prior notice of all payments in relation to Public Sector Covered 
Bonds and all necessary information for that purpose. In particular, such notice must contain: 
(a) 
the identity of the Paying Agent responsible for the relevant payment; and

--- Page 71 ---
71 
(b) 
a statement of acceptance of such responsibility by the Paying Agent. 
The Paying Agent notifies Interbolsa of the amounts to be paid for payments to be processed in accordance 
with Interbolsa procedures and regulations. In the case of a partial payment, the amount held in the relevant 
current account of the Paying Agent must be apportioned pro-rata between the accounts of the Affiliate 
Members of Interbolsa.  
Transfer of Public Sector Covered Bonds held through Interbolsa 
Public Sector Covered Bonds may, subject to compliance with all applicable rules, restrictions and 
requirements of Interbolsa and Portuguese law, be transferred to a person who wishes to hold such Public 
Sector Covered Bonds. No owner of a Public Sector Covered Bond will be able to transfer such Public 
Sector Covered Bond, except in accordance with Portuguese Law and the applicable procedures of 
Interbolsa.

--- Page 72 ---
72 
FINAL TERMS OF THE PUBLIC SECTOR COVERED BONDS 
The form of Final Terms that will be issued in respect of each Tranche of Public Sector Covered Bonds issued under 
the Programme, subject only to the deletion of non-applicable provisions, is set out below: 
Final Terms dated [●] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS 
The Public Sector Covered Bonds are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to (and 
should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to) any retail investor in the European Economic 
Area (the “EEA”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail 
client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU of the European Parliament and of 
the Council of 15 May (as amended, “MiFID II”), (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 
2016/97 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 January on insurance distribution (recast), 
where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of 
MiFID II or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) No. 2017/1129 (the “Prospectus 
Regulation”). Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No. 1286/2014 (as 
amended, the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Public Sector Sector Covered Bonds or 
otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or 
selling the Public Sector Covered Bonds or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the 
EEA might be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.] 6 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS 
The Public Sector Covered Bonds are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and 
should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom 
(“UK”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as 
defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No. 2017/565 as it forms part of UK domestic law by 
virtue of the EU (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”), (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions 
of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the “FSMA”) and any rules or regulations made under 
the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional 
 
 
6 Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if the Public Sector Covered Bonds potentially constitute 
“packaged” products and no key information document will be prepared in the EEA or the Issuer wishes to prohibit 
offers to EEA retail investors for any other reason, in which case the selling restriction should be specified to be 
“Applicable”.

--- Page 73 ---
73 
client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No. 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic 
law by virtue of the EUWA, or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No. 
2017/1129 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently, no key information 
document required by Regulation (EU) No. 1286/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Public Sector Covered Bonds or otherwise 
making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the 
Public Sector Covered Bonds or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be 
unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.] 7 
[MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE – PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ELIGIBLE 
COUNTERPARTIES ONLY TARGET MARKET 
Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment 
in respect of the Public Sector Covered Bonds has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the 
Public Sector Covered Bonds is eligible counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in 
Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Public Sector 
Covered Bonds to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently 
offering, selling or recommending the Public Sector Covered Bonds (a “distributor”) should take into 
consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II 
is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Public Sector Covered 
Bonds (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels.] 8 
[UK MiFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE – PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ELIGIBLE 
COUNTERPARTIES ONLY TARGET MARKET 
Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment 
in respect of the Public Sector Covered Bonds has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the 
Public Sector Covered Bonds is only eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of 
Business Sourcebook ("COBS"), and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No. 600/2014 as it 
forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the [EU (Withdrawal) Act 2018/EUWA] ("UK MiFIR"); and (ii) 
 
 
7 Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if the Public Sector Covered Bonds potentially constitute “packaged” products and no key 
information document will be prepared in the UK or the Issuer wishes to prohibit offers to UK retail investors for any other reason, in which case 
the selling restriction should be specified to be “Applicable”. 
8 Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms, to outline the product approval process of any applicable EU MiFID manufacturer.

--- Page 74 ---
74 
all channels for distribution of the Public Sector Covered Bonds to eligible counterparties and professional 
clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Public Sector 
Covered Bonds (a "UK distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market 
assessment; however, a UK distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product 
Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking its 
own target market assessment in respect of the Public Sector Covered Bonds (by either adopting or refining 
the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 9 
[NOTIFICATION UNDER SECTION 309B(1)(c) OF THE SECURITIES AND FUTURES ACT 2001 
OF SINGAPORE (as amended or modified from time to time, the “SFA”) – Insert notice if classification 
of the Public Sector Covered Bonds is not “prescribed capital markets products”, pursuant to Section 309B 
of the SFA or Excluded Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of 
Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products).]10 
 
 
Banco BPI, S.A. 
Legal entity identifier (LEI): 3DM5DPGI3W6OU6GJ4N92 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche of Public Sector Covered Bonds] [[●] per cent./Floating 
Rate/Zero Coupon] Public Sector Covered Bonds due [●] 
under the €2,000,000,000 Public Sector Covered Bonds Programme 
THE PUBLIC SECTOR COVERED BONDS (AS DESCRIBED HEREIN) ARE ISSUED IN 
ACCORDANCE WITH DECREE-LAW NO. 31/2022, OF 6 MAY 2022 (THE “LEGAL REGIME OF 
PUBLIC SECTOR COVERED BONDS”). THE ISSUER HAS THE CAPACITY TO ISSUE PUBLIC 
SECTOR COVERED BONDS IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LEGAL REGIME OF PUBLIC SECTOR 
COVERED BONDS. THE FINANCIAL OBLIGATIONS OF THE ISSUER UNDER THE PUBLIC 
 
 
9 Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms, to outline the product approval process of any applicable UK MiFIR manufacturer. 
10 Relevant Manager(s)/Dealer to consider whether it / they have received the necessary product classification from the Issuer prior to the launch 
of the offer, pursuant to Section 309B of the SFA.

--- Page 75 ---
75 
SECTOR COVERED BONDS ARE SECURED BY THE COVER POOL MAINTAINED BY THE 
ISSUER IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LEGAL REGIME OF PUBLIC SECTOR COVERED BONDS. 
This document constitutes the Final Terms relating to the issue of Public Sector Covered Bonds 
described herein. 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS  
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the terms and conditions of the Public 
Sector Covered Bonds (the “Terms and Conditions”) set forth in the Base Prospectus dated 24 October 2024 [and the 
supplements dated [●]](the “Base Prospectus”), which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of 
Regulation No. (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017 (the “Prospectus 
Regulation”). The Terms and Conditions are incorporated by reference into in each Public Sector Public Sector 
described herein, as applicable. This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Public Sector Public Sector described 
herein for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with such Base 
Prospectus [, as supplemented]. A copy of the Base Prospectus [and any supplements thereto] [is] [are] available for 
viewing at www.bancobpi.pt and www.cmvm.pt. A copy of these Final Terms is available for viewing at 
www.bancobpi.pt and www.cmvm.pt.] 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as “Not Applicable” (N/A). Note that the numbering should 
remain as set out below, even if “Not Applicable” is indicated for individual paragraphs or sub-paragraphs. Italics 
denote guidance for completing the Final Terms.] 
[When completing any final terms, or adding any other final terms or information, consideration should be given as 
to whether such terms or information constitute “significant new factors” and consequently trigger the need for a 
supplement to the Base Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.] 
1. 
(i) 
Issuer 
Banco BPI, S.A. 
 
(ii) Series Number: 
[●] 
(iii) [Tranche Number: 
[●] 
 
 
[(If fungible with an existing Series, details of that Series, 
including the date on which the Public Sector Covered 
Bonds become fungible.)] 
2. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[●] 
3. 
(i) 
Aggregate Nominal Amount of Public 
Sector Covered Bonds:

--- Page 76 ---
76 
 
A. Series: 
[●] 
 
B. Tranche: 
[●] 
 
(ii) Specify 
whether 
Public 
Sector 
Covered Bonds are to be admitted to 
trading  
[Yes (if so, specify each Series/Tranche)/No] 
4. 
Issue Price: 
[●] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [plus 
accrued interest from [insert date] (in the case of fungible 
issues only, if applicable)] 
5. 
Specified Denominations: 
[●] 
 
 
(N.B. the minimum denomination of each Public Sector 
Covered Bond is €100,000) 
6. 
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[●] 
 
(ii) [Interest Commencement Date (if 
different from the Issue Date)]: 
[●] 
(NB: An Interest Commencement Date will not be relevant 
for certain Public Sector Covered Bonds, for example Zero 
Coupon Public Sector Covered Bonds.) 
7. 
Maturity Date: 
[specify date (for Fixed Rate Public Sector Covered Bonds) 
or (for Floating Rate Public Sector Covered Bonds) Interest 
Payment Date falling in or nearest to the relevant month and 
year] 
(NB: In case (i) no Extended Maturity Date is specified or 
(ii) an Extended Maturity Date is specified when a Series of 
Public Sector Covered Bonds with no Extended Maturity 
Date feature is outstanding, the Issuer, when deciding the 
applicable Maturity Date, shall ensure that such change will 
not affect the ranking of outstanding Public Sector Covered 
Bonds nor invert the sequencing of the original maturity 
schedule of outstanding Public Sector Covered Bonds in 
case of resolution or liquidation.) 
8. 
Extended Maturity Date: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[insert date] (The date shall be at least one year after the 
Maturity Date, provided that in any case the Issuer may not 
specify an Extended Maturity Date that is earlier than the 
applicable Extended Maturity Date for any other

--- Page 77 ---
77 
outstanding Series of Public Sector Covered Bonds with an 
earlier Maturity Date.) 
9. 
Interest Basis: 
(i) 
Period to (but excluding) Maturity 
Date (or the Extension Cessation Date, 
if applicable): 
 
 
[[●] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
[[EURIBOR] +/- Margin] 
[Margin = [●] per cent.] 
[Zero Coupon] 
(further particulars specified below) 
 
(ii) Period from (and including) Maturity 
Date up to (but excluding) Extended 
Maturity Date (subject to Condition 
6.7(F)): 
[Not Applicable]/[[●] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
[[EURIBOR] +/- Margin] 
[Margin = [●] per cent.] 
[Zero Coupon] 
(further particulars specified below)  
10. 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
[Redemption at par] 
[Other (specify)] 
11. 
Change of Interest or Redemption/Payment 
Basis 
[Specify details of any provision for change of Public Sector 
Covered Bonds into another interest or redemption/payment 
basis] 
12. 
Put/Call Options: 
[Investor Put] 
[Issuer Call] 
[Not Applicable] 
[(further particulars specified below)] 
13. 
(i) 
Status of the Public Sector Covered 
Bonds: 
The Public Sector Covered Bonds will be direct, 
unconditional and senior obligations of the Issuer and rank 
equally with all other public sector covered bonds issued or 
to be issued by the Issuer. The Public Sector Covered Bonds 
will qualify as public sector covered bonds for the purposes 
of the Legal Regime of Public Sector Covered Bonds. 
 
(ii) [Date [Board] approval for issuance of 
Public 
Sector 
Covered 
Bonds 
obtained]: 
[●] 
14. 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated]

--- Page 78 ---
78 
15. 
Listing/Admission to Regulated Market 
[Euronext Lisbon/specify other/None] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE  
16. 
Fixed Rate Public Sector Covered Bonds 
Provisions: 
 
 
• 
To Maturity Date (or the Extension 
Cessation Date, if applicable): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable, delete the 
remaining subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
 
• 
From 
Maturity 
Date 
up 
to 
Extended Maturity Date (subject to 
Condition 6.7(F)): 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If subparagraphs (i) and (ii) 
not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs of this 
paragraph)  
(State “Not Applicable” unless Extended Maturity Date 
applies and the Public Sector Covered Bonds are Fixed Rate 
Public Sector Covered Bonds after the Maturity Date 
(subject to Condition 6.7(F).) 
 
(i) 
Rate(s) of Interest: 
• 
To Maturity Date (or the 
Extension Cessation Date, if 
applicable): 
 
[●] per cent. per annum [payable [annually/semi-
annually/quarterly/other (specify)] in arrear] 
 
• 
From Maturity Date up to 
Extended Maturity Date (subject 
to Condition 6.7(F)): 
[Not Applicable]/[●] per cent. per annum. [payable 
[annually/semi-annually/quarterly/other 
(specify)] 
in 
arrear]  
(State “Not Applicable” unless Extended Maturity Date 
applies and the Public Sector Covered Bonds are Fixed Rate 
Public Sector Covered Bonds after the Maturity Date 
(subject to Condition 6.7(F)).) 
 
(ii) Interest Payment Date(s): 
• 
To Maturity Date: 
 
[[●] in each year up to and including the Maturity Date / 
[specify other]] 
 
• 
From Maturity Date up to 
Extended Maturity Date: 
[Not Applicable] [[●] in each month up to and including the 
Extended Maturity Date]/[specify other]  
(State “Not Applicable” unless Extended Maturity Date 
applies and the Public Sector Covered Bonds are Fixed Rate 
Public Sector Covered Bonds after the Maturity Date 
(subject to Condition 6.7(F)).)

--- Page 79 ---
79 
(NB: This will need to be amended in the case of long or 
short coupons) 
 
(iii) Fixed Coupon Amount [(s)]: 
• 
To Maturity Date: 
 
[[●] per [●] in nominal amount] 
 
• 
From Maturity Date up to 
Extended Maturity Date: 
[Not Applicable] [[●] per [●] in nominal amount]  
[State “Not Applicable” unless Extended Maturity Date 
applies and the Public Sector Covered Bonds are Fixed Rate 
Public Sector Covered Bonds after the Maturity Date.] 
 
(iv) Broken Amount: 
• 
To Maturity Date: 
 
[Insert particulars of any initial or final broken interest 
amounts which do not correspond with the Fixed Coupon 
Amount [(s)] and the Interest Payment Date(s) to which they 
relate] 
 
• 
From Maturity Date up to 
Extended Maturity Date: 
[Not Applicable] [Insert particulars of any initial or final 
broken interest amounts which do not correspond with the 
Fixed Coupon Amount [(s)] and the Interest Payment 
Date(s) to which they relate]  
(State “Not Applicable” unless Extended Maturity Date 
applies and the Public Sector Covered Bonds are Fixed Rate 
Public Sector Covered Bonds after the Maturity Date 
(subject to Condition 6.7(F).) 
 
(v) Day Count Fraction  
• 
To Maturity Date (or the 
Extension Cessation Date, if 
applicable): 
 
[30/360 or Actual/Actual (ICMA) or [specify other]  
 
• 
From Maturity Date up to 
Extended Maturity Date (subject 
to Condition 6.7(F): 
[Not Applicable] [30/360 or Actual/Actual (ICMA) or 
[specify other] 
(State “Not Applicable” unless Extended Maturity Date 
applies and the Public Sector Covered Bonds are Fixed Rate 
Public Sector Covered Bonds after the Maturity Date 
(subject to Condition 6.7(F)).) 
 
(vi) Determination Date(s): 
• 
To Maturity Date: 
 
[[Insert day(s) and month(s) on which interest is normally 
paid (if more than one, then insert such dates in the 
alternative)] in each year]

--- Page 80 ---
80 
 
• 
From Maturity Date up to 
Extended Maturity Date: 
[Not Applicable] [Insert day(s) and month(s) on which 
interest is normally paid (if more than one, then insert such 
dates in the alternative)]  
(State “Not Applicable” unless Extended Maturity Date 
applies and the Public Sector Covered Bonds are Fixed Rate 
Public Sector Covered Bonds after the Maturity Date 
(subject to Condition 6.7(F).) 
 
(vii) Other terms relating to the method of 
calculating interest for Fixed Rate 
Public Sector Covered Bonds: 
[None/give details] 
17. 
Floating Rate Public Sector Covered Bonds 
Provisions: 
• 
To Maturity Date (or the 
Extension Cessation Date, if 
applicable): 
 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable, delete the 
remaining subparagraphs of this paragraph.) 
 
• 
From Maturity Date up to 
Extended Maturity Date (subject 
to Condition 6.7(F)): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable, delete the 
remaining subparagraphs of this paragraph.)  
(State “Not Applicable” unless Extended Maturity Date 
applies and the Public Sector Covered Bonds are Floating 
Rate Public Sector Covered Bonds after the Maturity Date 
(subject to Condition 6.7(F)).) 
 
(i) 
Specified Period(s)/Specified Interest 
Payment Dates: 
 
 
• 
To Maturity Date: 
[●] 
 
• 
From Maturity Date up to 
Extended Maturity Date: 
[Not Applicable]/[●]  
(State “Not Applicable” unless Extended Maturity Date 
applies and the Public Sector Covered Bonds are Floating 
Rate Public Sector Covered Bonds after the Maturity Date.) 
 
(ii) Business Day Convention: 
• 
To Maturity Date (or the 
Extension Cessation Date, if 
applicable): 
 
[Floating Rate Convention/ Following Business Day 
Convention/ Modified Following (Adjusted) Business Day 
Convention/Preceding Business Day Convention/Other 
(give details)]

--- Page 81 ---
81 
 
• 
From Maturity Date up to 
Extended Maturity Date (subject 
to Condition 6.7(F)): 
[Not Applicable]/[Floating Rate Convention/ Following 
Business Day Convention/ Modified Following (Adjusted) 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Other (give details)]  
(State “Not Applicable” unless Extended Maturity Date 
applies and the Public Sector Covered Bonds are Floating 
Rate Public Sector Covered Bonds after the Maturity Date.) 
 
(iii) Additional Business Centre(s): 
• 
To Maturity Date (or the 
Extension Cessation Date, if 
applicable): 
 
[●] 
 
• 
From Maturity Date up to 
Extended Maturity Date (subject 
to Condition 6.7(F)): 
[Not Applicable]/[●]  
(State “Not Applicable” unless Extended Maturity Date 
applies and the Public Sector Covered Bonds are Floating 
Rate Public Sector Covered Bonds after the Maturity Date.) 
 
(iv) Party responsible for calculating the 
rate of interest and Interest Amount (if 
not the Calculation Agent): 
 
 
 
• 
To Maturity Date (or the 
Extension Cessation Date, if 
applicable): 
[●] 
 
• 
From Maturity Date up to 
Extended Maturity Date (subject 
to Condition 6.7(F)): 
[Not Applicable]/[●] 
(State “Not Applicable” unless Extended Maturity Date 
applies and the Public Sector Covered Bonds are Floating 
Rate Public Sector Covered Bonds after the Maturity Date.) 
 
(v) Screen Rate Determination: 
 
 
       a) To Maturity Date (or the Extension 
Cessation Date, if applicable): 
 
 
Reference Rate: 
[●] 
 
Interest Determination Date: 
[●] (Second day on which the T2 is open prior to the start of 
each Interest Period if EURIBOR) 
 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[●] (in the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters EURIBOR01 
ensure it is a page which shows a composite rate or amend 
the fallback provisions accordingly)

--- Page 82 ---
82 
 
       b) From Maturity Date up to Extended 
Maturity Date (subject to Condition 
6.7(F)): 
[Not Applicable]  
(State “Not Applicable” unless Extended Maturity Date 
applies and the Public Sector Covered Bonds are Floating 
Rate Public Sector Covered Bonds after the Maturity Date.) 
 
Reference Rate: 
[●] 
 
Interest Determination Date: 
[●] (Second day on which the T2 is open prior to the start of 
each Interest Period if EURIBOR) 
 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[●] (in the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters EURIBOR01 
ensure it is a page which shows a composite rate or amend 
the fallback provisions accordingly) 
 
(vi) Margin(s): 
 
 
• 
To 
Maturity 
Date 
(or the 
Extension Cessation Date, if 
applicable 
[+/-] [●] per cent. per annum 
 
• 
From Maturity Date up to 
Extended Maturity Date (subject 
to Condition 6.7(F)): 
[Not Applicable]/[+/-] [●] per cent. per annum  
(State “Not Applicable” unless Extended Maturity Date 
applies and the Public Sector Covered Bonds are Floating 
Rate Public Sector Covered Bonds after the Maturity Date.) 
 
(vii) Minimum rate of interest: 
• 
To Maturity Date (or the 
Extension Cessation Date, if 
applicable): 
 
[●] per cent. per annum 
 
• 
From Maturity Date up to 
Extended Maturity Date (subject 
to Condition 6.7(F)): 
[Not Applicable]/[●] per cent. per annum 
(State “Not Applicable” unless Extended Maturity Date 
applies and the Public Sector Covered Bonds are Floating 
Rate Public Sector Covered Bonds after the Maturity Date.) 
 
(viii) Maximum rate of interest: 
• 
To Maturity Date (or the 
Extension Cessation Date, if 
applicable): 
 
[●] per cent. per annum 
 
• 
From Maturity Date up to 
Extended Maturity Date (subject 
to Condition 6.7(F)): 
[Not Applicable]/[●] per cent. per annum

--- Page 83 ---
83 
(State “Not Applicable” unless Extended Maturity Date 
applies and the Public Sector Covered Bonds are Floating 
Rate Public Sector Covered Bonds after the Maturity Date.) 
 
(ix) Day Count Fraction: 
• 
To Maturity Date (or the Extension 
Cessation Date, if applicable): 
 
 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA) 
Actual/365 (Fixed) 
Actual/365 (Sterling) 
Actual/360 
30/360 
30E/360 
30E/360 (ISDA) 
Other] 
(see Condition 4 (Interest) for alternatives) 
 
• 
From 
Maturity 
Date 
up 
to 
Extended Maturity Date (subject to 
Condition 6.7(F)): 
[Not Applicable]/  
[Actual/Actual (ISDA) 
Actual/365 (Fixed) 
Actual/365 (Sterling) 
Actual/360 
30/360 
30E/360 
30E/360 (ISDA) 
Other] (see Condition 4 (Interest) for alternatives)  
(State “Not Applicable” unless Extended Maturity Date 
applies and the Public Sector Covered Bonds are Floating 
Rate Public Sector Covered Bonds after the Maturity Date.) 
 
(x) Fall 
back 
provisions, 
rounding 
provisions, denominator and any other 
terms relating to the method of 
calculating interest on Floating Rate 
Public Sector Covered Bonds, if 
different from those set out in the 
Terms and Conditions:

--- Page 84 ---
84 
 
• 
To 
Maturity 
Date 
(or the 
Extension Cessation Date, if 
applicable): 
[●] 
 
• 
From Maturity Date up to 
Extended Maturity Date (subject 
to Condition 6.7(F)): 
[Not Applicable]/[●]  
(State “Not Applicable” unless Extended Maturity Date 
applies and the Public Sector Covered Bonds are Floating 
Rate Public Sector Covered Bonds after the Maturity Date.) 
18. 
Zero Coupon Public Sector Covered Bonds 
Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable, delete the 
remaining subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Accrual Yield: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
 
(ii) Reference Price 
[●] 
 
(iii) Any 
other 
formula/basis 
of 
determining amount payable: 
[●] 
 
(iv) Day Count Fraction in relation to late 
payment: 
[Condition 6.6 applies/Other (specify other)] 
(consider applicable day count fraction if not U.S. dollar 
denominated) 
 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
19. 
Issuer Call Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable, delete the 
remaining subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[●] 
 
(ii) Optional Redemption Amount(s) of 
each Public Sector Covered Bond and 
method, if any, of calculation of such 
amount(s): 
[●] per Public Sector Covered Bond of [●] Specified 
Denomination 
 
(iii) If redeemable in part: 
(a) 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
(b) 
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
 
[●] 
[●]

--- Page 85 ---
85 
 
(iv) Notice period (if other than as set out 
in the Terms and Conditions): 
[●] (NB: If setting notice periods which are different to those 
provided in the Terms and Conditions, the Issuer is advised 
to consider the practicalities of distribution of information 
through intermediaries, for example, clearing systems and 
custodians, as well as any other notice requirements which 
may apply, for example, as between the Issuer and the 
Agent) 
20. 
Investor Put Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs of 
this paragraph)  
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[●] 
 
(ii) Optional Redemption Amount(s) of 
each Public Sector Covered Bond and 
method, if any, of calculation of such 
amount(s): 
[●] per Public Sector Covered Bond of [●] Specified 
Denomination 
 
(iii) Notice period: 
[●] (NB: If setting notice periods which are different to those 
provided in the Terms and Conditions, the Issuer is advised 
to consider the practicalities of distribution of information 
through intermediaries, for example, clearing systems and 
custodians, as well as any other notice requirements which 
may apply, for example, as between the Issuer and the 
Agent) 
21. 
Final Redemption Amount of each Public 
Sector Covered Bond 
[[●] per Public Sector Covered Bond of [●] Specified 
Denomination] 
22. 
[Early Redemption Amount of each Public 
Sector Covered Bond payable on an event 
of default and/or the method of calculating 
the same (if required or if different from that 
set out in Condition 6 (Redemption and 
Purchase))] 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(NB: The Final Redemption Amount shall correspond at 
least to the nominal amount) 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE PUBLIC SECTOR COVERED BONDS  
23. 
Form of Public Sector Covered Bonds: 
Registered Public Sector Covered Bonds (nominativas) in 
book entry form (escriturais) 
24. 
Additional Financial Centre(s) or other 
special provisions relating to Payment 
Dates: 
[Not Applicable/give details]

--- Page 86 ---
86 
(Note that this item relates to the place of payment and not 
Interest Period end dates to which item 17 (iii) relates) 
25. 
Redenomination applicable: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(if 
Redenomination 
is 
applicable, specify the terms of the redenomination in an 
Annex to the Final Terms) 
26. 
Other final terms: 
[Not Applicable/give details]  
(When adding on any other final terms consideration should 
be given as to whether such terms constitute ‘‘significant 
new factors’’ and consequently trigger the need for a 
supplement to the Base Prospectus under Article 23 of the 
Prospectus Regulation.) 
 
 
[In order for withholding tax not to apply the holders of the 
Public Sector Covered Bonds must, inter alia, deliver 
certain tax certifications. See Taxation section.] 
DISTRIBUTION  
27. 
(i) 
If syndicated, names of Dealers: 
[Not Applicable/give names and date of relevant agreement] 
 
(ii) Stabilisation Manager (if any): 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
 
(iii) Commission 
Payable 
/ 
Selling 
Concession: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
26. 
If non-syndicated, name of relevant Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give name and date of relevant agreement] 
27. 
U.S. Selling Restrictions 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
28. 
Additional selling restrictions: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
29. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the offered Public Sector Covered Bonds clearly do not 
constitute “packaged” products or the Public Sector 
Covered Bonds do constitute “packaged” products and a 
key information document will be prepared in the EEA, “Not 
Applicable” should be specified. If the offer of the Public 
Sector Covered Bonds may constitute “packaged” products 
and no KID will be prepared in the EEA, “Applicable” 
should be specified)

--- Page 87 ---
87 
 
30. 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If the Public Sector Covered Bonds clearly do not constitute 
“packaged” products or the Public Sector Covered Bonds 
do constitute “packaged” products and a key information 
document will be prepared in the UK, “Not Applicable” 
should be specified. If the Public Sector Covered Bonds may 
constitute “packaged” products and no KID will be 
prepared in the UK, “Applicable” should be specified) 
31. 
Prohibition of Sales to Belgian Consumers: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(N.B. advice should be taken from Belgian counsel before 
disapplying this selling restriction) 
32. 
[Singapore Sales to Institutional Investors 
and Accredited Investors only: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(Consider deleting this subparagraph if no sales are being 
made to Singapore) 
(If the Public Sector Covered Bonds are offered to 
Institutional Investors and Accredited Investors in 
Singapore only, “Applicable” should be specified.  
If the Public Sector Covered Bonds are also offered to 
investors other than Institutional Investors and Accredited 
Investors in Singapore, “Not Applicable” should be 
specified, however, parties, should consider the Monetary 
Authority of Singapore’s Notice on Business Conduct 
Requirements for Corporate Finance Advisers on 23 
February 2023 and the related due diligence requirements, 
and “Not Applicable” should only be specified if no 
corporate finance advice is given by any Manager or 
Dealer)] 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING APPLICATION 
These Final Terms comprise the final terms required to list the issue of the Public Sector Covered Bonds described 
herein pursuant to the €2,000,000,000 Public Sector Covered Bonds Programme of Banco BPI, S.A. 
RESPONSIBILITY 
The Issuer is responsible for the information contained in these Final Terms. [Relevant third party information] has 
been extracted from [specify source]. The Issuer confirms that such information has been accurately reproduced and 
that, so far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain [from information published by [specify source]], no facts have been 
omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. 
 
Signed on behalf of the Issuer: 
Signed on behalf of the Issuer: 
By: ................................................................... 
By: ................................................................... 
Duly authorised 
Duly authorised

--- Page 88 ---
88 
 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
4 Listing 
 
(i) 
Listing and admission: 
[Application [has been made/is expected to be made] 
for the Public Sector Covered Bonds to be admitted 
to trading on [Euronext Lisbon/Other (specify) 
/None] with effect from [•].] [Not Applicable] 
(Where documenting a fungible issue need to 
indicate that original securities are already admitted 
to trading.) 
 
(ii) Estimate of total expenses related to 
admission to trading 
[●] 
 
5 Ratings 
 
Ratings: 
The Public Sector Covered Bonds to be issued [have 
been]/[are expected to be] rated [insert details] by 
[insert the legal name of the relevant credit rating 
agency entity(ies) and associated defined terms]. 
Each of [defined terms] is established in the 
[European Economic Area (“EEA”) / United 
Kingdom 
(“UK”)] 
and 
is 
registered 
under 
[Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009, as amended (the 
“CRA Regulation”) / Regulation (EC) No. 
1060/2009 as it forms part of UK domestic law by 
virtue of the EU (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “UK 
CRA Regulation”)]: 
 
 
[DBRS: [•]] 
 
 
[Moody’s: [●]] 
 
 
[[●] (specify): [●]] 
 
 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating 
allocated to the Public Sector Covered Bonds being 
issued) 
[Need to include a brief explanation of the meaning 
of the ratings if this has previously been published by 
the rating provider.]

--- Page 89 ---
89 
[[Insert credit rating agency] is established in the 
EEA/UK.] and is registered under the [CRA 
Regulation/UK CRA Regulation] 
However, the ratings [[have been]/[are expected to 
be]] endorsed by [insert the name of the relevant 
EEA/UK entity] in accordance with the [CRA 
Regulation/UK CRA Regulation]. [Insert the name of 
the relevant EEA/UK entity] is established in the 
[EEA/UK] 
and 
registered 
under 
the 
[CRA 
Regulation/UK CRA Regulation.] 
 
6 
[Interests of Natural and Legal Persons Involved in the [Issue/Offer] 
Need to include a description of any interest, including conflicting ones, that is material to the issue/offer, 
detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest. May be satisfied by the inclusion of the following 
statement: 
Save as discussed in [“Subscription and Sale”], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the offer of 
the Public Sector Covered Bonds has an interest material to the offer.” – amend as appropriate if there are other 
interests] 
 
7 
Reasons for the Offer, Estimated Net Proceeds (Issue Price minus the fees payable to the 
Dealer) and Estimated Total Expenses (the total expenses relating to admission to trading 
and the fees payable to the Dealer) 
 
(i) 
Reasons for the offer 
[●] 
 
 
(See “USE OF PROCEEDS” wording in the Base 
Prospectus – if reasons for the offer differ from what 
is disclosed in the Base Prospectus will need to 
include those reasons here.) 
 
(ii) 
Estimated net proceeds 
[●] 
 
 
(If proceeds are intended for more than one use will 
need to split out and present in order of priority. If 
proceeds insufficient to fund all proposed uses state 
amount and sources of other funding.) 
 
(iii) 
Estimated total expenses: 
[●]

--- Page 90 ---
90 
8 Yield  
 
Indication of yield: 
[●] 
 
 
[The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the basis 
of the Issue Price. It is not an indication of future 
yield.] 
[The yield for Floating Rate Public Sector Covered 
Bonds is an estimation only and calculated with 
reference to the Rate of Interest that would be 
payable if the Issue Date would be an Interest 
Payment Date and on the assumption that such Rate 
of Interest (comprising the relevant rate plus margin) 
would not change in the future. Investors should be 
aware that the Rate of Interest payable on each 
Interest Payment Date will be subject to the variation 
of the relevant Reference Rate. The index used to 
calculate the yield was [•]] 
9 Operational Information 
 
ISIN Code: 
[●] 
 
Common Code: 
[●] 
 
FISN: 
[•]/[Not Applicable] 
 
CFI: 
[•]/[Not Applicable] 
 
Name(s) and address(es) of additional Paying 
Agent(s) (if any): 
[●] 
 
 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
 
[Intended to be held in a manner which would 
allow Eurosystem eligibility:] 
 
 
 
 
 
 
[Yes]/[No] 
[Note that the designation “yes” simply means that 
the Public Sector Covered Bonds are intended upon 
issue to be registered with Interbolsa – Sociedade 
Gestora de Sistemas de Liquidação e de Sistemas 
Centralizados de Valores Mobiliários, S.A., in its 
capacity as a securities settlement system, and does 
not necessarily mean that the Public Sector Covered 
Bonds will be recognised as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit

--- Page 91 ---
91 
 
 
 
Stabilisation Operation: 
operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at 
any or all times during their life. Such recognition 
will depend upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria.] 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
[If applicable, name of the Stabilisation Manager and 
Period; Other information] 
 
Intended to be labelled as “European Covered 
Bond (Premium)”: 
[Yes]/[No]

--- Page 92 ---
92 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE PUBLIC SECTOR COVERED BONDS 
The following are the Terms and Conditions of the Public Sector Covered Bonds. The applicable Final 
Terms in relation to any Tranche of Public Sector Covered Bonds may specify other terms and conditions 
which shall, to the extent so specified or to the extent inconsistent with the following Terms and Conditions, 
replace or modify the following Terms and Conditions for the purpose of such Public Sector Covered Bonds 
and shall be included in a supplement prepared by the Issuer for such purpose. The applicable Final Terms 
(or the relevant provisions thereof) will be incorporated by reference or endorsed upon, or attached to, 
each Public Sector Covered Bond. Reference should be made to ‘‘Final Terms of the Public Sector Covered 
Bonds’’ for a description of the content of Final Terms which will specify which of such terms are to apply 
in relation to the relevant Public Sector Covered Bonds. 
THE PUBLIC SECTOR COVERED BONDS (AS DEFINED IN THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS) ARE PUBLIC 
SECTOR COVERED BONDS (“OBRIGAÇÕES COBERTAS”) ISSUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LEGAL 
REGIME OF PUBLIC SECTOR COVERED BONDS (AS DEFINED IN THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS). THE 
ISSUER (AS DEFINED IN THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS) IS A CREDIT INSTITUTION WITH THE 
CAPACITY TO ISSUE PUBLIC SECTOR COVERED BONDS PURSUANT TO THE LEGAL REGIME OF PUBLIC 
SECTOR COVERED BONDS. THE FINANCIAL OBLIGATIONS OF THE ISSUER UNDER THE LEGAL REGIME 
OF PUBLIC SECTOR COVERED BONDS ARE SECURED BY THE ASSETS THAT COMPRISE THE COVER POOL 
(AS DEFINED BELOW) MAINTAINED BY THE ISSUER IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LEGAL REGIME OF 
PUBLIC SECTOR COVERED BONDS. 
It is the intention of the Issuer, but not its contractual undertaking, that any Public Sector Covered Bonds to 
be issued are able to bear the label “European Covered Bond (Premium)”, as foreseen in article 42(2) of the 
Legal Regime of Public Sector Covered Bonds. The actual ability for such label to be used will depend on 
the compliance over time with the relevant requirements of the Legal Regime of Public Sector Covered 
Bonds and of article 129 of the CRR. 
References herein to the Public Sector Covered Bonds shall be references to the Public Sector Covered 
Bonds of this Series and shall mean the book-entries corresponding to the units of the lowest Specified 
Denomination in the Specified Currency (as specified in the applicable Final Terms). 
The Public Sector Covered Bonds have the benefit of a set of agency and payments procedures (such agency 
and payments procedures as amended and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the “Agency 
and Payments Procedures”) dated 19 June 2008 and made and agreed by Banco BPI, S.A. (acting in its

--- Page 93 ---
93 
capacity as Agent and Paying Agent, which expressions shall include any successors, and as Issuer), as 
amended and restated from time to time, and by any subsequent agent and/or paying agent appointed by the 
Issuer. 
Any reference to “holders of Public Sector Covered Bonds” shall mean the person or entity registered as 
such in the individual securities’ account held with the relevant Affiliate Member of Interbolsa.  
As used herein, “Tranche” means Public Sector Covered Bonds which are identical in all respects 
(including as to listing) and “Series” means a Tranche of Public Sector Covered Bonds together with any 
further Tranche or Tranches of Public Sector Covered Bonds which are (i) expressed to be consolidated and 
form a single series and (ii) identical in all respects (including as to listing) except for their respective Issue 
Dates, Interest Commencement Dates, interest rates and/or Issue Prices. 
Copies of the Agency and Payments Procedures are (i) available for inspection or collection during normal 
business hours at the specified office of the Paying Agent or (ii) may be provided by email to holders of 
Public Sector Covered Bonds following their prior written request to the Paying Agent and provision of 
proof of holding and identity (in a form satisfactory to the Paying Agent). Copies of the applicable Final 
Terms are obtainable at the website of the Portuguese Securities Market Commission (Comissão do 
Mercado de Valores Mobiliários) (the “CMVM”) and during normal business hours at the specified office 
of the Paying Agent save that, if these Public Sector Covered Bonds are unlisted, the applicable Final Terms 
will only be obtainable by a holder holding one or more unlisted Public Sector Covered Bonds and such 
holder must produce evidence satisfactory to the Issuer and the relevant Agent as to its holding of such 
Public Sector Covered Bonds and identity. The holders of Public Sector Covered Bonds are deemed to have 
notice of, and are entitled to the benefit of, all the provisions of the Agency and Payments Procedures and 
the applicable Final Terms which are applicable to them. The statements in these Terms and Conditions 
include summaries of, and are subject to, the detailed provisions of the Agency and Payments Procedures. 
Words and expressions defined in the Agency and Payments Procedures or used in the applicable Final 
Terms shall have the same meanings where used in these Terms and Conditions unless the context otherwise 
requires or unless otherwise stated and provided that, in the event of inconsistency between the Agency and 
Payments Procedures and the applicable Final Terms, the applicable Final Terms will prevail. 
As used herein, “outstanding” means in relation to the Public Sector Covered Bonds all the Public Sector 
Covered Bonds issued other than:

--- Page 94 ---
94 
(i) 
those Public Sector Covered Bonds which have been redeemed and cancelled pursuant to these 
Terms and Conditions;  
(ii) 
those Public Sector Covered Bonds in respect of which the date for redemption under these Terms 
and Conditions has occurred and the redemption moneys (including all interest (if any) accrued to 
the date for redemption and any interest (if any) payable under these Terms and Conditions after 
that date) have been duly paid to or to the order of the Agent in the manner provided in the Agency 
and Payments Procedures (and, where appropriate, notice to that effect has been given to the Public 
Sector Covered Bonds holders in accordance with these Terms and Conditions) and remain 
available for payment against presentation of the relevant Public Sector Covered Bonds; 
(iii) 
those Public Sector Covered Bonds which have been purchased and cancelled under these Terms 
and Conditions; and 
(iv) 
those Public Sector Covered Bonds which have become prescribed under these Terms and 
Conditions. 
1. 
FORM, DENOMINATION AND TITLE 
The Public Sector Covered Bonds are in nominative form (nominativas) form and in the Specified Currency 
and the Specified Denomination(s), as specified in the applicable Final Terms. Public Sector Covered Bonds 
of one Specified Denomination may not be exchanged for Public Sector Covered Bonds of another Specified 
Denomination. 
The Public Sector Covered Bonds will be held through Interbolsa and will be held in book-entry form (forma 
escritural) and title to the Public Sector Covered Bonds will be evidenced by book entries in accordance 
with the provisions of Portuguese Securities Code and the applicable CMVM regulations. No physical 
document of title will be issued in respect of the Public Sector Covered Bonds. Each person shown in the 
records of an Affiliate Member of Interbolsa as having an interest in Public Sector Covered Bonds shall be 
treated as the holder of the principal amount of the Public Sector Covered Bonds recorded therein. 
This Public Sector Covered Bond may be a Fixed Rate Public Sector Covered Bond, a Floating Rate Public 
Sector Covered Bond or a Zero Coupon Public Sector Covered Bond, depending upon the Interest Basis 
shown and as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Where the applicable Final Terms specify that an Extended Maturity Date applies to a Series of Public 
Sector Covered Bonds, those Public Sector Covered Bonds may be Fixed Rate Public Sector Covered

--- Page 95 ---
95 
Bonds, Floating Rate Public Sector Covered Bonds and Zero Coupon Public Sector Covered Bonds in 
respect of the period from the Issue Date to but excluding the Maturity Date and Fixed Rate Public Sector 
Covered Bonds or Floating Rate Public Sector Covered Bonds in respect of the period from the Maturity 
Date up to but excluding the Extended Maturity Date, subject as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
The Public Sector Covered Bonds to be issued on or after the date hereof will be issued in a denomination 
per unit not lower than €100,000 (or its equivalent in another currency) as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, unless the Public Sector Covered Bonds will not be distributed to the public or admitted to trading 
on an EEA regulated market, in which case lower denominations per unit may apply. 
2. 
TRANSFERS OF PUBLIC SECTOR COVERED BONDS 
The transferability of the Public Sector Covered Bonds is not restricted.  
Public Sector Covered Bonds may, subject to compliance with all applicable rules, restrictions and 
requirements of Interbolsa and Portuguese law, be transferred to a person who wishes to hold such Public 
Sector Covered Bond. No owner of a Public Sector Covered Bond will be able to transfer such Public Sector 
Covered Bond, except in accordance with Portuguese Law and with the applicable procedures of Interbolsa.  
The holders of Public Sector Covered Bonds will not be required to bear the costs and expenses of effecting 
any registration of transfer as provided above, except for any costs or expenses of delivery other than by 
regular uninsured mail and except that the Issuer may require the payment of a sum sufficient to cover any 
stamp duty, tax or other governmental charge that may be imposed in relation to the registration. 
3. 
STATUS OF THE PUBLIC SECTOR COVERED BONDS 
The Public Sector Covered Bonds and any interest thereon, constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated 
and secured obligations of the Issuer and rank pari passu without any preference among themselves. The 
Public Sector Covered Bonds are covered securities issued in accordance with the Legal Regime of Public 
Sector Covered Bonds, which are secured by the Cover Pool maintained by the Issuer in accordance with 
the terms of the Legal Regime of Public Sector Covered Bonds, and rank pari passu with all other 
obligations of the Issuer under public sector covered bonds issued or to be issued by the Issuer pursuant to 
the Legal Regime of Public Sector Covered Bonds (or which have been originally issued pursuant the to 
Public Sector Covered Bonds Law and to which the Legal Regime of Public Sector Covered Bonds became 
applicable following the approval of the Programme by the CMVM under the Legal Regime of Public Sector 
Covered Bonds).

--- Page 96 ---
96 
4. 
INTEREST 
4.1 
Interest on Fixed Rate Public Sector Covered Bonds 
Each Fixed Rate Public Sector Covered Bond bears interest on its Principal Amount Outstanding from (and 
including) the Interest Commencement Date at the rate(s) per annum equal to the rate(s) of Interest. Subject 
as provided in Condition 4.4 (Interest rate and Payments from the Maturity Date in the event of extension 
of maturity of the Public Sector Covered Bonds up to the Extended Maturity Date), interest will be payable 
in arrear on the Interest Payment Date(s) in each year up to (and including) the Maturity Date (as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms). 
Except as provided in the applicable Final Terms, the amount of interest payable on each Interest Payment 
Date in respect of the Fixed Interest Period ending on (but excluding) such date will amount to the Fixed 
Coupon Amount. Payments of interest on any Interest Payment Date will, if so specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, amount to the Broken Amount so specified.  
As used in these Terms and Conditions, “Fixed Interest Period” means the period from (and including) an 
Interest Payment Date (or the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest 
Payment Date.  
If interest is required to be calculated for a period other than a Fixed Interest Period, such interest shall be 
calculated by applying the rate of interest to the Principal Amount Outstanding of each Covered Bond, 
multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding the resultant figure to the nearest 
sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise 
in accordance with applicable market convention. 
“Day Count Fraction” means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest in accordance with this 
Condition 4.1(Interest on Fixed Rate Public Sector Covered Bonds): 
(i) 
if “Actual/Actual (ICMA)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
(a) 
in the case of Public Sector Covered Bonds where the number of days in the relevant period 
from (and including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date (the “Accrual Period”) is 
equal to or shorter than the Determination Period during which the Accrual Period ends, the 
number of days in such Accrual Period divided by the product of (1) the number of days in

--- Page 97 ---
97 
such Determination Period and (2) the number of Determination Dates (as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms) that would occur in one calendar year; or 
(b) 
in the case of Public Sector Covered Bonds where the Accrual Period is longer than the 
Determination Period during which the Accrual Period ends, the sum of: 
1. 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the Determination Period in which 
the Accrual Period begins divided by the product of (x) the number of days in such 
Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination Dates that would occur in 
one calendar year; and 
2. 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the next Determination Period 
divided by the product of (x) the number of days in such Determination Period and (y) 
the number of Determination Dates that would occur in one calendar year; and 
(ii) 
if “30/360” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the period from (and 
including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest Commencement Date) to 
(but excluding) the relevant payment date (such number of days being calculated on the basis of a 
year of 360 days with 12 30-day months) divided by 360. 
In these Terms and Conditions: 
(iii) “Determination Period” means each period from (and including) a Determination Date to (but 
excluding) the next Determination Date (including, where either the Interest Commencement Date or 
the final Interest Payment Date is not a Determination Date, the period commencing on the first 
Determination Date prior to, and ending on the first Determination Date falling after, such date);  
(iv) 
“Principal Amount Outstanding” means in respect of a Public Sector Covered Bond the principal 
amount of that Public Sector Covered Bond on the relevant Issue Date thereof less principal amounts 
received by the relevant holder of the Public Sector Covered Bond in respect thereof; and 
(v) 
“sub-unit” means, with respect to any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency 
that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, with respect to euro, one cent.

--- Page 98 ---
98 
4.2 
Interest on Floating Rate Public Sector Covered Bonds 
A. 
Interest Payment Dates  
Each Floating Rate Public Sector Covered Bond (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) bears interest 
on its Principal Amount Outstanding from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date and such 
interest will be payable in arrear on either: 
(i) 
the Specified Interest Payment Date(s) in each year specified in the applicable Final Terms; or 
(ii) 
if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are specified in the applicable Final Terms, each date (each 
such date, together with each Specified Interest Payment Date, an “Interest Payment Date”) which 
falls the number of months or other period specified as the Specified Period in the applicable Final 
Terms after the preceding Interest Payment Date or, in the case of the first Interest Payment Date, 
after the Interest Commencement Date. 
Such interest will be payable in respect of each Interest Period (which expression shall, in these Terms and 
Conditions, mean the period from (and including) an Interest Payment Date (or the Interest Commencement 
Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest Payment Date or the relevant payment date if the Public 
Sector Covered Bonds become payable on a date other than an Interest Payment Date). 
 
If a Business Day Convention is specified in the applicable Final Terms and (x) if there is no numerically 
corresponding day in the calendar month in which an Interest Payment Date should occur or (y) if any 
Interest Payment Date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, then, if the Business Day 
Convention specified is: 
(i) 
in any case where Specified Periods are specified in accordance with Condition 4.2 (A) (ii) above, 
the Floating Rate Convention (as specified in the applicable Final Terms), such Interest Payment Date 
(i) in the case of (x) above, shall be the last day that is a Business Day in the relevant month and the 
provisions of (B) below shall apply mutatis mutandis or (ii) in the case of (y) above, shall be 
postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar 
month, in which event (A) such Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward to the immediately 
preceding Business Day and (B) each subsequent Interest Payment Date shall be the last Business 
Day in the month which falls the Specified Period after the preceding applicable Interest Payment 
Date occurred; or

--- Page 99 ---
99 
(ii) 
the Following Business Day Convention (as specified in the applicable Final Terms), such Interest 
Payment Date shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day; or  
(iii) 
the Modified Following (Adjusted) Business Day Convention (as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms), such Interest Payment Date shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless 
it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event such Interest Payment Date shall 
be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day; or  
(iv) 
the Preceding Business Day Convention (as specified in the applicable Final Terms), such Interest 
Payment Date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day. 
In these Terms and Conditions, “Business Day” means a day which is both:  
(i) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in London 
and Lisbon and any Additional Business Centre(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(ii) 
either (1) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for general business 
(including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the principal financial centre 
of the country of the relevant Specified Currency (if other than London and Lisbon and any Additional 
Business Centre(s)) and which if the Specified Currency is Australian dollars shall be Sydney and or 
(2) in relation to any sum payable in euro, a day on which the T2 is open. 
B. 
Rate of interest 
Floating Rate Public Sector Covered Bonds 
The rate of interest payable from time to time in respect of Floating Rate Public Sector Covered Bonds will 
be determined in the manner specified in the applicable Final Terms, provided that (as set out below and 
detailed in the applicable Final Terms) the relevant rate of interest will be equal to the relevant reference 
rate plus or minus (as the case may be) the relevant Margin. 
(i) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Public Sector Covered Bonds: The rate of interest for 
each Interest Period, subject to Condition 4.5 (Benchmark Replacement), shall be either: 
1. 
the offered quotation (if there is only one quotation on the Relevant Screen Page); or

--- Page 100 ---
100 
2. 
the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being 
rounded upwards) of the offered quotations (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the 
Reference Rate which appears or appear, as the case may be, on the Relevant Screen Page as 
at 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time, in the case of EURIBOR) on the Interest Determination Date in 
question plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any), all as 
determined by the Agent or, where the applicable Final Terms specify a Calculation Agent, the 
Calculation Agent so specified. If five or more of such offered quotations are available on the 
Relevant Screen Page, the highest (or, if there is more than one such highest quotation, one 
only of such quotations) and the lowest (or, if there is more than one such lowest quotation, 
one only of such quotations) shall be disregarded by the Agent for the purpose of determining 
the arithmetic mean (rounded as provided above) or, as applicable, the relevant Calculation 
Agent, of such offered quotations. 
If, for the purposes of the calculations described above, the Relevant Screen Page is not available or if no 
offered quotations appear thereon, the Agent or, where the applicable Final Terms specifies a Calculation 
Agent, the Calculation Agent so specified shall request each of the Reference Banks to provide it with its 
offered quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate at 11.00 a.m. (Brussels 
time, in the case of EURIBOR) on the Interest Determination Date (as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms) in question. If two or more of the Reference Banks provide it with such offered quotations, the rate 
of interest for such Interest Period shall be the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal 
place with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) of such offered quotations plus or minus (as appropriate) the 
Margin (if any), all as determined by the Agent or, where the applicable Final Terms specifies a Calculation 
Agent, the Calculation Agent. 
If, on any Interest Determination Date, one only or none of the Reference Banks provides the Agent or, 
where the applicable Final Terms specifies a Calculation Agent, the Calculation Agent, with such offered 
quotations as provided in the preceding paragraph, the rate of interest for the relevant Interest Period shall 
be the rate per annum which the Agent or, where the applicable Final Terms specifies a Calculation Agent, 
the Calculation Agent, determines as being the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal 
place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the rates, as communicated to (and at the request of) the 
Agent or, where the applicable Final Terms specifies a Calculation Agent, the Calculation Agent, by any 
two or more of the Reference Banks, at which such banks were offered, at approximately the above specified 
time on the relevant Interest Determination Date, deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to

--- Page 101 ---
101 
that which would have been used for the Reference Rate by leading banks in the Eurozone inter-bank market 
(if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR) plus or minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any) or, if fewer than two 
of the Reference Banks provide the Agent or, where the applicable Final Terms specifies a Calculation 
Agent, the Calculation Agent, with such offered rates, the offered rate for deposits in the Specified Currency 
for a period equal to that which would have been used for the Reference Rate, or the arithmetic mean 
(rounded as provided above) of the offered rates for deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to 
that which would have been used for the Reference Rate, at which, at approximately the above specified 
time on the relevant Interest Determination Date, any one or more banks (which bank or banks is or are in 
the opinion of the Issuer suitable for such purpose) informs the Agent or, where the applicable Final Terms 
specifies a Calculation Agent, the Calculation Agent, it is quoting to leading banks in the Eurozone inter-
bank market (if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR) plus or minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any), 
provided that, if the rate of interest cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions of 
this paragraph, the rate of interest shall be determined on the Interest Determination Date for the last 
preceding Interest Period (though substituting, where a different Margin is to be applied to the relevant 
Interest Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin relating to the 
relevant Interest Period, in place of the Margin relating to that last preceding Interest Period). 
C. 
Minimum Rate of Interest and/or Maximum Rate of Interest 
If the applicable Final Terms specify a Minimum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, then, in the event 
that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in accordance with the provisions of 
paragraph B above is less than such Minimum Rate of Interest, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period 
shall be such Minimum Rate of Interest. 
If the applicable Final Terms specify a Maximum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, then, in the event 
that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in accordance with the provisions of 
paragraph B above is greater than such Maximum Rate of Interest, the Rate of Interest for such Interest 
Period shall be such Maximum Rate of Interest. 
D. 
Determination of Rate of Interest and calculation of Interest Amounts 
The Agent or, where the applicable Final Terms specify a Calculation Agent, the Calculation Agent so 
specified, will at or as soon as practicable after each time at which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, 
determine the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Period.

--- Page 102 ---
102 
The Agent or, where the applicable Final Terms specify a Calculation Agent, the Calculation Agent so 
specified, will calculate the amount of interest payable on the Floating Rate Public Sector Covered Bonds 
in respect of each Specified Denomination (each an “Interest Amount”) for the relevant Interest Period. 
Each Interest Amount shall be calculated by applying the rate of interest to the Principal Amount 
Outstanding of each Public Sector Covered Bond, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count 
Fraction, and rounding the resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half 
of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention.  
“Day Count Fraction” means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest for any Interest Period:  
(i) 
if “Actual/Actual (ISDA)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in 
the Interest Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that Interest Period falls in a leap year, the 
sum of (I) the actual number of days in that portion of the Interest Period falling in a leap year 
divided by 366 and (II) the actual number of days in that portion of the Interest Period falling in a 
non-leap year divided by 365); 
(ii) 
if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in the 
Interest Period divided by 365; 
(iii) 
if “Actual/365 (Sterling)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in 
the Interest Period divided by 365 or, in the case of an Interest Payment Date falling in a leap year, 
366; 
(iv) 
if “Actual/360” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in the Interest 
Period divided by 360; 
(v) 
if “30/360”, “360/360” or “Bond Basis” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of 
days in the Interest Period divided by 360 calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day of the Interest Period falls; 
          
          
          
          
          
360
  
          
)
D
-
  
(D
 
 
)]
M
 - 
(M
 x 
[30
 
 
)]
Y
 - 
(Y
 x 
[360
1
2
1
2
1
2
+
+

--- Page 103 ---
103 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such 
number is 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, 
in which case D2 will be 30; 
(vi) 
if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days 
in the Interest Period divided by 360 calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day of the Interest Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 
30; and 
if “30E/360 (ISDA)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the 
Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows:  
          
          
          
          
          
360
  
          
)
D
-
  
(D
 
 
)]
M
 - 
(M
 x 
[30
 
 
)]
Y
 - 
(Y
 x 
[360
1
2
1
2
1
2
+
+

--- Page 104 ---
104 
Day Count Fraction = 
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day of the Interest Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless (i) that 
day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 
30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Interest Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the 
Maturity Date or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30. 
E. 
Notification of rate of interest and Interest Amounts  
The Agent, or where the applicable Final Terms specify a Calculation Agent for this purpose, the Calculation 
Agent so specified, will cause the rate of interest and each Interest Amount for each Interest Period and the 
relevant Interest Payment Date to be notified to the Issuer and to any Stock Exchange or other relevant 
competent listing authority or quotation system on which the relevant Floating Rate Public Sector Covered 
Bonds are for the time being listed, quoted and/or traded and notice thereof to be published in accordance 
with Condition 11 (Notices) as soon as possible after their determination but in no event later than the fourth 
Lisbon Business Day thereafter. Each Interest Amount and Interest Payment Date so notified may 
subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of adjustment) without 
notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the Interest Period. Any such amendment or alternative 
arrangements will be promptly notified to the Common Representative and each Stock Exchange or other 
relevant authority on which the relevant Floating Rate Public Sector Covered Bonds are for the time being 
listed or by which they have been admitted to listing and to the holders of Public Sector Covered Bonds in 
          
          
          
          
          
360
  
          
)
D
-
  
(D
 
 
)]
M
 - 
(M
 x 
[30
 
 
)]
Y
 - 
(Y
 x 
[360
1
2
1
2
1
2
+
+

--- Page 105 ---
105 
accordance with Condition 11 (Notices). For the purposes of this paragraph, the expression “Lisbon 
Business Day” means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which banks and foreign exchange 
markets are open for general business in Lisbon. 
F. 
Certificates to be final 
All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, quotations and decisions given, 
expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this Condition 4.2 (Interest on Floating 
Rate Public Sector Covered Bonds), whether by the Agent or the Calculation Agent (if applicable) shall (in 
the absence of negligence, wilful default, bad faith or manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the Agent, 
the other Paying Agents, any Calculation Agent, the Common Representative and all holders of Public 
Sector Covered Bonds and (in the absence of wilful default or bad faith) no liability to the Issuer, any 
Calculation Agent, the holders of Public Sector Covered Bonds shall attach to the Agent in connection with 
the exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions pursuant to such provisions.  
4.3 
Accrual of interest 
Subject as provided in Condition 4.4(Interest rate and Payments from the Maturity Date in the event of 
extension of maturity of the Public Sector Covered Bonds up to the Extended Maturity Date), interest (if 
any) will cease to accrue on each Public Sector Covered Bond (or in the case of the redemption of part only 
of a Public Sector Covered Bond, that part only of such Public Sector Covered Bond) on the due date for 
redemption thereof (which, in any case where an extension of maturity ceases to apply after the Maturity 
Date pursuant to Condition 96.7(F), shall be the Extension Cessation Date) unless, upon due presentation, 
payment of principal is improperly withheld or refused. In such event, interest will continue to accrue until 
the earlier of (i) the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Public Sector Covered Bond have been 
paid; and (ii) 5 days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in respect of such 
Public Sector Covered Bond has been received by the Agent, and notice to that effect has been given to the 
holders of Public Sector Covered Bonds in accordance with Condition 11 (Notices). 
4.4 
Interest rate and Payments from the Maturity Date in the event of extension of maturity of 
the Public Sector Covered Bonds up to the Extended Maturity Date 
A. 
If an Extended Maturity Date is specified in the applicable Final Terms as applying to a Series of 
Public Sector Covered Bonds and the maturity of the Public Sector Covered Bonds is extended 
beyond the Maturity Date in accordance with Condition 96.7(Extension of Maturity up to Extended 
Maturity Date), the Public Sector Covered Bonds shall bear interest from (and including) the

--- Page 106 ---
106 
Maturity Date to (but excluding) the earlier of the relevant Interest Payment Date after the Maturity 
Date on which the Public Sector Covered Bonds are redeemed in full or the Extended Maturity 
Date, subject to Conditions 4.3(Accrual of interest)), 4.4(B) and 96.7(F). In that event, interest shall 
be payable on those Public Sector Covered Bonds at the rate determined in accordance with 
Condition 4.4(B) on the Principal Amount Outstanding of the Public Sector Covered Bonds in arrear 
on the Interest Payment Date in each month after the Maturity Date in respect of the Interest Period 
ending immediately prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date, subject as otherwise provided in 
the applicable Final Terms. The final Interest Payment Date shall fall no later than the Extended 
Maturity Date. 
B. 
If an Extended Maturity Date is specified in the applicable Final Terms as applying to a Series of 
Public Sector Covered Bonds and the maturity of the Public Sector Covered Bonds is extended 
beyond the Maturity Date in accordance with Condition 96.7 (Extension of Maturity up to Extended 
Maturity Date), and subject to Condition 6.7(F), the rate of interest payable from time to time in 
respect of the Principal Amount Outstanding of the Public Sector Covered Bonds on each Interest 
Payment Date after the Maturity Date in respect of the Interest Period ending immediately prior to 
the relevant Interest Payment Date will be as specified in the applicable Final Terms and, where 
applicable, determined by the Agent or, where the applicable Final Terms specify a Calculation 
Agent, the Calculation Agent so specified, 2 Business Days after the Maturity Date in respect of the 
first such Interest Period and thereafter as specified in the applicable Final Terms (or, in connection 
with any redemption of the Public Sector Covered Bonds (other than Zero Coupon Public Sector 
Covered Bonds) where an extension of maturity ceases to apply after the Maturity Date pursuant to 
Condition 96.7(F), interest will continue to accrue from (and including) the Maturity Date to (but 
excluding) the Extension Cessation Date at the same rate of interest that was applicable in respect 
of the interest period ending on (but excluding) the Maturity Date). 
C. 
In the case of Public Sector Covered Bonds which are Zero Coupon Public Sector Covered Bonds 
up to (and including) the Maturity Date, and in addition to paragraph (B) above, for the purposes of 
this Condition 4.4(Interest rate and Payments from the Maturity Date in the event of extension of 
maturity of the Public Sector Covered Bonds up to the Extended Maturity Date) the Principal 
Amount Outstanding shall be the total amount otherwise payable by the Issuer on the Maturity Date 
less any payments made by the Issuer in respect of such amount in accordance with these 
Conditions.

--- Page 107 ---
107 
D. 
This Condition 4.4 (Interest rate and Payments from the Maturity Date in the event of extension of 
maturity of the Public Sector Covered Bonds up to the Extended Maturity Date) shall only apply if 
the maturity of the Public Sector Covered Bonds is extended up to the Extended Maturity Date in 
accordance with Condition 96.7(Extension of Maturity up to Extended Maturity Date). 
4.5 
Benchmark Replacement 
This Condition 4.5 (Benchmark Replacement) applies only to Floating Rate Public Sector Covered Bonds. 
If a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to an Original Reference Rate when any rate of interest (or any 
component part thereof) remains to be determined by reference to such Original Reference Rate, then the 
following provisions shall apply to the Public Sector Covered Bonds: 
A. 
The Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours, as soon as reasonably practicable, to appoint an 
Independent Adviser to determine (without any requirement for the consent or approval of the 
holders of the Public Sector Covered Bonds), no later than 10 days prior to the Interest 
Determination Date relating to the next Interest Period for which the rate of interest (or the relevant 
component part thereof) is otherwise to be determined by reference to the Original Reference Rate 
(the “IA Determination Cut-Off Date”), (A) a Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative 
Reference Rate, for the purposes of determining each relevant rate of interest (or the relevant 
component part thereof) applicable to the Public Sector Covered Bonds and (B) in either case, an 
Adjustment Spread. Without prejudice to the definitions thereof, for the purposes of determining 
any Successor Rate, Alternative Reference Rate and/or the applicable Adjustment Spread, the 
Independent Adviser will take into account any relevant and applicable market precedents as well 
as any published guidance from relevant associations involved in the establishment of market 
standards and/or protocols in the international debt capital markets; 
B. 
If the Issuer (i) is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser; or (ii) the Independent Adviser 
appointed by it fails to determine a Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Reference Rate 
in accordance with this Condition 4.5, in either case prior to the relevant IA Determination Cut-Off 
Date, the Issuer (acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner and following 
consultation with the Independent Adviser in the event one has been appointed) may determine 
(without any requirement for the consent or approval of the holders of the Public Sector Covered 
Bonds), no later than the Interest Determination Date relating to the next Interest Period for which 
the rate of interest (or the relevant component part thereof) is otherwise to be determined by 
reference to the Original Reference Rate, (A) a Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative

--- Page 108 ---
108 
Reference Rate and (B) in either case, an Adjustment Spread in accordance with this Condition 4.5. 
Without prejudice to the definitions thereof, for the purposes of determining any Successor Rate, 
Alternative Reference Rate and/or the applicable Adjustment Spread, the Issuer will take into 
account any relevant and applicable market precedents as well as any published guidance from 
relevant associations involved in the establishment of market standards and/or protocols in the 
international debt capital markets; 
C. 
If a Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) is determined 
by an Independent Adviser or the Issuer, as applicable, in accordance with paragraphs (A) or (B) 
above, such Successor Rate or, failing which, Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) shall 
(subject to adjustment as provided in paragraph (D) below) subsequently be used in place of the 
Original Reference Rate to determine the relevant rate(s) of interest (or the relevant component 
part(s) thereof) for all relevant future payments of interest on the Public Sector Covered Bonds 
(subject to the subsequent operation of, and to further adjustment as provided in, this Condition 
4.5); 
D. 
If a Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) is determined 
by an Independent Adviser or the Issuer, as applicable, in accordance with paragraphs (A) or (B) 
above, the Independent Adviser or, as the case may be, the Issuer (following consultation with the 
Independent Adviser (if any)) in each case acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner, will determine the Adjustment Spread to be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative 
Reference Rate (as applicable) for each determination of a relevant rate of interest (or a relevant 
component part thereof) by reference to such Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as 
applicable); 
E. 
If the Independent Adviser or, as the case may be, the Issuer (following consultation with the 
Independent Adviser (if any)) in each case acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner, determines (in accordance with paragraphs (A) or (B) above) a Successor Rate or, failing 
which, an Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) and/or the applicable Adjustment Spread in 
accordance with the above provisions, the Independent Adviser or, as the case may be, the Issuer 
may (without any requirement for the consent or approval of the holders of the Public Sector 
Covered Bonds) also specify changes to these Conditions and/or the Set of Agency Procedures in 
order to ensure the proper operation of such Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate and/or 
the Adjustment Spread (as applicable), including, but not limited to, (A) the Day Count Fraction, 
Relevant Screen Page, Business Day Convention, Interest Determination Date, time at which the

--- Page 109 ---
109 
Relevant Screen Page is observed and/or the definition of Reference Rate and (B) the method for 
determining the fall-back rate in relation to the Public Sector Covered Bonds (such amendments, 
together, the “Benchmark Amendments”). For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer and the Agent 
shall effect such consequential amendments to the Set of Agency Procedures and/or these 
Conditions as may be required in order to give effect to the application of this Condition 4.5. No 
consent shall be required from the holders of the Public Sector Covered Bonds in connection with 
determining or giving effect to the Successor Rate, Alternative Reference Rate or the Adjustment 
Spread (as applicable) or any Benchmark Amendments, including for the execution of any 
documents or other steps to be taken by the Issuer or the Agent (if required or useful);  
F. 
The Issuer shall promptly, following the determination of any Successor Rate, Alternative 
Reference Rate, Adjustment Spread and/or Benchmark Amendments (as applicable), give notice 
thereof to the holders of the Public Sector Covered Bonds in accordance with Condition 11 (Notices) 
and the Agent (if different from the Issuer). Such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the 
relevant Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable), the applicable Adjustment 
Spread and the specific terms of any other Benchmark Amendments, and their effective date; 
G. 
An Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 4.5 shall act in good faith and (in the 
absence of bad faith or fraud) shall have no liability whatsoever to the Agent or the holders of the 
Public Sector Covered Bonds for any advice given to the Issuer or in connection with any 
determination made by the Independent Adviser or the Issuer, as applicable, pursuant to this 
Condition 4.5; and 
H. 
Without prejudice to the obligations of the Issuer under this Condition 4.5, the Original Reference 
Rate and the other provisions in this Condition 4 (Interest) will continue to apply for the purpose of 
determining the rate of interest (or the relevant component part thereof) on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date (i) unless and until a Benchmark Event has occurred, (ii) if the Independent 
Adviser or, as the case may be, the Issuer (following consultation with the Independent Adviser (if 
any)) is unable to or does not determine a Successor Rate or an Alternative Reference Rate in 
accordance with this Condition 4.5, and (ii) if the Independent Adviser or, as the case may be, the 
Issuer does determine a Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate in accordance with this 
Condition 4.5, but the Agent (if different from the Issuer) and the holders of Public Sector Covered 
Bonds have not been notified of the Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable), 
the applicable Adjustment Spread and any Benchmark Amendments in accordance with Condition 
4.5(F) prior to the relevant Interest Determination Date. For the avoidance of doubt, this Condition

--- Page 110 ---
110 
4.5(H) shall apply to the determination of the rate of interest on the relevant Interest Determination 
Date only, and the rate of interest applicable to any subsequent Interest Period(s) is subject to the 
subsequent operation of, and to adjustment as provided in, this Condition 4.5. 
5. 
PAYMENTS 
5.1 
METHOD OF PAYMENT 
Subject as provided below: 
(i) 
payments in a Specified Currency other than euro will be made by credit or transfer to an account in 
the relevant Specified Currency maintained by the payee with, or, at the option of the payee, by a 
cheque in such Specified Currency drawn on, a bank in the principal financial centre of the country 
of such Specified Currency (which, if the Specified Currency is Australian dollars shall be Sydney); 
(ii) 
payments will be made in euro by credit or transfer to a euro account (or any other account to which 
euro may be credited or transferred) specified by the payee or, at the option of the payee, by a euro 
cheque; and  
(iii) payments in U.S dollars will be made by a transfer to a U.S. dollar account maintained by the payee 
with a bank outside the United States (which expression as used in this Condition 5 (Payments), 
means the United States of America including the State, and District of Columbia, its territories, its 
possessions and other areas subject to its jurisdiction or by cheque drawn on a U.S. bank. In no event 
will payment be made by a cheque mailed to an address in the United States. All payments of interest 
will be made to accounts outside the United States except as may be permitted by United States tax 
law in effect at the time of such payment without detriment to the Issuer. 
Payments will be subject in all cases to Interbolsa regulations, fiscal or other laws and regulations applicable 
thereto in the place of payment, but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 7 (Taxation). 
5.2 
PAYMENTS IN RELATION TO PUBLIC SECTOR COVERED BONDS  
Payments of principal and interest in respect of Public Sector Covered Bonds may only be made in Euro or 
in such other currencies accepted by Interbolsa for registration and clearing. 
Payment in respect of the Public Sector Covered Bonds of principal and interest (i) in Euros will be (a) 
credited, according to the procedures and regulations of Interbolsa, by the relevant Paying Agent (acting on 
behalf of the Issuer) from the payment current account which the Paying Agent has indicated to, and has 
been accepted by, Interbolsa to be used on the Paying Agent’s behalf for payments in respect of securities

--- Page 111 ---
111 
held through Interbolsa to the payment current accounts held in the T2 by the Affiliate Members of 
Interbolsa whose control accounts with Interbolsa are credited with such Public Sector Covered Bonds and 
thereafter (b) credited by such Affiliate Members of Interbolsa from the aforementioned payment current-
accounts to the accounts of the owners of those Public Sector Covered Bonds or through Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg to the accounts with Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg of the beneficial 
owners of those Public Sector Covered Bonds, in accordance with the rules and procedures of Interbolsa, 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be; and (ii) in currencies other than Euros will be 
(a) transferred, on the payment date and according to the procedures and regulations of Interbolsa, from the 
account held by the relevant Paying Agent in the Foreign Currency Settlement System (Sistema de 
Liquidação em Moeda Estrangeira), managed by Caixa Geral de Depósitos, S.A., to the relevant accounts 
of the relevant Affiliate Members of Interbolsa, and thereafter (b) transferred by such Affiliate Members of 
Interbolsa from such relevant accounts to the accounts of the owners of those Public Sector Covered Bonds 
or through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg to the accounts with Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg of the beneficial owners of those Public Sector Covered Bonds, in accordance with the rules 
and procedures of Interbolsa, Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be. 
5.3 
PAYMENT DAY  
If the date for payment of any amount in respect of any Public Sector Covered Bond or Coupon is not a 
Payment Day, the holder thereof shall not be entitled to payment until the next following Payment Day in 
the relevant place and shall not be entitled to further interest or other payment in respect of such delay. For 
these purposes, “Payment Day” means any day which (subject to Condition 8 (Prescription)) is a day on 
which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for general business 
(including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in: 
(i) 
the relevant place of presentation; or; 
(ii) 
any Additional Financial Centre specified in the applicable Final Terms; and (ii) either (1) in relation 
to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day on which commercial banks and 
foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for general business (including dealing in 
foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the principal financial centre of the country of 
the relevant Specified Currency (if other than the place of presentation and any Additional Financial

--- Page 112 ---
112 
Centre and which if the Specified Currency is Australian dollars shall be Sydney) or (2) in relation 
to any sum payable in euro, a day on which the T2 is open:  
provided that such a day is a business day for the purposes of the centralised system operated by 
Interbolsa (as defined by a notice of Interbolsa, according to which such a business day corresponds 
to a day on which the T2 is open). 
5.4 
INTERPRETATION OF PRINCIPAL  
Any reference in these Terms and Conditions to principal in respect of the Public Sector Covered Bonds 
shall be deemed to include, as applicable: 
(i) 
the Final Redemption Amount of the Public Sector Covered Bonds;  
(ii) 
the Optional Redemption Amount(s) (if any) of the Public Sector Covered Bonds; and 
(iii) 
any premium and any other amounts (other than interest) which may be payable by the Issuer under 
or in respect of the Public Sector Covered Bonds. 
6. 
REDEMPTION AND PURCHASE 
6.1 
FINAL REDEMPTION 
Subject to Condition 96.7(Extension of Maturity up to Extended Maturity Date), unless previously redeemed 
or purchased and cancelled or extended as specified below, each Public Sector Covered Bond will be 
redeemed by the Issuer at its Final Redemption Amount specified in, or determined in the manner specified 
in, the applicable Final Terms, in the relevant Specified Currency on the Maturity Date. 
6.2 
REDEMPTION AT THE OPTION OF THE ISSUER (CALL OPTION) 
If Issuer Call Option is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may, having 
given (unless otherwise specified, in the applicable Final Terms) not less than 30 nor more than 60 days’ 
notice to the Common Representative, the Agent and, in accordance with Condition 11 (Notices), the holders 
of Public Sector Covered Bonds (which notice shall be irrevocable) redeem all or some only (as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms) of the Public Sector Covered Bonds then outstanding on any Optional 
Redemption Date(s) and at the Optional Redemption Amount(s) specified in, or determined in the manner 
specified in, the applicable Final Terms together, if applicable, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the 
relevant Optional Redemption Date(s). Upon expiry of such notice, the Issuer shall be bound to redeem the 
Public Sector Covered Bonds accordingly. Any such redemption must be of a nominal amount not less than

--- Page 113 ---
113 
the Minimum Redemption Amount and not more than the Maximum Redemption Amount in each case as 
may be specified in the applicable Final Terms. In the case of a partial redemption of Public Sector Covered 
Bonds, the nominal amount of all outstanding Public Sector Covered Bonds will be redeemed 
proportionally.  
6.3 
REDEMPTION AT THE OPTION OF THE HOLDERS OF PUBLIC SECTOR COVERED BONDS (PUT 
OPTION) 
If Investor Put Option is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, upon the holder of any 
Public Sector Covered Bond giving to the Issuer in accordance with Condition 11 (Notices) not less than 30 
nor more than 60 days’ notice the Issuer will, upon the expiry of such notice, redeem, subject to, and in 
accordance with, the terms specified in the applicable Final Terms, such Public Sector Covered Bond on 
the Optional Redemption Date and at the Optional Redemption Amount as specified in, or determined in 
the manner specified in, the applicable Final Terms together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but 
excluding) the Optional Redemption Date. To exercise the Investor Put Option, the holder of this Public 
Sector Covered Bond must deliver, at the specified office of any Paying Agent at any time during normal 
business hours of such Paying Agent, a duly completed and signed notice of exercise in the form (for the 
time being current) obtainable from any specified office of any Paying Agent and in which the holder must 
specify a bank account (or, if payment is required to be made by cheque, an address) to which payment is 
to be made under this Condition. Any Put Notice given by a holder of any Public Sector Covered Bond 
pursuant to this paragraph shall be irrevocable. The right to require redemption will be exercised directly 
against the Issuer, through the Paying Agent. 
6.4 
PURCHASES 
The Issuer or any of its subsidiaries may at any time purchase or otherwise acquire Public Sector Covered 
Bonds at any price in the open market or otherwise. Such Public Sector Covered Bonds may be held, 
reissued, resold or, at the option of the Issuer, surrendered to any Paying Agent for cancellation.  
6.5 
CANCELLATION 
All Public Sector Covered Bonds which are redeemed will forthwith be cancelled. All Public Sector Covered 
Bonds so cancelled and any Public Sector Covered Bonds purchased and surrendered for cancellation 
pursuant to Condition 6.4 (Purchases) above shall be cancelled by Interbolsa and cannot be held, reissued 
or resold.

--- Page 114 ---
114 
6.6 
Late payment on Zero Coupon Public Sector Covered Bonds 
(A) 
If the amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Public Sector Covered Bond to which 
Condition 6.7 (Extension of Maturity up to Extended Maturity Date) does not apply (or, where an 
extension of maturity ceases to apply pursuant to Condition 6.7(F)), upon redemption of such Zero 
Coupon Public Sector Covered Bond pursuant to Conditions 6.1 (Final redemption), 6.2 
(Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Call Option) or 6.3 (Redemption at the option of the holders 
of Public Sector Covered Bonds (Put Option)) above or upon its becoming due and repayable as 
provided in Condition 9 (Insolvency Event and Enforcement) is improperly withheld or refused or 
where an extension of maturity ceases to apply after the Maturity Date pursuant to Condition 6.7(F), 
the amount due and repayable in respect of such Zero Coupon Public Sector Covered Bond shall be 
the amount calculated according to the following formula:  
RP x (1 + AY) y 
where: 
RP means the Reference Price; and 
AY means the Accrual Yield expressed as a decimal; and 
y is a fraction, the denominator of which is 360 and the numerator of which is equal to the number of days 
(calculated on the basis of a 360-day year consisting of 12 months of 30 days each) from (and including) 
the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Public Sector Covered Bonds to (but excluding) the date which is 
the earlier of: 
(i) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Zero Coupon Public Sector Covered Bond 
have been paid; and 
(ii) 
the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in respect of such Zero Coupon Public 
Sector Covered Bonds has been received by the Agent and notice to that effect has been given to 
the holders of Public Sector Covered Bonds either in accordance with Condition 11 (Notices) or 
individually. 
(B) 
If the amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Public Sector Covered Bond to which 
Condition 6.7 (Extension of Maturity up to Extended Maturity Date) is applicable is improperly 
withheld or refused, the amount due and repayable in respect of such Zero Coupon Public Sector 
Covered Bond shall be the amount as so specified in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 115 ---
115 
6.7 
Extension of Maturity up to Extended Maturity Date 
A. 
Any Extended Maturity Date specified in the applicable Final Terms as applying to a Series of 
Public Sector Covered Bonds shall be at least one year after the applicable Maturity Date, provided 
that in any case the Issuer may not specify an Extended Maturity Date that is earlier than the 
applicable Extended Maturity Date for any other outstanding Series of Public Sector Covered Bonds 
with an earlier Maturity Date. 
The Issuer may decide not to apply an Extended Maturity Date to a Series of Public Sector Covered 
Bonds provided that the rating assigned to the outstanding Public Sector Covered Bonds by the 
Rating Agencies at the time of issue of such Series is not adversely affected. 
B. 
In the case of liquidation or resolution of the Issuer, no extension of maturity for a Series of Public 
Sector Covered Bonds to the applicable Extended Maturity Date will (i) affect the ranking of public 
sector covered bonds issued by the Issuer and subject to the Legal Regime of Public Sector Covered 
Bonds or (ii) invert the sequencing of the original maturity schedule for such public sector covered 
bonds referred to in (i) above. 
C. 
If an Extended Maturity Date is specified in the applicable Final Terms and the Issuer fails to redeem 
all of the Public Sector Covered Bonds of a Series in full on the Maturity Date and it is foreseeable 
(as determined by the Issuer) that such failure will continue for 5 Business Days thereafter, the 
maturity of such Public Sector Covered Bonds and the date on which such Public Sector Covered 
Bonds will be due and repayable for the purposes of these Terms and Conditions will be 
automatically extended up to but no later than the Extended Maturity Date, subject as described in 
paragraph (F) below.  
D. 
If an Extended Maturity Date is specified in the applicable Final Terms and in the case of resolution 
or voluntary liquidation of the Issuer, if some but not all Series of Public Sector Covered Bonds 
then outstanding have been subject to extension to their respective Extended Maturity Dates and 
any such Extended Maturity Date falls later than the relevant Maturity Date for the Public Sector 
Covered Bonds of any other Series then outstanding that has not been extended (and which Maturity 
Date for such other Series is later than the corresponding Maturity Date of such extended Series of 
Public Sector Covered Bonds) the maturity of such other Series of Public Sector Covered Bonds 
will be automatically extended to its relevant Extended Maturity Date, as required by Article 
21(1)(d) of the Legal Regime of Public Sector Covered Bonds.

--- Page 116 ---
116 
E. 
If an Extended Maturity Date is specified in the applicable Final Terms and if the authorisation of 
the Issuer as a credit institution is revoked by the competent banking supervisory authority (being 
the European Central Bank and the Bank of Portugal, acting individually or jointly, and including 
any successor) and leading to mandatory liquidation of the Issuer, the maturity of all Series of Public 
Sector Covered Bonds will, subject to the right of CMVM to oppose such extension in the manner 
described in paragraph (F) below), be automatically extended up to but no later than the Extended 
Maturity Date. 
F. 
If an Extended Maturity Date is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer shall, at least 10 
calendar days in advance of a possible extension of maturity (or, if that is not possible, in light of 
the occurrence or knowledge of the event, as soon as possible), give notice to CMVM of such 
extension and the respective grounds for such extension, in particular that it is foreseeable (as 
determined by the Issuer) that (i) (in the case of any extension of maturity in the circumstances 
described in paragraph (C) above) the Public Sector Covered Bonds will not be redeemed on the 
Maturity Date and such failure will continue for 5 Business Days thereafter or (ii) (in the case of 
any extension of maturity in the circumstances described in paragraph (E) above) the Issuer’s 
authorisation as credit institution will be (or has been) revoked. CMVM may oppose any such 
extension within 10 calendar days of the Issuer giving notice to CMVM if it considers that the 
Extension Legal Requirements are not met.  
If CMVM decides on the basis of the Extension Legal Requirements to oppose such extension of 
maturity, the extension to the relevant Extended Maturity Date will not apply. In the absence of any 
decision by CMVM to oppose such extension within 10 calendar days from the date the Issuer gives 
the relevant notice to CMVM, such extension to the relevant Extended Maturity Date will continue 
to apply.  
For the avoidance of doubt, if CMVM has received less than 10 calendar days’ notice from the 
Issuer of any possible extension and at the date on which the maturity for the Public Sector Covered 
Bonds is scheduled to be automatically extended to the Extended Maturity Date CMVM has not yet 
decided whether or not it opposes such extension, the maturity for the Public Sector Covered Bonds 
will extend to the Extended Maturity Date. If subsequently (but within 10 calendar days from the 
date the Issuer gives the relevant notice to CMVM) CMVM then decides on the basis of the 
Extension Legal Requirements to oppose such extension, the extension to the Extended Maturity 
Date will cease to apply and each Public Sector Covered Bond shall, as at the date of such cessation

--- Page 117 ---
117 
(the “Extension Cessation Date”) then become immediately due and payable at its Final 
Redemption Amount together with any accrued interest determined pursuant to Condition 4.4(B) 
(or, in the case of Zero Coupon Public Sector Covered Bonds, an amount determined in accordance 
with Condition 6.6(Late payment on Zero Coupon Public Sector Covered Bonds)). 
G. 
If an Extended Maturity Date is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer shall give to the 
holders of the Public Sector Covered Bonds (in accordance with Condition 11 (Notices)), the Rating 
Agencies, the Agent and the other Paying Agents, notice that it has notified CMVM of any potential 
extension to the maturity of the Public Sector Covered Bonds and of any decision CMVM notifies 
to the Issuer in respect of such potential extension. Any failure by the Issuer to notify any such 
persons shall not affect the validity or effectiveness of any extension or give rise to rights in any 
such person, under this Condition 6.7 (Extension of Maturity up to Extended Maturity Date). 
H. 
In the event of an extension of the maturity for the Public Sector Covered Bonds to the Extended 
Maturity Date, the Issuer may redeem all or any part of the Principal Amount Outstanding of the 
Public Sector Covered Bonds on an Interest Payment Date falling in any month after the Maturity 
Date up to and including the Extended Maturity Date. The Issuer shall give to the holders of Public 
Sector Covered Bonds (in accordance with Condition 11 (Notices)), the Agent and the other Paying 
Agents, notice of its intention to redeem all or any of the Principal Amount Outstanding of the 
Public Sector Covered Bonds in full at least 5 Business Days prior to the relevant Interest Payment 
Date or, as applicable, the Extended Maturity Date. Any failure by the Issuer to notify such persons 
shall not affect the validity or effectiveness of any redemption by the Issuer on the relevant Interest 
Payment Date or as applicable, the Extended Maturity Date or give rise to rights in any such person.  
I. 
In the case of Public Sector Covered Bonds which are Zero Coupon Public Sector Covered Bonds 
up to (and including) the Maturity Date, for the purposes of this Condition 6.7 (Extension of 
Maturity up to Extended Maturity Date) the Principal Amount Outstanding shall be the total amount 
otherwise payable by the Issuer on the Maturity Date less any payments made by the Issuer in 
respect of such amount in accordance with these Terms and Conditions.  
J. 
Any extension of the maturity of Public Sector Covered Bonds under this Condition 6.7(Extension 
of Maturity up to Extended Maturity Date) shall be irrevocable, unless CMVM opposes such 
extension, as described within paragraph (F) above. Where this Condition 6.7(Extension of Maturity 
up to Extended Maturity Date) applies, any failure to redeem the Public Sector Covered Bonds on 
the Maturity Date or any extension of the maturity of Public Sector Covered Bonds under this

--- Page 118 ---
118 
Condition 6.7 (Extension of Maturity up to Extended Maturity Date) shall not constitute an event of 
default for any purpose or give any holder of Public Sector Covered Bonds any right to receive any 
payment of interest, principal or otherwise on the relevant Public Sector Covered Bonds other than 
as expressly set out in these Terms and Conditions. 
K. 
In the event of the extension of the maturity of Public Sector Covered Bonds under this Condition 
6.7(Extension of Maturity up to Extended Maturity Date), interest rates, interest periods and interest 
payment dates on the Public Sector Covered Bonds from (and including) the Maturity Date to (and 
including or but excluding, as the case may be) the Extended Maturity Date shall be determined and 
made in accordance with the applicable Final Terms and Condition 4.4 (Interest rate and Payments 
from the Maturity Date in the event of extension of maturity of the Public Sector Covered Bonds up 
to the Extended Maturity Date).  
L. 
If the Issuer redeems part and not all of the Principal Amount Outstanding of Public Sector Covered 
Bonds on an Interest Payment Date falling in any month after the Maturity Date, the redemption 
proceeds shall be applied rateably across the Public Sector Covered Bonds and the Principal Amount 
Outstanding of the Public Sector Covered Bonds shall be reduced by the level of that redemption. 
M. 
If the maturity of any Public Sector Covered Bonds is extended up to the Extended Maturity Date 
in accordance with this Condition 6.7(Extension of Maturity up to Extended Maturity Date), for so 
long as any of those Public Sector Covered Bonds remains in issue, the Issuer shall not issue any 
further public sector covered bonds, unless the proceeds of issue of such further public sector 
covered bonds are applied by the Issuer on issue in redeeming in whole or in part the relevant Public 
Sector Covered Bonds in accordance with the terms hereof. 
7. 
TAXATION 
7.1 
PAYMENTS FREE OF TAXES 
All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Public Sector Covered Bonds will be made subject 
to any legally applicable Tax withholding or deductions (notably in relation to residents for tax purposes in 
Portugal), except if any Tax withholding exemption or waiver applies, in which case such payments of 
principal and interest in respect of the Public Sector Covered Bonds shall be made free and clear of, and 
without withholding or deduction for, Taxes (investors being in any case required to comply with the 
applicable obligations). The Issuer will not be obliged to make any additional payments in respect of any

--- Page 119 ---
119 
such withholding or deduction imposed. In order for withholding tax not to apply the holders of the Public 
Sector Covered Bonds must, inter alia, deliver certain tax certifications. See Taxation section. 
7.2 
NO PAYMENT OF ADDITIONAL AMOUNTS 
Neither the Issuer nor the Paying Agent will be obliged to pay any additional amounts to the holders of 
Public Sector Covered Bonds in respect of any Tax Deduction made in accordance with Condition 7.1 
(Payments free of taxes).  
7.3 
TAXING JURISDICTION 
If the Issuer becomes subject at any time to any taxing jurisdiction other than the Portuguese Republic, 
references in these Terms and Conditions to the Portuguese Republic shall be construed as references to the 
Portuguese Republic and/or such other jurisdiction. 
7.4 
TAX DEDUCTION NOT EVENT OF DEFAULT  
Notwithstanding that the Issuer or any Paying Agent is required to make a Tax Deduction in accordance 
with Condition 7.1 (Payments free of taxes) above, this shall not constitute an event of default by the Issuer. 
8. 
PRESCRIPTION 
The Public Sector Covered Bonds will become void unless presented for payment within 20 years (in the 
case of principal) and 5 years (in the case of interest) in each case from the Relevant Date thereof, subject 
in each case to the provisions of Condition 5 (Payments). As used in these Terms and Conditions, “Relevant 
Date” means the date on which such payment first becomes due, except that, if the full amount of the moneys 
payable has not been duly received by the Agent on or prior to such due date, it means the date on which, 
the full amount of such moneys having been so received, notice to that effect is duly given to the holders of 
Public Sector Covered Bonds in accordance with Condition 11 (Notices). 
9. INSOLVENCY EVENT AND ENFORCEMENT 
9.1 
INSOLVENCY EVENT 
Pursuant to the Legal Regime of Public Sector Covered Bonds, if an Insolvency Event in respect of the 
Issuer occurs, the holders of Public Sector Covered Bonds may approve a Resolution, by a majority of 2/3 
of the Principal Amount Outstanding of the Public Sector Covered Bonds of all Series then outstanding, to 
determine the serving of an Acceleration Notice, in which case all outstanding Public Sector Covered Bonds

--- Page 120 ---
120 
shall immediately become due and payable each at their Early Redemption Amount together with accrued 
interest. 
If an Insolvency Event in respect of the Issuer occurs, the cover pool over which the holders of public sector 
covered bonds have a special creditor privilege including the principal and any accrued and future interest 
in relation to the cover assets will be segregated from the insolvent estate of the Issuer and will form an 
autonomous estate not being liable for any debts of the Issuer until any outstanding amounts payable to the 
covered bond holders and counterparties of derivative contracts are fully paid, even in the event of 
liquidation of the Issuer.  
For the purposes of these Terms and Conditions: “Insolvency Event” means the winding-up and dissolution 
of the Issuer under any applicable laws and regulations (including under Decree-Law no. 199/2006, of 25 
October 2006, as amended from time to time, the RGICSF, and/or (if applicable) under the Code for the 
Insolvency and Recovery of Companies introduced by Decree-Law no. 53/2004, of 18 March 2004, as 
amended from time to time). Investors should see the Insolvency of the Issuer section. 
9.2 
ENFORCEMENT 
(A) Following the approval of a Resolution as described in Condition 9.1(Insolvency Event), the holders of 
the Public Sector Covered Bonds (or the Common Representative on their behalf, provided it has been 
indemnified and/or secured to its satisfaction) may at any time after service of an Acceleration Notice, at its 
discretion and without further notice, take such proceedings against the Issuer, and/or any other person as it 
may deem fit to enforce the provisions of the Public Sector Covered Bonds. 
(B) In exercising any of its powers and discretions the Common Representative shall only have regard to 
the interests of the holders of Public Sector Covered Bonds of all Series. 
(C) No holder of Public Sector Covered Bonds shall be entitled to proceed directly against the Issuer or to 
take any action with respect to the Common Representative Appointment Agreement, the Public Sector 
Covered Bonds or any other Programme Document unless the Common Representative, having become 
bound so to proceed, fails to do so within a reasonable time and such failure is continuing. 
10. 
AGENT AND PAYING AGENTS 
A. 
The names of the Agent and the Paying Agent and their initial specified offices are set out below. 
In the event of the appointed office of any such bank being unable or unwilling to continue to act

--- Page 121 ---
121 
as the Agent, or failing duly to determine the rate of interest, if applicable, or to calculate the Interest 
Amounts for any Interest Period, the Issuer shall appoint such other bank to act as such in its place. 
B. 
The Agent may not resign its duties or be removed from office without a successor having been 
appointed as aforesaid. The Issuer is entitled to vary or terminate the appointment of any Paying 
Agent and/or appoint additional or other Paying Agents and/or approve any change in the specified 
office through which any Paying Agent acts, provided that:  
(i) 
there will at all times be an Agent;  
(ii) 
the Issuer will, so long as any of the Public Sector Covered Bonds is outstanding, maintain a 
Paying Agent (which may be the Agent) having a specified office in a city approved by the 
Common Representative in continental Europe; and  
(iii) 
so long as any of the Public Sector Covered Bonds are listed on any Stock Exchange or 
admitted to trading by any other relevant authority, there will at all times be a Paying Agent 
with a specified office in such place as may be required by the rules and regulations of the 
relevant Stock Exchange or as the case may be, other relevant authority. 
11. 
NOTICES 
Notices to the holders of Public Sector Covered Bonds shall, in respect of the Public Sector Covered Bonds 
listed on Euronext Lisbon, be published on CMVM’s information system (www.cmvm.pt) and on the 
website of the Issuer. Furthermore, any such notice shall be disclosed by any further means required to allow 
a fast access by all holders of Public Sector Covered Bonds throughout the EU and shall be deemed to have 
been given on the date of such publication or, if published more than once or on different dates or venue, 
on the first date or venue on which publication is made, as provided above. 
All notices regarding the Public Sector Covered Bonds shall comply with the applicable Portuguese law 
requirements that may be applicable, namely pursuant to the Portuguese Companies Code and CMVM’s 
Regulation No. 1/2023.  
12. 
MEETINGS OF HOLDERS OF PUBLIC SECTOR COVERED BONDS 
A. 
The Portuguese Companies Code, which applies to Public Sector Covered Bonds in accordance 
with Article 28(1) of the Legal Regime of Public Sector Covered Bonds, contains provisions for 
convening meetings of the holders of Public Sector Covered Bonds to consider any matter attributed 
to them by law and in their common interest (which provisions are described and supplemented in

--- Page 122 ---
122 
the Common Representative Appointment Agreement), including the modification by Resolution 
of these Terms and Conditions or the provisions of the Common Representative Appointment 
Agreement. 
B. 
The quorum at any meeting convened to vote on: (i) a Resolution not regarding a Reserved Matter 
will be any person or persons holding or representing, whatever the Principal Amount Outstanding 
of the Public Sector Covered Bonds then outstanding so held or represented in such Series; or (ii) a 
Resolution regarding a Reserved Matter of the Public Sector Covered Bonds, will be any person or 
persons holding or representing at least 50 per cent. of the Principal Amount Outstanding of the 
Public Sector Covered Bonds of the relevant Series then outstanding or, at any adjourned meeting, 
any person being or representing holders of Public Sector Covered Bonds of the relevant Series, 
whatever the Principal Amount Outstanding of the Public Sector Covered Bonds then outstanding 
so held or represented in such Series; or (iii) a Resolution regarding any increase of the charges to 
the holders of the Public Sector Covered Bonds, will be any person or persons holding or 
representing all of the Public Sector Covered Bonds of the relevant series then outstanding. Each 
Public Sector Covered Bond grants its holder one vote. 
The majorities required to approve a Resolution at any meeting convened in accordance with the 
applicable rules shall be: (i) if in respect to a Resolution not regarding a Reserved Matter, the 
majority of the votes cast at the relevant meeting; or (ii) if in respect to a Resolution regarding a 
Reserved Matter, at least 50 per cent. of the Principal Amount Outstanding of the Public Sector 
Covered Bonds then outstanding or, at any adjourned meeting 2/3 of the votes cast at the relevant 
meeting; or (iii) if in respect of a Resolution regarding any increase of the charges to the holders of 
the Public Sector Covered Bonds, unanimity by all holders of the Public Sector Covered Bonds of 
the relevant series then outstanding.  
For the purposes of these Terms and Conditions, a “Reserved Matter” means any proposal: (i) to 
change any date fixed for payment of principal or interest in respect of the Public Sector Covered 
Bonds of all or of a given Series, (ii) to reduce the amount of principal or interest due on any date 
in respect of the Public Sector Covered Bonds of all or of a given Series or to alter the method of 
calculating the amount of any payment in respect of the Public Sector Covered Bonds of all or of a 
given Series on redemption or maturity; (iii) to effect the exchange, substitution or conversion of 
the Public Sector Covered Bonds of all or of a given Series into shares, bonds or other obligations 
or securities of the Issuer or any other person or body corporate formed or to be formed; (iv) to

--- Page 123 ---
123 
change the currency in which amounts due in respect of the Public Sector Covered Bonds of all or 
of a given Series are payable; (v) to alter the priority of payment of interest or principal in respect 
of the Public Sector Covered Bonds of all or of a given Series; (vi) to amend this definition; and 
(vii) any other matter required by law to be approved by the majorities set out in Condition 12(C)(ii); 
C. 
A Resolution approved at any meeting of the holders of Public Sector Covered Bonds of a Series 
shall, subject as provided below, be binding on all the holders of Public Sector Covered Bonds of 
such Series, whether or not they are present at the meeting. Pursuant to the Common Representative 
Appointment Agreement, the Common Representative may convene a single meeting of the holders 
of Public Sector Covered Bonds of more than one Series if in the opinion of the Common 
Representative there is no conflict between the holders of such Public Sector Covered Bonds, in 
which event the provisions of this paragraph shall apply thereto mutatis mutandis. 
D. 
Notwithstanding the provisions of the immediately preceding paragraph, any Resolution to direct 
the Common Representative to accelerate the Public Sector Covered Bonds pursuant to Condition 
9 (Insolvency Event and Enforcement) or to direct the Common Representative to take any 
enforcement action (each a “Programme Resolution”) shall only be capable of being passed at a 
single meeting of the holders of Public Sector Covered Bonds of all Series then outstanding. 
E. 
Any such meeting to consider a Programme Resolution may be convened by the Common 
Representative or, if it refuses to convene such a meeting, by the Chairman of the General Meeting 
of Shareholders of the Issuer; if both the Common Representative and the Chairman of the General 
Meeting of Shareholders of the Issuer refuses to convene the meeting, then 5 per cent. of the holders 
of Public Sector Covered Bonds of any Series may petition the court to order a meeting to be 
convened. 
F. 
A Programme Resolution passed at any meeting of the holders of Public Sector Covered Bonds of 
all Series shall be binding on all holders of Public Sector Covered Bonds of all Series, whether or 
not they are present at the meeting. 
G. 
In connection with any meeting of the holders of Public Sector Covered Bonds of more than one 
Series where such Public Sector Covered Bonds are not denominated in euro, the nominal amount 
of the Public Sector Covered Bonds of any Series not denominated in euro shall be converted into 
euro at the relevant exchange rate at the date of the meeting.

--- Page 124 ---
124 
13. 
INDEMNIFICATION OF THE COMMON REPRESENTATIVE CONTRACTING WITH THE ISSUER 
A. 
If, in connection with the exercise of its powers and discretions, the Common Representative is of 
the opinion that the interests of the holders of Public Sector Covered Bonds of any one or more 
Series would be materially prejudiced thereby, the Common Representative shall not exercise such 
powers and discretions without the approval of such holders of Public Sector Covered Bonds by a 
Resolution or by a written resolution of such holders of Public Sector Covered Bonds of at least the 
majority of the Principal Amount Outstanding of Public Sector Covered Bonds of the relevant Series 
then outstanding. 
B. 
The Common Representative shall not be required to expend its own funds or otherwise incur or 
risk incurring any liability in the performance of its duties or in the exercise of any of its rights, 
powers, authorities or discretions if it has grounds for believing the repayment of such funds is not 
reasonably assured to it under the Legal Regime of Public Sector Covered Bonds or if it has not 
been provided with adequate indemnity against or security for such risk or liability. Notwithstanding 
any Programme Resolution or any other Resolution approved at any meeting or any written 
resolution of any holders of Public Sector Covered Bonds, the Common Representative may (i) to 
the extent permitted by law, refrain from taking any action until it has been provided with sufficient 
funds or adequate indemnity against or security for any liability it may incur as a result of any such 
actions, (ii) refrain from doing anything which might in its opinion be contrary to any law of any 
jurisdiction or which might otherwise render it liable to any person and (iii) do anything which is 
in its opinion necessary to comply with any such law, and in no circumstances shall be liable to the 
holders of Public Sector Covered Bonds for any consequences of such actions or inaction. The 
Common Representative Appointment Agreement contains further provisions for the 
indemnification of the Common Representative and for its relief from responsibility.  
14.  
OVERCOLLATERALISATION, LIQUIDITY BUFFER AND ISSUER COVENANTS 
14.1 
MAINTENANCE OF OVERCOLLATERALISATION 
For so long as the Public Sector Covered Bonds are outstanding, the total nominal amount (determined in 
accordance with the Legal Regime of Public Sector Covered Bonds, the CRR and the CMVM Regulation) 
of the Cover Pool maintained by the Issuer shall at all times be a minimum of 105 per cent. of the aggregate 
nominal amount of all outstanding Public Sector Covered Bonds issued under the Programme or such other

--- Page 125 ---
125 
percentage as may be selected by the Issuer from time to time and notified to the Cover Pool Monitor (the 
“Overcollateralisation Percentage”), provided that:  
(i) 
the Overcollateralisation Percentage shall not, for so long as there are Public Sector Covered Bonds 
outstanding rated by Moody’s, be reduced by the Issuer below 107 per cent.; 
(ii) 
without prejudice to (i) above, the Issuer shall not at any time reduce the Overcollateralisation 
Percentage which applies for the purposes of this Condition 14 (Overcollateralisation, Liquidity 
Buffer and Issuer Covenants), if this could result in any credit rating then assigned to the Public 
Sector Covered Bonds by any Rating Agency being reduced, removed, suspended or placed on 
credit watch; and 
(iii) 
assets contributing to the Overcollateralisation Percentage in excess of 100 per cent. of the aggregate 
nominal amount of all outstanding Public Sector Covered Bonds issued under the Programme shall 
not be subject to the limits on exposure size set out in accordance with Condition 14.3 (Issuer 
Covenants), paragraph (A) (Eligible Assets), subparagraph (b) and shall not count towards those 
limits. 
14.2 
LIQUIDITY BUFFER 
For so long as the Public Sector Covered Bonds are outstanding, the Cover Pool shall include a Liquidity 
Buffer comprised by Liquidity Assets to cover the maximum Net Liquidity Outflows accumulated over the 
next 180 days, provided that (i) uncollateralised claims from exposures considered in default pursuant to 
article 178 of the CRR cannot contribute to the Liquidity Buffer, and (ii) if an Extended Maturity Date is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, principal repayments under the Public Sector Covered Bonds shall 
be considered due for this purpose on the relevant Extended Maturity Date. 
14.3 
ISSUER COVENANTS 
For so long as any of the Public Sector Covered Bonds are outstanding, the Issuer shall ensure that: 
A. 
Eligible Assets: only assets listed in Article 129(1) of the CRR (and provided that the requirements 
under paragraphs 1a to 3b of Article 129 of the CRR are met) may be part of the Cover Pool (whether 
as Primary Assets, Substitution Assets or Liquidity Assets), provided that:  
(a) 
the value of the third country Public Sector Credits (if any) may not exceed 20 per cent. of 
the nominal amount of outstanding Public Sector Covered Bonds; and  
(b) 
(i) exposures to credit institutions that qualify for credit quality step 1 (as defined in the 
CRR) shall not exceed 15 per cent. of the aggregate nominal amount outstanding of the

--- Page 126 ---
126 
Public Sector Covered Bonds; (ii) exposures to credit institutions that qualify for credit 
quality step 2 (as defined in the CRR) shall not exceed 10 per cent. of the aggregate nominal 
amount outstanding of the Public Sector Covered Bonds; (iii) exposures to credit 
institutions that qualify for credit quality step 3 (as defined in the CRR) shall comply with 
the requirements set out under sub-paragraphs 1(c) and 1-A(c) of Article 129 of the CRR; 
(iv) the total exposure to credit institutions that qualify for credit quality step 1, 2 or 3 shall 
not exceed 15 per cent. of the aggregate nominal amount outstanding of the Public Sector 
Covered Bonds; and (v) the total exposure to credit institutions that qualify for credit quality 
step 2 or 3 shall not exceed 10 per cent. of the aggregate nominal amount outstanding of the 
Public Sector Covered Bonds; 
B. 
Primary Assets: the Primary Assets shall be Public Sector Credits; 
C. 
Valuations: all the required valuations of Public Sector Credits, Hedging Contracts, or other Cover 
Pool assets will be made in compliance with the requirements of the Legal Regime of Public Sector 
Covered Bonds and the CRR;  
D. 
Cover Pool Monitor: the Cover Pool Monitor will be provided with all necessary elements and 
information to monitor compliance by the Issuer of this Condition 14 (Overcollateralisation, 
Liquidity Buffer and Issuer Covenants) in accordance with the Legal Regime of Public Sector 
Covered Bonds and under the terms set forth in the Cover Pool Monitor Agreement; and 
E. 
Public Sector Credits: the Public Sector Credits included in the Cover Pool are not Non-Performing 
Public Sector Credits. 
15. 
FURTHER ISSUES 
The Issuer shall be at liberty from time to time without the consent of the holders of Public Sector Covered 
Bonds to create and issue further securities with the same terms and conditions of the Public Sector Covered 
Bonds of any Series or the same in all respects save for the amount and date of the first payment of interest 
thereon, issue date and/or purchase price and so that the same shall be consolidated and form a single Series 
with the outstanding Public Sector Covered Bonds of such Series. 
16. 
GOVERNING LAW AND SUBMISSION TO JURISDICTION 
The Common Representative Appointment Agreement, the Agency and Payments Procedures, the Public 
Sector Covered Bonds, and the other Programme Documents and any non-contractual obligations in 
connection therewith are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, Portuguese law unless 
specifically stated to the contrary.

--- Page 127 ---
127 
The Issuer agrees, for the exclusive benefit of the holders of Public Sector Covered Bonds that the courts of 
Portugal are to have jurisdiction to settle any disputes which may arise out of or in connection with the 
Public Sector Covered Bonds and that accordingly any suit, action or proceedings (together referred to as 
“Proceedings”) arising out of or in connection with the Public Sector Covered Bonds may be brought in 
such courts. 
The Issuer hereby irrevocably waives any objection which it may have now or hereafter to the laying of the 
venue of any such Proceedings in any such court and any claim that any such Proceedings have been brought 
in an inconvenient forum and hereby further irrevocably agrees that a judgment in any such Proceedings 
brought in the Portuguese courts shall be conclusive and binding upon it and may be enforced in the courts 
of any other jurisdiction. 
Nothing contained in this Condition 16 (Governing Law and submission to jurisdiction) shall limit any right 
to take Proceedings against the Issuer in any other court of competent jurisdiction, nor shall the taking of 
Proceedings in one or more jurisdictions preclude the taking of Proceedings in any other jurisdiction, 
whether concurrently or not. 
17. 
DEFINITIONS 
In these Terms and Conditions, the following defined terms have the meanings set out below: 
“Acceleration Notice” means a notice served on the Issuer pursuant to Condition 9 (Insolvency Event and 
Enforcement).  
“Adjustment Spread” means either a spread (which may be positive, negative or zero), or the formula or 
methodology for calculating a spread, which the Issuer (following consultation with the Independent 
Adviser (if any)), acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, determines is required to 
be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) to reduce or eliminate, to the 
extent reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as the case may be) 
to holders of Public Sector Covered Bonds as a result of the replacement of the Original Reference Rate 
with the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and is the spread, formula or 
methodology which: (1) in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended in relation to the 
replacement of the Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body; or 
(if no such recommendation has been made, or in the case of an Alternative Rate); (2) the Issuer, following 
consultation with the Independent Adviser and acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner, determines, is recognised or acknowledged as being the industry standard for over-the-counter

--- Page 128 ---
128 
derivative transactions which reference the Original Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced by 
the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be); (or if the Issuer determines that no such 
industry standard is recognised or acknowledged); (3) the Issuer, in its discretion, following consultation 
with the Independent Adviser and acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, determines 
to be appropriate. 
“Affiliate Member of Interbolsa” means any authorised financial intermediary entitled to hold control 
accounts with Interbolsa on behalf of their customers and includes any depository banks appointed by 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg for the purpose of holding accounts on behalf of Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
“Agency and Payments Procedures” means the set of agency and payments procedures (such agency and 
payments procedures as amended and/or supplemented and/or restated) dated 19 June, 2008 and made and 
agreed by Banco BPI, S.A. (acting in its capacity as Agent, which expression shall include any successor) 
and by any subsequent agent, paying agent, transfer agent and/or agent bank appointed by the Issuer, as 
amended. 
“Agent” means Banco BPI, S.A., with head office at Avenida da Boavista, no. 1117, 4100-129 Porto, 
Portugal, or any successor Agent(s), in each case together with any additional Agent(s), appointed from 
time to time by the Issuer in connection with the Public Sector Covered Bonds and under the Agency and 
Payment Procedures. 
“Alternative Rate” means an alternative benchmark or screen rate which the Issuer following consultation 
with the Independent Adviser and acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, determines 
in accordance with Condition 4.5(B) of these Terms and Conditions is customary in market usage in the 
international debt capital markets for the purposes of determining floating rates of interest (or the relevant 
component part thereof) in the same Specified Currency as the Public Sector Covered Bonds. 
“Base Prospectus” means the base prospectus dated 24 October 2024, prepared in connection with the 
Programme. 
“Benchmark Amendments” has the meaning given to it in Condition 4.5(D) of these Terms and 
Conditions.  
“Benchmark Event” means:

--- Page 129 ---
129 
(1) the Original Reference Rate ceasing to exist or ceasing to be published for a period of at least 5 Business 
Days in relation to a Rate of Interest of Floating Rate; or  
(2) a public statement by the administrator of the Original Reference Rate that it will, by a specified date 
within the following six months, cease publishing the Original Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely 
(in circumstances where no successor administrator has been appointed that will continue publication of the 
Original Reference Rate); or 
(3) a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference Rate, that the Original 
Reference Rate has been or will, by a specified date within the following six months, be permanently or 
indefinitely discontinued; or  
(4) a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference Rate as a consequence 
of which the Original Reference Rate will be prohibited from being used either generally, or in respect of 
the Public Sector Covered Bonds, in each case within the following six months; or  
(5) it has become unlawful for the Paying Agent, Calculation Agent, the Issuer or other party to calculate 
any payments due to be made to any holder of Public Sector Covered Bonds using the Original Reference 
Rate, the occurrence of any such events (1) to (5) above to be determined by the Issuer. 
“BPI” means Banco BPI, S.A., with head office at Avenida da Boavista, no. 1117, 4100-129, Porto. 
“Calculation Agent” except if and where defined otherwise in these Terms and Conditions, has the meaning 
ascribed to it in the Final Terms. 
“Central de Valores Mobiliários” means the Portuguese Centralised System of Registration of Securities.  
“Clearstream, Luxembourg” means Clearstream Banking, S.A.. 
“CMVM” means the Comissão do Mercado de Valores Mobiliários, the Portuguese Securities Market 
Commission. 
“CMVM Regulation” means CMVM Regulation No. 2/2023 regarding covered bonds and public sector 
covered bonds. 
“Common Representative” means Bondholders, S.L., in its capacity as representative of the holders of the 
Public Sector Covered Bonds pursuant to Article 28 of the Legal Regime of Public Sector Covered Bonds 
and in accordance with the Terms and Conditions and the terms of the Common Representative 
Appointment Agreement, with its head office at Avenida de Francia, 17, A, 1, 46023 Valencia, Spain.

--- Page 130 ---
130 
“Common Representative Appointment Agreement” means the agreement dated 28 December 2020 
entered into between the Issuer and the Common Representative and which sets out the terms and conditions 
upon and subject to which the Common Representative has agreed to act as Common Representative, as 
amended and restated on 24 October 2024, and as may be further amended and restated. 
“Cover Pool” means the pool of assets maintained by the Issuer and allocated to the issue of Public Sector 
Covered Bonds under the Programme, held to the benefit of the holders of Public Sector Covered Bonds 
and the Other Preferred Creditors, and which comprises the Primary Assets, the Substitution Assets and the 
Liquidity Assets, as specified in the Register. 
“Cover Pool Monitor” means Deloitte & Associados, SROC, S.A., member of the Portuguese Institute of 
Statutory Auditors (Ordem dos Revisores Oficiais de Contas) under the number 43, registered with the 
CMVM under registration number 20161389, with its head office at Avenida Engenheiro Duarte Pacheco, 
7, 1070-100 Lisbon, Portugal. 
“Cover Pool Monitor Agreement” means the agreement dated 12 October 2023 entered into by and 
between the Issuer and the Cover Pool Monitor, as amended and restated on 24 October 2024, and as may 
be further amended and restated. 
“CRA Regulation” means Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 of the European Parliament and of the Council 
of 16 September, as amended. 
“CRR” means Regulation (EU) No. 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 
2013 on prudential requirements for credit institutions and amending Regulation (EU) No. 648/2012, as 
amended, including by Regulation (EU) No. 2019/2160 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 
27 November 2019 amending Regulation (EU) No. 575/2013 as regards exposures in the form of covered 
bonds. 
“DBRS” means DBRS Ratings GmbH, which is established in the EEA and registered under the CRA 
Regulation and is, as of the date of this Base Prospectus, included in the list of credit rating agencies published 
by the ESMA on its website in accordance with the CRA Regulation, or any of its affiliates or successor. 
“Dealer” means Banco BPI, S.A., with head office at Avenida da Boavista, 1117, 4100-129 Porto, Portugal, 
and any other Dealer(s) appointed from time to time by the Issuer in accordance with the Programme 
Agreement and excludes any entity whose appointment has been terminated pursuant to the Programme 
Agreement..

--- Page 131 ---
131 
“EU” means the European Union. 
“EURIBOR” means the Euro Interbank Offered Rate.  
“Euro”, “€” or “euro” means the lawful currency of Member States of the European Union that adopt the 
single currency introduced at the start of the third stage of the European economic and monetary union, and 
as defined in Council Regulation (EC) No. 974/98, of 3 May 1998, on the introduction of the euro, as 
amended. 
“Euroclear” means Euroclear Bank SA/NV. 
“Euronext Lisbon” means the regulated market managed by Euronext Lisbon – Sociedade Gestora de 
Mercados Regulamentados, S.A. 
“Extended Maturity Date” means the date so specified in the applicable Final Terms, extending the 
maturity of the relevant Series of Public Sector Covered Bonds if the conditions foreseen in Condition 6.7 
(Extension of Maturity up to Extended Maturity Date) are met. 
“Extension Cessation Date” has the meaning given in Condition 6.7(F) of these Terms and Conditions. 
“Extension Legal Requirements” means the legal requirements applicable to an extension of maturity of 
public sector covered bonds, as foreseen in Articles 21(1) and (2) of the Legal Regime of Public Sector 
Covered Bonds.  
“Final Terms” means the final terms issued in relation to each Tranche of Public Sector Covered Bonds 
and giving details of that Tranche of Public Sector Covered Bonds and, in relation to any particular Tranche 
of Public Sector Covered Bonds, applicable Final Terms means the Final Terms applicable to that Tranche 
of Public Sector Covered Bonds. 
“Fitch” means Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited, which is established in the EEA and registered under the CRA 
Regulation and is, as of the date of this Base Prospectus, included in the list of credit rating agencies 
published by the ESMA on its website in accordance with the CRA Regulation, or any of its affiliates or 
successor. 
“Fixed Interest Period” means the period from (and including) an Interest Payment Date (or the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest Payment Date.

--- Page 132 ---
132 
“Hedge Counterparties” means the party or parties that, from time to time, will enter into Hedging 
Contracts with the Issuer in accordance with the Legal Regime of Public Sector Covered Bonds (and the 
relevant terms of Article 129 of the CRR).  
“Hedging Contracts” means the hedging contracts entered into by the Issuer in accordance with the Legal 
Regime of Public Sector Covered Bonds for the purpose of hedging risks in relation to the Cover Pool. 
“Independent Adviser” means an independent financial institution of international repute or another 
independent financial adviser with appropriate expertise in the international capital markets, in each case 
selected and appointed by the Issuer under Condition 4.5(A) of these Terms and Conditions. 
“Interbolsa” means Interbolsa – Sociedade Gestora de Sistemas de Liquidação e de Sistemas Centralizados 
de Valores Mobiliários, S.A. as management entity of the Central de Valores Mobiliários. 
“Interest Amount” means, as applicable, the amount of interest payable on the Floating Rate Public Sector 
Covered Bonds in respect of each Specified Denomination, calculated by the Calculation Agent pursuant to 
Condition 4 (Interest). 
“ISDA” means the International Swaps and Derivatives Association Inc. 
“Issue Date” means the date so specified in the applicable Final Terms being, in respect of any Public Sector 
Covered Bond, the date of issue and purchase of such Public Sector Covered Bond pursuant to and in 
accordance with the Programme Agreement or any other agreement between the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer(s). 
“Issuer” means Banco BPI, S.A.. 
“Legal Regime of Public Sector Covered Bonds” means the Portuguese legal regime applicable to the 
issuance of public sector covered bonds, annexed to Decree-Law no. 31/2022, of 6 May (transposing 
Directive (EU) 2019/2162 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 November 2019 on the issue 
of covered bonds and public sector covered bonds and their public supervision and amending Directives 
2009/65/EC and 2014/59/EU), as amended. 
“Liquidity Assets” means the assets which may compose the Liquidity Buffer in accordance with the Legal 
Regime of Public Sector Covered Bonds, as described below:  
a) 
Assets qualifying as level 1, level 2A or level 2B assets pursuant to the applicable delegated 
regulation adopted pursuant to Article 460 of the CRR, that are valued in accordance with such regulation, 
and are not issued by the issuing credit institution itself, its parent undertaking, unless it is a public sector

--- Page 133 ---
133 
entity that is not a credit institution, its subsidiary or another subsidiary of its parent undertaking or by a 
securitisation special purpose entity with which the credit institution has close links; and 
b) 
Short-term exposures to credit institutions that qualify for credit quality step 1 or 2 (as defined in 
the CRR), or claims, including deposits, that are short-term to credit institutions that qualify for credit quality 
step 1, 2 or 3 (as defined in the CRR), in accordance with Article 129(1)(c) of the CRR,provided that any 
such assets comply with any applicable requirements under paragraph (A) (Eligible Assets) of Condition 
14.3 (Issuer Covenants), subject to Condition 14.1(iii). 
For the avoidance of doubt, and provided that the requirements under b) above are met, the assets under b) 
above can include short term deposits held with the Bank of Portugal or the Issuer, segregated and allocated 
to the Cover Pool as part of the Liquidity Assets.  
“Liquidity Buffer” means the liquidity buffer included in the Cover Pool in accordance with Article 19 of 
the Legal Regime of Public Sector Covered Bonds and Condition 14.2 (Liquidity Buffer). 
“Margin” means the margin specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Maturity Date” means the maturity date of any outstanding Public Sector Covered Bonds, Public Sector 
Credits, Hedging Contracts or Other Assets, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Moody's” means Moody's Italia S.r.l. and Moody’s Investors Service España S.A., which are established 
in the EEA and registered under the CRA Regulation and are, as of the date of this Base Prospectus, included 
in the list of credit rating agencies published by the ESMA on its website in accordance with the CRA 
Regulation, or any of its affiliates or successor. 
“Net Liquidity Outflows” means all payment outflows falling due on one day, including principal (if 
applicable, as it will only be considered due for this purposes on the relevant Extended Maturity Date in 
accordance with Condition 14.2 (Liquidity Buffer)) and interest payments under the Public Sector Covered 
Bonds and payments under the Hedging Contracts, net of all payment inflows falling due on the same day 
for assets in the Cover Pool. 
“Non-Performing Public Sector Credits” means, with respect to a Public Sector Credit, that such Public 
Sector Credit: 
(a) 
is in the course of being foreclosed or otherwise enforced; or 
(b) 
has one or more payments of principal or interest past due for more than 90 days.

--- Page 134 ---
134 
“Original Reference Rate” means the originally-specified benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) used 
to determine the Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof), as applicable, on the Public Sector 
Covered Bonds. 
“Other Assets” means all assets other than Public Sector Credits and Hedging Contracts which comply 
with the eligibility criteria established in the CRR and which are included in the Cover Pool as specified in 
the Register, including: 
(a) 
the assets described above under the section “Public Sector Credits Eligibility Criteria” if they are not 
deemed to be Primary; 
(b) 
deposits with the Bank of Portugal, in cash or securities eligible for lending operations; 
(c) 
current or term account deposits with credit institutions (located in the EEA which are not in a control 
or group relationship with the Issuer); and  
(c) 
any other assets located in the EEA complying simultaneously with low risk and high liquidity 
requirements. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Other Assets do not include any cash collateral that may be transferred under 
the Hedging Contracts. 
“Other Preferred Creditors” means the Hedge Counterparties. 
“Overcollateralisation Percentage” has the meaning given to it in Condition 14.1 (Maintenance of 
Overcollateralisation) of these Terms and Conditions. 
“Paying Agent” means Banco BPI, S.A., with head office at Avenida da Boavista, 1117, 4100-129 Porto, 
Portugal. 
“Paying Agents” means the paying agents named in the Agency and Payments Procedures together with 
any successor or additional paying agents appointed from time to time in connection with the Public Sector 
Covered Bonds under the Agency and Payments Procedures. 
“Portuguese Companies Code” means the commercial companies code approved by Decree-Law no. 
262/86, of 2 September, as amended from time to time.  
“Portuguese Securities Code” means Decree-Law no. 486/99, of 13 November, as amended from time to 
time.

--- Page 135 ---
135 
“Primary Assets” means the dominant cover assets that determine the nature of a cover pool of public 
sector covered bonds, under the Legal Regime of Public Sector Covered Bonds. In particular in respect of 
the Cover Pool, the Primary Assets are Public Sector Credits, corresponding to the type of assets foreseen 
in Article 129(1), paragraphs (a) and (b) of the CRR. 
“Programme” means the €2,000,000,000 Public Sector Covered Bonds programme established on 19 June 
2008 for the issuance of Public Sector Covered Bonds by the Issuer as described in this Base Prospectus, as 
converted on 12 October 2023 for the issuance of “European Covered Bond (Premium)” in compliance with 
the Legal Regime of Public Sector Covered Bonds, and as updated from time to time. 
“Programme Agreement” means the agreement dated 19 June 2008 entered into between the Issuer and 
the Dealers, as amended and restated from time to time. 
“Programme Documents” means the Base Prospectus, the Programme Agreement, the Agency and 
Payments Procedures, the Common Representative Appointment Agreement, the Cover Pool Monitor 
Agreement and any other agreement or document entered into from time to time by the Issuer pursuant 
thereto and in relation to the Programme. 
“Programme Resolution” means any Resolution directing the Common Representative to accelerate the 
Public Sector Covered Bonds pursuant to Condition 9 (Insolvency Event and Enforcement) or directing the 
Common Representative to take any enforcement action and which shall only be capable of being passed at 
a single meeting of the holders of Public Sector Covered Bonds of all Series then outstanding. 
“Public Sector Covered Bond” means any public sector covered bond issued by the Issuer pursuant to the 
Legal Regime of Public Sector Covered Bonds in the form specified in the applicable Final Terms and 
“Public Sector Covered Bonds” shall be construed accordingly.  
“Public Sector Covered Bonds Law” means the Portuguese legal framework applicable to the issuance of 
covered bonds and public sector covered bonds, enacted by Decree-Law no. 59/2006, of 20 March, as 
amended, which has been revoked by Decree-Law no. 31/2022, of 6 May. 
“Public Sector Credit” means the credit receivables over the central administrations, regional or local 
authorities of any EU Member State as well as receivables benefiting from an express and legally binding 
guarantee issued by any of such entities which are comprised in the Cover Pool, in accordance with Article 
129(1)(a) and 129(1)(b) of the CRR.

--- Page 136 ---
136 
“Rating” means the then current rating of rated Public Sector Covered Bonds given by the relevant Rating 
Agency and “Ratings” means all of such Ratings. 
“Rating Agencies” means DBRS, Fitch and Moody’s, which are established in the EEA and registered 
under the CRA Regulation, and which are, as at the date of this Base Prospectus, included in the list of credit 
rating agencies published by the ESMA on its website in accordance with the CRA Regulation.  
“Reference Banks” means those banks whose offered rates were used to determine such quotation when 
such quotation last appeared on the Relevant Screen Page or, if applicable, those banks whose offered 
quotations last appeared on the Relevant Screen Page when no fewer than three such offered quotations 
appeared. 
“Reference Price” means the reference price appearing in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Register” means the register of the Cover Pool and associated collateral maintained by the Issuer in 
accordance with the Legal Regime of Public Sector Covered Bonds and the CMVM Regulation; 
“Registered Public Sector Covered Bond” means any Public Sector Covered Bond in registered form. 
“Relevant Date” means the date on which a payment first becomes due, except that, if the full amount of 
the moneys payable has not been duly received by the Agent on or prior to such due date, it means the date 
on which, the full amount of such moneys having been so received, notice to that effect is duly given to the 
holders of Public Sector Covered Bonds in accordance with Condition 11 (Notices). 
“Relevant Nominating Body” means, in respect of a benchmark or screen rate (as applicable):  
(1) the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) relates, or any 
central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator of the 
benchmark or screen rate (as applicable); or  
(2) any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted at the request of 
(a) the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) relates, (b) any 
central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator of the 
benchmark or screen rate (as applicable), (c) a group of the aforementioned central banks or other 
supervisory authorities or (d) the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof.  
“Relevant Screen Page” has the meaning ascribed to it in the Final Terms.

--- Page 137 ---
137 
“Reserved Matter” means any proposal: (i) to change any date fixed for payment of principal or interest in 
respect of the Public Sector Covered Bonds of all or of a given Series, (ii) to reduce the amount of principal 
or interest due on any date in respect of the Public Sector Covered Bonds of all or of a given Series or to 
alter the method of calculating the amount of any payment in respect of the Public Sector Covered Bonds 
of all or of a given Series on redemption or maturity; (iii) to effect the exchange, substitution or conversion 
of the Public Sector Covered Bonds of all or of a given Series into shares, bonds or other obligations or 
securities of the Issuer or any other person or body corporate formed or to be formed; (iv) to change the 
currency in which amounts due in respect of the Public Sector Covered Bonds of all or of a given Series are 
payable; (v) to alter the priority of payment of interest or principal in respect of the Public Sector Covered 
Bonds of all or of a given Series; (vi) any other provided for pursuant to Portuguese law; or (vii) to amend 
this definition. 
“Resolution” means a resolution adopted at a duly convened meeting of holders of Public Sector Covered 
Bonds and approved in accordance with the applicable provisions. 
“RGICSF” means the General Regime for Credit Institutions and Financial Companies, as enacted by 
Decree-Law no. 298/92, of 31 December 1992, as amended. 
“Series” means a Tranche of Public Sector Covered Bonds together with any further Tranche or Tranches 
of Public Sector Covered Bonds which are (i) expressed to be consolidated and form a single series and (ii) 
identical in all respects (including as to listing) except for their respective Issue Dates, Interest 
Commencement Dates, interest rates and/or Issue Prices. 
“Stock Exchange” means Euronext Lisbon or any other stock exchange where Public Sector Covered 
Bonds may be listed as per the applicable Final Terms, and references herein to the “relevant Stock 
Exchange” shall, in relation to any Public Sector Covered Bonds, be references to the stock exchange or 
stock exchanges on which such Public Sector Covered Bonds are from time to time, or are intended to be, 
listed. 
"Substitution Assets" means the cover assets that contribute to the coverage requirements in relation to 
public sector covered bonds other than Primary Assets, under the Legal Regime of Public Sector Covered 
Bonds, provided that they comply with the relevant requirements foreseen in Article 129 of the CRR. 
“sub-unit” means, with respect to any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency that is 
available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, with respect to euro, one cent.

--- Page 138 ---
138 
“Successor Rate” means the rate that the Independent Adviser or, as the case may be, the Issuer determines 
is a successor to or replacement of the Original Reference Rate which is formally recommended by any 
Relevant Nominating Body.  
“T2” means the Trans-European Automated Real-time Gross Settlement Express Transfer Payment System 
which utilises a single shared platform and which was launched on 20 March 2023 (replacing the previous 
settlement payment system, TARGET 2), or any successor or replacement for that system. 
“Tax” shall be construed so as to include any present or future tax, levy, impost, duty, charge, fee, deduction 
or withholding of any nature whatsoever (including any penalty or interest payable in connection with any 
failure to pay or any delay in paying any of the same) imposed or levied by or on behalf of any Tax Authority 
and “Taxes”, “taxation”, “taxable” and comparable expressions shall be construed accordingly. 
“Tax Authority” means any government, state, municipal, local, federal or other fiscal, revenue, customs 
or excise authority, body or official anywhere in the world exercising a fiscal, revenue, customs or excise 
function, including the Portuguese Tax and Customs Authority, the Irish Revenue Commissioners and H.M. 
Revenue and Customs. 
“Tax Deduction” means any deduction or withholding on account of Tax. 
“Terms and Conditions” means in relation to the Public Sector Covered Bonds, the terms and conditions 
applicable to the Public Sector Covered Bonds and any reference to a particular numbered Condition shall 
be construed in relation to the Public Sector Covered Bonds accordingly. 
“Tranche” means Public Sector Covered Bonds which are identical in all respects (including as to listing). 
“Treaty” means the Treaty on the Functioning of the EU, as amended from time to time. 
“U.S.” or “United States” means the United States of America. 
“U.S.$”, “USD” or “U.S. dollars” means United States dollars, the lawful currency of the United States of 
America.

--- Page 139 ---
139 
CHARACTERISTICS OF THE COVER POOL 
INTRODUCTION – CAPACITY TO ISSUE PUBLIC SECTOR COVERED BONDS 
In general, public sector cover bonds may only be issued by duly licensed credit institutions. The Issuer 
complies meets this requirement and thus is qualified to issue public sector covered bonds under the Legal 
Regime of Public Sector Covered Bonds. 
ISSUER REQUIRED TO MAINTAIN COVER POOL 
The Issuer may issue Public Sector Covered Bonds only if it maintains a related Cover Pool in compliance 
with the Legal Regime of Public Sector Covered Bonds. The Cover Pool may contain Primary Assets, 
Substitution Assets and Liquidity Assets (each as defined in the chapter entitled “Definitions” below), 
subject to the limitations provided for in the Legal Regime of Public Sector Covered Bonds. The Legal 
Regime of Public Sector Covered Bonds allows for the composition of the Cover Pool to be dynamic and 
does not require it to be static. Accordingly, the credit assets over the central administrations, regional or 
local authorities of any EU Member State as well as receivables benefiting from an express and legally 
binding guarantee issued by any of such entities, substitution assets and other eligible assets (including 
hedging contracts) to be comprised in the Cover Pool may change from time to time after the date hereof in 
order to ensure compliance with the requirements of the Legal Regime of Public Sector Covered Bonds and 
with CMVM Regulation (as defined in the chapter entitled “Definitions” below). 
To enable it to issue Public Sector Covered Bonds, the Issuer has established and will maintain a 
permanently identifiable and segregated register (the “Register”) in relation to the Cover Pool for the 
purposes of the Legal Regime of Public Sector Covered Bonds. The Issuer plans to issue from time to time 
further Public Sector Covered Bonds and will include in the relevant Cover Pool, additional credit assets 
over the central administrations, regional or local authorities of any EU Member State as well as receivables 
benefiting from an express and legally binding guarantee issued by any of such entities or substitution assets 
(and other permitted assets) as security for those Public Sector Covered Bonds in accordance with relevant 
provisions of the Legal Regime of Public Sector Covered Bonds, as further detailed below.  
The Issuer is required, as soon as practicable after becoming aware that it has contravened the provisions of 
the Legal Regime of Public Sector Covered Bonds, to take all possible steps to prevent the contravention 
from continuing or being repeated.

--- Page 140 ---
140 
ELIGIBILITY CRITERIA FOR ASSETS COMPRISED IN THE COVER POOL 
Only public sector credits or receivables, including, but not limited to, interest revenue and repayments, 
which comply with the legal eligibility criteria described below may be included in the Cover Pool: 
Public Sector Credits Eligibility Criteria 
The Public Sector Covered Bonds to be issued under this Base Prospectus will be labelled as “European 
Covered Bond (Premium)”, as set out in Article 42(2) of the Legal Regime of Public Sector Covered Bonds 
provided that the Public Sector Covered Bonds are in compliance with the Legal Regime of Public Sector 
Covered Bonds and the CRR. 
As such, the Cover Pool will comprise only assets listed in Article 129(1) of the CRR (and provided that 
the requirements under paragraphs 1a to 3b of Article 129 of the CRR are met). Each Cover Pool shall 
comprise of Primary Assets, Substitution Assets or Liquidity Assets, provided that: 
• 
the value of the third country Public Sector Credits (if any) may not exceed 20 % of the nominal 
amount of outstanding Public Sector Covered Bonds; and  
• 
(i) exposures to credit institutions that qualify for credit quality step 1 (as defined in the CRR) 
shall not exceed 15 per cent. of the aggregate nominal amount outstanding of the Public Sector 
Covered Bonds; (ii) exposures to credit institutions that qualify for credit quality step 2 (as defined 
in the CRR) shall not exceed 10 per cent. of the aggregate nominal amount outstanding of the 
Public Sector Covered Bonds; (iii) exposures to credit institutions that qualify for credit quality 
step 3 (as defined in the CRR) shall comply with the requirements set out under sub-paragraphs 
1(c) and 1-A(c) of Article 129 of the CRR; (iv) the total exposure to credit institutions that qualify 
for credit quality step 1, 2 or 3 shall not exceed 15 per cent. of the aggregate nominal amount 
outstanding of the Public Sector Covered Bonds; and (v) the total exposure to credit institutions 
that qualify for credit quality step 2 or 3 shall not exceed 10 per cent. of the aggregate nominal 
amount outstanding of the Public Sector Covered Bonds. 
Other assets Eligibility Criteria: 
The following assets may also be included in the Cover Pool as Other Assets:  
(a) 
the assets described above under the section “Public Sector Credits Eligibility Criteria” if they are not 
deemed to be Primary Assets;

--- Page 141 ---
141 
(b)  
deposits with the Bank of Portugal, in cash or securities eligible for credit transactions in the 
Eurosystem lending operations; 
(c) 
current or term account deposits with credit institutions (located in the EEA which are not in a control 
or group relationship with the Issuer); and 
(d) 
any other assets located in the EEA complying simultaneously with low risk and high liquidity 
requirements. 
At the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer intends to include in the Cover Pool public sector credits 
which are located in Portugal, granted to or secured by Portuguese central administrations, regional or local 
authorities for the purposes of the Legal Regime of Public Sector Covered Bonds. 
HEDGING CONTRACTS 
The Legal Regime of Public Sector Covered Bonds allows the Cover Pool to include Hedging Contracts 
aimed exclusively at hedging risks, namely interest rate, exchange rate or liquidity risks. These Hedging 
Contracts will form part of the Cover Pool and may be taken into account in the assessment of the financial 
ratios and requirements of the Legal Regime of Public Sector Covered Bonds and as described in this 
section. 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Legal Regime of Public Sector Covered Bonds and Article 129 of the 
CRR, any such Hedging Contracts can only be included in the Cover Pool provided they (i) are exclusively 
aimed at covering risk; (ii) their volume is adjusted in the case of a reduction in the risk covered; (iii) cease 
if the covered risk ceases to exist; (iv) are sufficiently documented; (v) are segregated in accordance with 
the Legal Regime of Public Sector Covered Bonds; (vi) cannot be terminated upon the liquidation or 
resolution of the Issuer; (vii) are traded on a regulated market or multilateral trading facility of an EU 
Member State, or on a recognised market of an OECD country, or whose counterparties are credit 
institutions located in the EEA, whose exposures are eligible (A) for credit quality step 1 or credit quality 
step 2 (both as defined in CRR); or (B) for credit quality step 3 (as defined in the CRR), if authorised by the 
competent authority; and (viii) are included on the basis of their market value, or, in the absence of such 
market value, at a value calculated on the basis of adequate valuation methods. The Legal Regime of Public 
Sector Covered Bonds empowers the CMVM to develop the eligibility criteria for hedging contracts to form 
part of the Cover Pool. 
Also pursuant to the Legal Regime of Public Sector Covered Bonds, the Register shall, in relation to each 
Hedging Contract, identify (i) the Public Sector Covered Bonds to which the relevant Hedging Contract

--- Page 142 ---
142 
relates; (ii) the underlying asset or assets; (iii) the nominal value of the Hedging Contract; (iv) the Hedge 
Counterparty; and (v) the commencement date and the maturity date of such Hedging Contract. 
If a particular Tranche of Public Sector Covered Bonds is issued in a denomination other than the euro, the 
Issuer must enter into Hedging Contracts for the purpose of hedging any currency exchange risk. 
Interest rate exposure of the Issuer relating to Public Sector Credits comprised in the Cover Pool will be 
managed through the Hedging Contracts. Interest rate swaps will be entered into with a Hedge Counterparty 
relating to both the Cover Pool and the Public Sector Covered Bonds issued by the Issuer.  
Pursuant to the Legal Regime of Public Sector Covered Bonds and Articles 129(1)(b) of the CRR, the 
amount of a Public Sector Credit granted by the Issuer and registered as being comprised in the Cover Pool 
may not exceed 20 % of the nominal amount of outstanding public sector covered bonds. For further details, 
see section “Valuation of Cover Pool” below. 
OVERCOLLATERALISATION 
Pursuant to the Legal Regime of Public Sector Covered Bonds and the CRR, all liabilities of the Public 
Sector Covered Bonds shall be fully secured by the cover assets.  
In compliance with the above legal requirements, in particular with Article 129(3)(a) of the CRR, Condition 
14 (Overcollateralisation, Liquidity Buffer and Issuer Covenants) requires the Issuer to over-collateralise 
the Cover Pool with respect to outstanding Public Sector Covered Bonds at a minimum level of 105 per 
cent. or such other percentage as may be selected by the Issuer from time to time and notified to the Cover 
Pool Monitor, provided that: (i) the Overcollateralisation Percentage shall not, for so long as there are Public 
Sector Covered Bonds outstanding rated by Moody’s, be reduced by the Issuer below 107 per cent.; (ii) 
without prejudice to (i) above, the Issuer shall not at any time reduce the Overcollateralisation Percentage 
which applies for the purposes of Condition 14 (Overcollateralisation, Liquidity Buffer and Issuer 
Covenants) if this could result in any credit rating then assigned to the Public Sector Covered Bonds by any 
Rating Agency being reduced, removed, suspended or placed on credit watch.; and (iii) assets contributing 
to the minimum level of the Overcollateralisation Percentage shall not be subject to the limits on exposure 
size set out in accordance with Condition 14.3 (Issuer Covenants), paragraph (A) (Eligible Assets), 
subparagraph (b) and shall not count towards those limits. 
See Terms and Conditions of the Public Sector Covered Bonds.

--- Page 143 ---
143 
For the purposes of the calculation by the Issuer and the Cover Pool Monitor of the level of 
overcollateralisation referred to above: 
(a) 
Public Sector Credits shall be accounted for according to an amount equal to the book value of 
such Public Sector Credits entered on the Register (together with any matured and accrued interest, 
if the requirements of the Legal Regime of Public Sector Covered Bonds are met); 
(b) 
The Public Sector Covered Bonds shall be accounted according to the nominal value of 
outstanding principal; 
(c) 
Debt securities shall be accounted for according to the nominal value of the outstanding capital; 
(d) 
Derivative contracts shall be accounted for in according to the market value or, in the absence 
thereof, at the value calculated on the basis of appropriate valuation methods;  
(e) 
Deposits shall be accounted for according to their amount; and 
(f) 
Securities eligible for Eurosystem credit transactions shall be account for by the value resulting 
from the application of the rules regarding margin valuation laid down by the Eurosystem or, if 
lower, according to their nominal value. 
Also for the purpose of these calculations the Issuer and the Cover Pool Monitor shall use the exchange 
rates published by the ECB as a reference. 
COMPLIANCE WITH FINANCIAL REQUIREMENTS 
The Cover Pool Monitor must, pursuant to the Legal Regime of Public Sector Covered Bonds and in the 
terms set forth in the Legal Regime of Public Sector Covered Bonds and in the Cover Pool Monitor 
Agreement, monitor the Issuer’s compliance with the financial requirements established in the Legal 
Regime of Public Sector Covered Bonds described in this section. Should a breach of the homogeneity, 
coverage or liquidity of the Cover Pool occur, the Issuer is required, immediately after becoming aware 
thereof, to take all possible steps to remedy such breach, by: 
(a) 
allocating new Primary or Substitution Assets, with or without substitution of those already 
allocated to the Public Sector Covered Bonds; and/or 
(b) 
amortising Public Sector Covered Bonds in a sufficient amount to remedy the breach; and/or 
(c) 
allocating new liquid assets to the liquidity buffer. 
Notwithstanding the above, Public Sector Credits that become delinquent after being allocated to the Cover 
Pool may still remain in such Cover Pool provided that the delinquency period is not equal to or higher than

--- Page 144 ---
144 
90 days and such Public Sector Credits not removed from the Cover Pool following 90 days shall not count 
towards the statutory tests or the Overcollateralisation Percentage. 
VALUATION OF COVER POOL 
The Legal Regime of Public Sector Covered Bonds sets out certain requirements and criteria which are 
required to be met by the Issuer in respect of the valuation of Public Sector Credits comprised in the Cover 
Pool.  
The Legal Regime of Public Sector Covered Bonds empowers CMVM to establish, by regulation, 
requirements in relation to the valuation basis and methodology, time of valuation and any other matter that 
it may consider relevant for determining the value of eligible assets for the purposes of the Legal Regime 
of Public Sector Covered Bonds. In this regard, the CMVM Regulation does not specifically include any 
provisions regarding the methodologies and frequency of valuation of the cover assets, their risk 
management, and the registration and archiving of all this information. Instead, it refers to national and EU 
banking prudential legislation and regulations (namely Article 208 of the CRR). 
Valuation of Public Sector Credits 
Public Sector Credits shall be accounted for according to an amount equal to the book value of such Public 
Sector Credits entered on the Register (together with any matured and accrued interest, if the requirements 
of the Legal Regime of Public Sector Covered Bonds are met). 
Valuation of other assets 
Pursuant to the CMVM Regulation, the other assets in the Cover Pool shall be valued as follows: 
(a) 
Debt securities shall be accounted for according to the nominal value of the outstanding capital; 
(b) 
Derivative contracts shall be accounted for in according to the market value or, in the absence 
thereof, at the value calculated on the basis of appropriate valuation methods;  
(c) 
Deposits shall be accounted for according to their amount; and 
(d) 
Securities eligible for Eurosystem credit transactions shall be account for by the value resulting 
from the application of the rules regarding margin valuation laid down by the Eurosystem or, if 
lower, according to their nominal value.

--- Page 145 ---
145 
COVER POOL SEGREGATED REGISTER AND SPECIAL CREDITOR PRIVILEGE 
Autonomous pool of assets and segregated register 
Pursuant to the Legal Regime of Public Sector Covered Bonds, the Cover Pool constitutes an autonomous 
pool of assets (património autónomo), not liable for any general indebtedness incurred by the Issuer until 
all amounts due to the holders of Public Sector Covered Bonds and the Other Preferred Creditors are fully 
paid and discharged. 
The Legal Regime of Public Sector Covered Bonds provides that the appropriate particulars of each asset 
comprised in the Cover Pool must be recorded in a segregated register within, and maintained by, the Issuer. 
Such register must record the following: 
(i) 
borrower identification; 
(ii) 
the outstanding amount; 
(iii) 
the interest rate; 
(iv) 
the amortisation date;  
(v) 
for collateralised claims, the identification of the entity or individual before whom the relevant deed 
was drawn up or who authenticated the private deed whereby the collateral was created; and 
(vi) 
proof of definitive registration of the collateral in the corresponding real estate registry. 
In case of default in payment of interest or principal on the Public Sector Covered Bonds, and in case the 
holders of such Public Sector Covered Bonds decide to accelerate the relevant Public Sector Covered Bonds, 
holders of such Public Sector Covered Bonds, or the Common Representative on their behalf, may have 
access to the list of assets making up the Cover Pool allocated to the relevant Public Sector Covered Bonds, 
in accordance with Article 8 of the CMVM Regulation. 
Special creditor privilege 
Under the Legal Regime of Public Sector Covered Bonds, the holders of Public Sector Covered Bonds enjoy 
a special creditor privilege over the Cover Pool (including the Public Sector Credits, the Other Assets and 
the Hedging Contracts) with preference over any other general creditor, in relation to the repayment of 
principal and payment of interest due under the Public Sector Covered Bonds. For further information, 
please refer to the chapter entitled “Legal Regime of Public Sector Covered Bonds”.

--- Page 146 ---
146 
INSOLVENCY OF THE ISSUER 
The Legal Regime of Public Sector Covered Bonds governs, to a certain extent, the impact on the Public 
Sector Covered Bonds of a possible insolvency or winding-up of the Issuer, so as to ensure due protection 
to the holders of Public Sector Covered Bonds.  
In the event of insolvency or liquidation of the Issuer, the Legal Regime of Public Sector Covered Bonds 
establishes that any assets comprised in the Cover Pool, as well as interest revenue, repayments, and any 
collateral in connection with derivative contracts shall be segregated from the insolvency estate of the Issuer 
and will be managed autonomously by a third party, and will not form part thereof until full payment of any 
amounts due and payable to the holders of Public Sector Covered Bonds and counterparties of derivative 
contracts. In any case, and even if the Issuer is declared insolvent, the Legal Regime of Public Sector 
Covered Bonds determines that timely payments of interest and reimbursements under the Public Sector 
Covered Bonds shall continue to be carried out. However, if the assets comprised in the Cover Pool are 
insufficient to meet interest and principal payments, the holders of Public Sector Covered Bonds will rank 
pari passu with unsecured creditors of the Issuer in relation to the remaining assets of the Issuer. 
Where a resolution action is taken against the Issuer, which shall be immediately notified to CMVM, 
CMVM shall cooperate with the Bank of Portugal, as the competent resolution authority, to protect the 
rights and interests of the holders of Public Sector Covered Bonds, in particular by verifying the continuity 
and sound management of the public sector covered bonds programme following the resolution action. 
In this situation, pursuant to the Legal Regime of Public Sector Covered Bonds, the holders of Public Sector 
Covered Bonds are entitled to adopt a resolution approving the immediate acceleration of the Public Sector 
Covered Bonds by a majority of at least two thirds of the votes of the holders of Public Sector Covered 
Bonds then outstanding, in which case the entity appointed to manage the Cover Pool shall provide for the 
liquidation thereof to the benefit of the holders of Public Sector Covered Bonds. 
If an Insolvency Event occurs in relation to the Issuer, the Bank of Portugal, as the competent resolution 
authority, shall notify CMVM, as soon as possible, when it applies a resolution measure to the Issuer, 
informing it, specifically, of the treatment of the Public Sector Covered Bonds in the resolution action 
applied. In addition, if the authorisation of the Issuer to act as a credit institution in Portugal is revoked, the 
Bank of Portugal will immediately inform CMVM of the decision to revoke the authorisation of the Issuer. 
In case of revocation of the authorisation to act as a credit institution in Portugal and consequent liquidation 
of the Issuer, CMVM may appoint a special administrator (the “Special Administrator”) within 10 business

--- Page 147 ---
147 
days after the revocation of such authorisation, to ensure that the rights and interest of the holders of the 
Public Sector Covered Bonds are preserved. The roles and responsibilities of the Special Administrator 
include: 
(i) 
extinction of liabilities associated with the Public Sector Covered Bonds; 
(ii) 
the management and settlement of cover assets, including their transfer to another credit institution 
that issues public sector covered bonds, together with the liabilities associated with such public 
sector covered bonds; 
(iii) 
performing all acts and operations necessary for: 
(a) 
the adequate administration of the Cover Pool;  
(b) 
the continuous monitoring of the coverage of the liabilities associated with the Public Sector 
Covered Bonds; and  
(c) 
the initiation of the necessary legal actions to reintegrate the assets into the Cover Pool and 
the transfer of the remaining assets to the insolvent estate (massa insolvente) of the Issuer, 
after all Public Sector Covered Bonds liabilities have been discharged; 
(iv) 
performing all acts and operations necessary for the sound management of the claims and 
respective collateral, to ensure the timely payment of all amounts due to the holders of the Public 
Sector Covered Bonds, including, but not limited to: 
(a) 
selling the Public Sector Credits comprised in the Cover Pool; 
(b) 
ensuring the timely collection services in respect of the Public Sector Credits comprised in 
the Cover Pool; 
(c) 
administrative services in connection with such Public Sector Credits and respective 
borrowers, and 
(d) 
amending and extinguishing conservative acts relating to the guarantees; and 
(v) 
maintaining and keeping updated a segregated register of the Cover Pool in accordance with the 
Legal Regime of Public Sector Covered Bonds. 
CMVM may dismiss the Special Administrator, in particular, in cases where such Special Administrator 
fails to fulfil and comply with the duties and responsibilities assigned under the Legal Regime of Public

--- Page 148 ---
148 
Sector Covered Bonds. The remuneration of the Special Administrator is fixed by CMVM and constitutes 
a charge on the Cover Pool. 
Finally, CMVM, the Bank of Portugal, as the competent resolution authority, and (if appointed) the Special 
Administrator shall coordinate their measures and exchange the necessary information for the performance 
of their respective functions. 
The Special Administrator will prepare, immediately upon being appointed, an opening balance sheet in 
relation to the Cover Pool, supplemented by the corresponding explanatory notes, as well as an annual 
report, regarding the Cover Pool. The annual report shall be subject to an audit report, prepared by an 
independent auditor appointed by the Special Administrator. By the end of the first quarter following the 
end of the relevant financial year, the Special Administrator will share with CMVM the annual report, jointly 
with the audit report.

--- Page 149 ---
149 
COMMON REPRESENTATIVE OF THE HOLDERS OF PUBLIC SECTOR COVERED 
BONDS 
Bondholders, S.L., with head office at Avenida de Francia, 17, A, 1, 46023 Valencia, Spain has been 
appointed by the Issuer as representative of the holders of the Public Sector Covered Bonds pursuant to 
Article 28 of the Legal Regime of Public Sector Covered Bonds and in accordance with the Terms and 
Conditions and the terms of the Common Representative Appointment Agreement. 
The Issuer has appointed the Common Representative to represent the holders of Public Sector Covered 
Bonds. According to the Legal Regime of Public Sector Covered Bonds and to the relevant provisions of 
the Portuguese Companies Code, the Common Representative may be entitled to perform all the necessary 
acts and actions in order to ensure protection of the holders of Public Sector Covered Bonds, namely: (a) to 
represent the holders of Public Sector Covered Bonds in respect of all matters arising from the issuance of 
the Public Sector Covered Bonds and to enforce on their behalf their legal or contractual rights; (b) to 
enforce any decision taken by the general meetings of the holders of Public Sector Covered Bonds, in 
particular those where the acceleration of the Public Sector Covered Bonds may be decided; (c) to represent 
the holders of Public Sector Covered Bonds in any judicial proceedings, including judicial proceedings 
against the Issuer and, in particular, in the context of any winding-up, dissolution or insolvency commenced 
by or against the Issuer; (d) to collect and examine all the relevant documentation in respect of the Issuer 
which is provided to its shareholders; and (e) to provide the holders of Public Sector Covered Bonds with 
all relevant information regarding the issuance of the Public Sector Covered Bonds it may become aware of 
by virtue of its role as Common Representative under the Common Representative Appointment Agreement. 
The holders of the Public Sector Covered Bonds may at any time, by means of resolutions passed in 
accordance with the Terms and Conditions and the Common Representative Appointment Agreement, 
remove the Common Representative and appoint a new common representative. The removal of any 
Common Representative shall not become effective unless a common representative in office is appointed.

--- Page 150 ---
150 
COVER POOL MONITOR 
APPOINTMENT OF A COVER POOL MONITOR  
The Legal Regime of Public Sector Covered Bonds requires that the Board of Directors of the Issuer 
appoints a qualified person or entity to be the monitor of the Cover Pool (the “Cover Pool Monitor”) who 
shall be responsible, for the benefit of the holders of Public Sector Covered Bonds, for monitoring the 
compliance by the Issuer of the requirements contained in the Legal Regime of Public Sector Covered Bonds 
and the CMVM Regulation.  
Pursuant to the Legal Regime of Public Sector Covered Bonds, the Cover Pool Monitor must be an 
independent auditor registered with the CMVM. For these purposes, an independent auditor must be an 
auditor which is not related with or associated to any group of interests within the issuing entity and is not 
in a position that hinders its independent analysis and decision-making process. In particular such 
independent auditor shall not (i) be the statutory auditor responsible for the statutory audit of BPI’s annual 
report in the two years prior to the time of its appointment and is not financially, personally, commercially, 
professionally, or otherwise related to any such statutory auditor, its network, or any individual who can 
influence the findings of the audit or (ii) be associated with any special interest group in BPI nor is in any 
situation that could hinder its impartiality of analysis or decision-making, in particular because it holds or 
acts on behalf of the holders of qualifying holdings of 5 per cent. or more of BPI 's share capital nor has 
performed the duties set out in (i) above in relation to the relevant issuance or the public sector covered 
bonds programme for 10 consecutive years. 
The Issuer is responsible for paying any remuneration or other monies payable to the Cover Pool Monitor 
in connection with the Cover Pool Monitor’s responsibilities in respect of the Issuer and the holders of 
Public Sector Covered Bonds. 
ROLE OF THE COVER POOL MONITOR 
Pursuant to the Cover Pool Monitor Agreement, the Issuer appointed Deloitte & Associados, SROC, S.A. 
as Cover Pool Monitor. Deloitte & Associados, SROC, S.A. is registered with CMVM under registration 
number 20161389. 
The Cover Pool Monitor Agreement reflects the requirements of the Legal Regime of Public Sector Covered 
Bonds in relation to the appointment of a monitor in respect of the requirements (namely, financial 
requirements and the requirements set forth in Condition 14 (Overcollateralisation, Liquidity Buffer and 
Issuer Covenants)) concerning the Cover Pool and the Public Sector Covered Bonds. The Cover Pool

--- Page 151 ---
151 
Monitor Agreement provides for certain matters such as overcollateralisation (see Characteristics of the 
Cover Pool), verification of the quality of the assets comprised in the Cover Pool, the payment of fees and 
expenses by the Issuer to the Cover Pool Monitor, the resignation of the Cover Pool Monitor and the 
replacement by the Issuer of the Cover Pool Monitor. 
DUTIES AND POWERS OF THE COVER POOL MONITOR 
In accordance with the Legal Regime of Public Sector Covered Bonds, the Cover Pool Monitor is required 
to monitor, for the benefit of the holders of the Public Sector Covered Bonds, compliance by the Issuer with 
the financial and prudential requirements established in the Legal Regime of Public Sector Covered Bonds 
and in the CMVM Regulation in respect of the Cover Pool. In particular, the Cover Pool Monitor shall be 
engaged to assess compliance by the Issuer with the requirements set forth in Condition 14 
(Overcollateralisation, Liquidity Buffer and Issuer Covenants). 
Pursuant to the Legal Regime of Public Sector Covered Bonds and the Bank of Portugal Regulations, the 
Cover Pool Monitor is entitled to be provided with all information required to monitor compliance by the 
Issuer with the requirements relating to outstanding Public Sector Covered Bonds and the Cover Pool. 
In accordance with Article 17 of the Legal Regime of Public Sector Covered Bonds, in the performance of 
its duties, the Cover Pool Monitor shall verify on an ongoing basis, including in the event of liquidation or 
resolution of the Issuer, the quality of the assets comprising the Cover Pool and compliance with the 
applicable requirements on eligibility of assets, including risk coverage and derivatives, composition and 
homogeneity of the Cover Pool, segregation, intra-group structures and joint funding, coverage and liquidity 
requirements, as well as the information provided to the holders of Public Sector Covered Bonds. In 
addition, if the Cover Pool Monitor, while performing its duties, detects any irregularity it shall 
communicate it immediately and simultaneously to the Issuer and CMVM. 
Finally, in accordance with Article 17 of the Legal Regime of Public Sector Covered Bonds, the Cover Pool 
Monitor must produce an annual report, by reference to 31 December, with an assessment of the Issuer’s 
compliance with the requirements established in the Legal Regime of Public Sector Covered Bonds and in 
the CMVM Regulation, in particular the quality of the assets comprising the Cover Pool and compliance 
with the applicable requirements on eligibility of assets, including risk coverage and derivatives, 
composition and homogeneity of the Cover Pool, segregation, intra-group structures and joint funding, 
coverage and liquidity requirements, as well as information provided to investors.

--- Page 152 ---
152 
If, during the performance of its duties, the Cover Pool Monitor becomes aware that the Issuer has not 
complied with any of the provisions of the Legal Regime of Public Sector Covered Bonds and/or of any of 
the Cover Pool’s requirements, it must immediately notify the Issuer and CMVM of such event. If the 
situation remains unremedied for 10 business days after such notification, the Cover Pool Monitor will 
notify the Arrangers, the Common Representative and the Dealer of the non-compliance. 
REMUNERATION AND TERMINATION OF THE APPOINTMENT OF THE COVER POOL MONITOR 
In accordance with the Cover Pool Monitor Agreement, the Cover Pool Monitor shall be remunerated by 
the Issuer for its services as Cover Pool Monitor at a rate as may from time to time be agreed between the 
Issuer and the Cover Pool Monitor. 
The Cover Pool Monitor can only be dismissed by the Issuer with cause, and such dismissal and the relevant 
cause must be communicated to CMVM within 10 days from its occurrence. The Cover Pool Monitor may 
retire, upon giving not less than 3 calendar months’ notice in writing to the Issuer. Any such termination or 
retirement shall not become effective until a new cover pool monitor is appointed.

--- Page 153 ---
153 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER  
The Issuer is wholly owned by CaixaBank, S.A. (“CaixaBank”) and focuses on the commercial banking 
business in Portugal, using its distribution network and digital channels to offer services and financial 
products to corporate, institutional and individual customers. 
On 30 June 2024, the Issuer served 1.8 million customers in the domestic market and was the fourth largest 
financial institution in terms of business volume11 (€71 billion in loans, guarantees and total customer 
resources), with market shares12 above 11 per cent. in loans and in customer resources. 
The business model is based on the provision of a complete range of financial products and services, 
structured to meet the specific needs of each segment, through a specialized, integrated, omnichannel 
distribution network. Part of this offer relies on products and services provided by subsidiaries in Portugal 
and CaixaBank Group companies as shown in the figure below, which also illustrates BPI’s financial 
holdings in African banks. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
11 Source: BPI calculations using public information 
12 Source: Banco BPI, Banco de Portugal, Associação Portuguesa de Fundos de Investimento, Pensões e Patrimónios (APFIPP), Associação 
Portuguesa de Seguradores (APS) and BPI Vida e Pensões 
Commercial Banking 
BPI 
Financial Investments in 
African Banks: 
Activity in Portugal 
BPI Gestão de Ativos 
CaixaBank’s Group entities 
BPI Vida e Pensões 
Investment funds 
(35%) 
(48,1%) 
Retail and Premier 
Small Businesses 
Capitalisation insurance 
Life-risk 
BFA  
 
Angola 
Allianz Portugal  
CaixaBank Payments & Consumer 
Non-life insurance 
Private Banking and  
Wealth 
Debit and credit cards 
(35,7%) 
Business Banking 
Corporate & Institutional 
Banking  
Comercia Global Payments 
Corporate Center  
Financial Investments 
Equipment Renting 
Other financial 
investments, corporate 
costs and revenues 
Acquiring, POS terminals 
BCI 
 
Mozambique 
CaixaBank Equipment Finance 
CaixaBank’s branch in Portugal 
% of capital held by BPI
Corporate finance 
Brokerage and research

--- Page 154 ---
154 
On 30 June 2024, the physical distribution network comprised 308 business units, namely 265 retail 
branches, 9 Premier centres, 4 Private Banking and Wealth centres, 1 DayOne centre (for startups), and 
specialist branches and units serving corporate and institutional customers, including 22 Corporate and 
Institutional centres, 1 Real Estate business centre, and 6 Corporate and Institutional Banking centres. In 
addition, BPI has several other teams with high flexibility that serve customers remotely, namely: 9 inTouch 
centres (provide individual customers with a dedicated manager accessible by phone or digital channels, in 
extended hours), 1 AGE centre (remotely serves young customers, between 18 and 25 years old), 1 Connect 
centre (remotely serves customers with low commercial potential and involvement),1 Citizen centre (for 
foreign Clients) and 2 Intouch Corporate areas (for companies up to 10 M€ in sales). 
In addition to the physical network, BPI provides several virtual channels, which include homebanking (BPI 
Net and BPI Net Empresas), telephone banking (BPI Direto), mobile applications (Apps BPI), and a virtual, 
currently only informative, Branch launched in metaverse. BPI is the first Bank in Portugal to offer an 
immersive experience of presented banking services and contact with customers in the virtual world. With 
NOS (Portuguese Telecommunications Company), BPI also launched “Pulsoo”, an App based in 
Openbanking for small Businesses, that already received an award from Global Finance Magazine in “Top 
Innovator in Finance 2024 – Best SME App Providing Financial and Regulatory Solutions”. 
Among main banks in Portugal, in the individual customers’ segment, the Issuer maintains a strong presence 
in digital channels. In 1st half 2024, 37% of total sales of core13 products (individuals segment) were 
originated in digital channels. 
HISTORY  
BPI's origins date back to 1981 with the establishment of SPI – Sociedade Portuguesa de Investimentos, 
which had a diversified shareholder base, mainly composed of national companies, including 100 of the 
most dynamic Portuguese firms and four of the most important international financial institutions.  
In 1985 SPI underwent a transformation that gave rise to BPI, the first Portuguese private bank set up 
following the reopening of the sector to private initiative, after the nationalisations of 1975. In 1986, BPI 
became the first bank listed on the Portuguese stock exchange.  
 
 
13 Number of sales to individual customers in mutual funds/retirement savings products, prestige products, personal credit, credit cards and stand-
alone insurance.

--- Page 155 ---
155 
In 1991, ten years after its creation, BPI, which in the meantime had already achieved a clear leadership in 
the main areas of Investment Banking, expanded its business to commercial banking through the acquisition 
of Banco Fonsecas & Burnay (BFB).  
In 1995, the institution was converted into a bank holding company. This reorganisation, which led to the 
specialisation of the Group's units, was accompanied by an important reinforcement of its shareholder 
structure with the entry of two new strategic partners: La Caixa Group and Allianz Group. 
In 1996, BPI doubled in size with the acquisition of Banco de Fomento e Exterior (BFE) and Banco Borges 
& Irmão (BBI).  
Two years later, in 1998, Banco BPI was formed by the merger of the commercial–banks - BFB, BFE and 
BBI -, concentrating commercial banking activity in a single entity under a single brand. 
In 2022, BFA was created, in Angola, from the transformation’of BPI's Luanda branch into a fully-fledged 
Angolan-law bank. In 2008, 49.9% of BFA’s share capital was sold to Unitel S.A..  
In 2012, BPI implemented a Recapitalisation Plan that involved the issuance of €1.5 billion of contingent 
convertible subordinated bonds (“CoCos”) subscribed by the Portuguese State, aimed at fulfilling the 
recapitalisation exercise proposed by the EBA. In 2014, BPI fully reimbursed the CoCos, completing the 
reimbursement to the State three years ahead of schedule.  
In April 2016, CaixaBank, holding on that date 44.1 per cent of BPI's share capital, launched a public tender 
offer on all BPI’shares.  
In January 2017, BPI sold to Unitel, S.A. an equity interest representing 2 per cent. of BFA’s share capital 
reducing its stake to 48.1 per cent.. 
In February 2017, upon completion of the public tender offer, CaixaBank took over control of BPI, raising 
its stake up to 84.5 per cent.. BPI became part of one of the largest Iberian financial groups. 
In May 2018, CaixaBank acquired from Allianz the entire 8,4 per cent. stake held by the latter in BPI, after 
which it held 92.9 per cent. of BPI. 
In December 2018, following the compulsory acquisition of any remaining shares of the Issuer by 
CaixaBank, CaixaBank’s reached 100 per cent. of BPI’ share capital and BPI was de-listed.

--- Page 156 ---
156 
ESTABLISHMENT AND DOMICILE 
The Issuer is domiciled in Avenida da Boavista, 1117, 4100-129, Porto, Portugal. The telephone number of 
the Issuer is +351 22 2075000. 
LEGAL FORM 
The Issuer is registered as a bank with the Bank of Portugal and operates under the legal name of “Banco 
BPI, S.A.”. The Issuer also operates under the commercial name of “BPI”. It is a limited liability company 
(“sociedade anónima”) under Portuguese law registered for an indefinite term in the Commercial Register 
of Porto, under no. 501 214 534 as at 23 October 1981. 
LEGAL ENTITY IDENTIFIER 
The Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) code of the Issuer is 3DM5DPGI3W6OU6GJ4N92. 
ISSUER’S WEBSITE 
The Issuer’s website is www.bancobpi.pt. Unless specifically incorporated by reference into this Base 
Prospectus, information contained on the website does not form part of this Base Prospectus and has not 
been scrutinized or approved by the competent authority. 
OBJECT AND PURPOSE 
According to its constitutional documents (in particular to article 3 of the Issuer’s Memorandum and Articles 
of Association), the scope of the Issuer is to carry on banking business including any additional, related or 
similar operations compatible with the said business to the full extent permitted by law. The Issuer may also 
participate in partnership association agreements, complementary corporate conglomerates or European 
conglomerates of economic interest and may acquire, either originally or subsequently, shares or portions 
of capital in public limited companies and interests in unlimited liability companies of any object 
whatsoever and even if subject to special laws. 
SHAREHOLDER 
The Issuer’s sole shareholder as of 30 June 2024 was:

--- Page 157 ---
157 
Shareholder 
No. of shares held 
% of capital held 
CaixaBank, S.A. 
1 456 924 237 
100 per cent. 
Currently the Issuer has a set of internal procedures and regulations which define the functions of the 
Executive Committee of Board of Directors, of the Nominations, Evaluation and Remunerations 
Committee, of the Risk Committee, of the Audit and Internal Control Committee and of the Corporate Social 
Responsibility Committee. These internal procedures and rules comply with applicable laws and regulations 
in force and governance best practices, namely in what concerns transactions with related parties and these 
measures implemented by the Issuer are also thought to avoid the major shareholder position’s abuse. 
BUSINESS OVERVIEW OF THE ISSUER  
The Issuer’s business is focused on commercial banking in Portugal and is it organised around two main 
segments: (i) Individuals and businesses and (ii) Corporates and Institutions. 
Individuals and Small Businesses 
Individuals, Businesses, Premier and InTouch Banking is responsible for commercial initiatives with 
individual customers, entrepreneurs, and small businesses. The Branch network is geared towards mass-
market customers and small businesses. For the affluent customers – high net worth customers or customers 
with potential for wealth accumulation – the Issuer has a network of Financial Advisors working on Premier 
Centres or specific retail Branches, who provide specialised financial advisory services.  
In 2020, the Issuer opened its first InTouch Centre, offering a new commercial approach, where individual 
customers have at their disposal a dedicated Manager with whom they can communicate by telephone or by 
chat via BPI App, from anywhere and during extended hours.  
BPI's Private Banking area, made up of a team of experts in Portugal provides discretionary management 
and financial advice specialist services to high net worth individual customers.  
Corporates and Institutional Clients  
Through a specialised network, Corporate and Institutional Banking serves companies and institutional 
customers, namely Public Sector and state-controlled organisations. The network includes two Real Estate 
Business Centres, which are designed to offer a more focused support to customers, developers and builders, 
involved in large residential real estate projects.

--- Page 158 ---
158 
Corporate and Investment Banking, manages the relationship with the largest Portuguese corporate groups, 
insurance companies and subsidiaries of the largest Spanish companies. 
SHARE CAPITAL 
As of 30 June 2024, BPI's share capital amounted to €1,293,063,324.98 and was represented by 
1,456,924,237 ordinary shares with no nominal value (all issued shares are fully paid).

--- Page 159 ---
159 
 
SELECTED HISTORICAL KEY FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
The following tables contain selected key financial information for the period ended 30 June 2024 (limited review report on the condensed 
interim financial statements), 31 December 2023 and 2022 (audited).  
Condensed interim balance sheets as of 30 June 2024 and 31 December 2023 (Amounts expressed in thousand euros) 
Notes
  
 
30-06-2024
31-12-2023
ASSETS 
  
 
Cash, cash balances at central banks and other demand deposits 
8 
3.289.588
1.856.228
Financial assets held for trading  
9 
43.055
56.113
Non-trading financial assets mandatorily at fair value through profit or 
loss 
10 
53.068
55.466
Equity instruments 
53.020
55.419
Debt securities 
  
48
47
Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income
11
1.207.626
1.253.332
Equity instruments 
428.848
469.166
Debt securities 
778.778
784.166
Financial assets at amortised cost 
12 
35.012.620
34.540.701
Debt securities 
  
7.708.988
7.319.484
Loans and advances - Central Banks and other Credit Institutions
1.566.235
1.260.815
Loans and advances - Customers
  
25.737.397
25.960.402
Derivatives - Hedge accounting
13
2.833
2.554
Fair value changes of the hedged items in portfolio hedge of interest rate 
risk 
13 
-71.876
-68.581
Investments in subsidiaries, joint ventures and associates 
14 
216.563
220.740
Tangible assets 
15 
196.938
208.062
Intangible assets 
16 
103.248
105.534
Tax assets  
24 
168.056
170.496
Other assets  
17 
262.480
212.590
Non-current assets and disposal groups classified as held for sale 
18 
14.966
14.536
Total assets 
40.499.165
38.627.771
LIABILITIES 
  
 
Financial liabilities held for trading
9
48.918
58.115
Financial liabilities at amortised cost 
19 
35.738.489
33.705.352
Deposits - Credit Institutions
924.425
1.061.525
Deposits - Customers 
  
30.407.821
29.251.657
Debt securities issued 
4.128.436
3.106.221
    Memorandum items: subordinated liabilities
  
434.769
434.805

--- Page 160 ---
160 
Other financial liabilities 
277.807
285.949
Derivatives - Hedge accounting 
13 
4.577
5.262
Fair value changes of the hedged items in portfolio hedge of interest rate 
risk
13 
-23.600
-29.375
Provisions 
20 
37.337
39.907
Pending legal issues and tax litigation
25.104
26.253
Commitments and guarantees given
  
10.371
11.757
Other provisions 
1.862
1.897
Tax liabilities  
24 
344.761
210.880
Other liabilities  
21 
575.385
662.902
Total Liabilities 
  
36.725.867
34.653.043
SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY 
  
 
Capital 
23 
1.293.063
1.293.063
Equity instruments issued other than capital 
23 
275.000
275.000
Accumulated other comprehensive income 
23 
-434.194
-431.112
Items that will not be reclassified to profit and loss
  
-364.665
-361.220
Tangible assets 
  
703
703
Actuarial gains or (-) losses on defined benefit pension plans
-252.747
-289.863
Share of other recognised income and expense of investments in 
subsidiaries, joint ventures and associates
-90
-36
Fair value changes of equity instruments measured at fair value through 
other comprehensive income
  
-112.531
-72.024
Items that may be reclassified to profit and loss
-69.529
-69.892
Foreign currency translation
  
-32.759
-37.732
Fair value changes of debt instruments measured at fair value through 
other comprehensive income
  
-36.180
-30.902
Share of other recognised income and expense of investments in 
subsidiaries, joint ventures and associates
-590
-1.258
Retained earnings 
23 
2.265.699
2.279.248
Other reserves  
23
46.901
34.556
Profit or loss attributable to owners of the parent 
  
326.829
523.973
Total Equity 
3.773.298
3.974.728
Total Equity and Total Liabilities 
  
40.499.165
38.627.771
 
Condensed interim statements of profit or loss for the periods ended on 30 June 2024 and 31 December 2023 (Amounts expressed in 
thousand euros) 
  
  
30-06-2024
31-12-2023
Interest income 
26 
852064
625252
Interest expense 
26 
-360413
-186635

--- Page 161 ---
161 
NET INTEREST INCOME 
491651
438617
Dividend income 
27 
53475
74519
Share of the profit or (-) loss of investments in subsidiaries, joint ventures and associates accounted 
for using the equity method 
14 
28724
27816
Fee and commission income 
28 
182501
161212
Fee and commission expenses 
28
-14569
-14248
Gains or (-) losses on derecognition of financial assets & liabilities not measured at fair value 
through profit or loss, net 
29 
177
3
Gains or (-) losses on financial assets and liabilities held for trading, net
29 
3172
5840
Gains or (-) losses on non-trading financial assets mandatorily at fair value through profit or loss, net
29 
-1796
-1492
Gains or (-) losses from hedge accounting, net
29 
7506
3575
Exchange differences [gain or (-) loss], net
29 
6029
-33960
Other operating income  
30 
13332
8049
Other operating expenses 
30 
-40991
-56041
GROSS INCOME 
  
729211
613890
Administrative expenses 
  
-241775
-215993
Staff expenses 
31 
-147645
-122759
Other administrative expenses
32 
-94130
-93234
Depreciation 
-31450
-34543
Provisions or (-) reversal of provisions 
20 
1400
-2076
Commitments and guarantees given
1386
-167
Other provisions 
14
-1909
Impairment or (-) reversal of impairment on financial assets not measured at fair value 
through profit or loss 
33 
-5886
-36896
Financial assets at amortised cost
  
-5886
-36896
Impairment or (-) reversal of impairment of investments in subsidiaries, joint ventures and associates
14 
0
-1568
Gains or (-) losses on derecognition of investments in subsidiaries, joint ventures and associates, net 
34 
0
10225
Gains or (-) losses on derecognition of non-financial assets, net
  
1204
108
Profit or (-) loss from non-current assets and disposal groups classified as held for sale not 
qualifying as discontinued operations
  
838
2102
Profit or (-) loss before tax from continuing operations 
  
453542
335249
Tax expenses or (-) income related to profit or loss from continuing operations
24 
-126713
-79068
PROFIT OR (-) LOSS AFTER TAX FROM CONTINUING OPERATIONS
326829
256181
PROFIT OR (-) LOSS FOR THE YEAR 
  
326829
256181
PROFIT OR (-) LOSS FOR THE YEAR ATTRIBUTABLE TO OWNERS OF THE PARENT
36
326829
256181

--- Page 162 ---
162 
Balance sheets as of 31 December 2023 and 2022 (Amounts expressed in thousand euros) 
 
  
Notes
Consolidated
 
  
31-12-2023
31-12-2022 Restated1  
ASSETS 
  
   
Cash, cash balances at central banks and other demand deposits
8 
1.856.228
2.465.722  
Financial assets held for trading  
9 
56.113
96.071  
Non-trading financial assets mandatorily at fair value through profit or loss
10 
55.466
73.509  
Equity instruments 
  
55.419
67.806  
Debt securities 
  
47
5.703  
Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income 
11 
1.253.332
1.443.572  
Equity instruments 
  
469.166
490.133  
Debt securities 
  
784.166
953.439  
Financial assets at amortised cost 
12 
34.540.701
33.752.722  
Debt securities 
  
7.319.484
7.466.754  
Loans and advances - Central Banks and other Credit Institutions
  
1.260.815
819.149  
Loans and advances - Customers
  
25.960.402
25.466.819  
Derivatives - Hedge accounting 
13 
2.554
35.726  
Fair value changes of the hedged items in portfolio hedge of interest rate risk 
13 
-68.581
-111.400  
Investments in subsidiaries, joint ventures and associates 
14 
220.740
277.626  
Tangible assets 
15 
208.062
198.215  
Intangible assets 
16 
105.534
108.393  
Tax assets  
24 
170.496
183.731  
Other assets  
17 
212.590
363.328  
Non-current assets and disposal groups classified as held for sale 
18 
14.536
26.385  
Total assets 
  
38.627.771
38.913.600  
LIABILITIES 
  
   
Financial liabilities held for trading 
9 
58.115
87.113  
Financial liabilities at amortised cost 
19 
33.705.352
34.435.882  
Deposits - Central Banks
  
0
436.633  
Deposits - Credit Institutions
  
1.061.525
1.057.050  
Deposits - Customers
  
29.251.657
30.326.287  
Debt securities issued
  
3.106.221
2.339.450  
    Memorandum items: subordinated liabilities
  
434.805
431.285  
Other financial liabilities 
  
285.949
276.462  
Derivatives - Hedge accounting
13 
5.262
21.909  
Fair value changes of the hedged items in portfolio hedge of interest rate risk 
13 
-29.375
-151.089  
Provisions 
20 
39.907
49.079  
Pending legal issues and tax litigation
  
26.253
24.162  
Commitments and guarantees given
  
11.757
12.399  
Other provisions 
  
1.897
12.518

--- Page 163 ---
163 
Tax liabilities  
24 
210.880
125.068  
Other liabilities  
21 
662.902
470.361  
Liabilities included in disposal groups classified as held for sale 
18 
0
1.655  
Total Liabilities 
  
34.653.043
35.039.978  
SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY 
  
   
Capital 
23 
1.293.063
1.293.063  
Equity instruments issued other than capital
23 
275.000
275.000  
Accumulated other comprehensive income 
23 
-431.112
-309.028  
Items that will not be reclassified to profit and loss
  
-361.220
-205.850  
Tangible assets 
  
703
703  
Actuarial gains or (-) losses on defined benefit pension plans
  
-289.863
-187.494  
Non-current assets and disposal groups classified as held for sale
  
0
0  
Share of other recognised income and expense of investments in subsidiaries, joint 
ventures and associates 
  
-36
134  
Fair value changes of equity instruments measured at fair value through other 
comprehensive income 
  
-72.024
-19.193  
Items that may be reclassified to profit and loss
  
-69.892
-103.178  
Foreign currency translation
  
-37.732
-29.895  
Fair value changes of debt instruments measured at fair value through other 
comprehensive income 
  
-30.902
-66.832  
Non-current assets and disposal groups classified as held for sale
  
0
0  
Share of other recognised income and expense of investments in subsidiaries, joint 
ventures and associates 
  
-1.258
-6.451  
Retained earnings 
23 
2.279.248
2.161.163  
Other reserves  
23 
34.556
84.541  
Profit or loss attributable to owners of the parent 
  
523.973
368.883  
Total Equity 
  
3.974.728
3.873.622  
Total Equity and Total Liabilities 
  
38.627.771
38.913.600  
1 Corresponds to the consolidated balance sheet at 31 December 2022 restated for first-time application of IFRS 17 and IFRS 9 by Companhia de Seguros Allianz Portugal, 
S.A., an associated company of BPI (Note 1.4).
 
 
 
Statements of profit or loss for the years ended on 31 December 2023 and 2022 (Amounts expressed in thousand euros) 
 
Notes 
Consolidated 
  
31-12-2023
31-12-2022 Restated1 
Interest income 
26 
1445764
656697 
Interest expense 
26 
-496830
-97303 
NET INTEREST INCOME
948934
559394 
Dividend income 
27 
74538
91489

--- Page 164 ---
164 
Share of the profit or (-) loss of investments in subsidiaries, joint ventures and associates accounted for using 
the equity method 
14 
60597
71184 
Fee and commission income 
28 
320026
323304 
Fee and commission expenses
28 
-28580
-27560 
Gains or (-) losses on derecognition of financial assets & liabilities not measured at fair value through profit 
or loss, net 
29 
-7197
740 
Gains or (-) losses on financial assets and liabilities held for trading, net
29 
6832
14843 
Gains or (-) losses on non-trading financial assets mandatorily at fair value through profit or loss, net
29 
-417
-3051 
Gains or (-) losses from hedge accounting, net
29
9003
-3021 
Exchange differences [gain or (-) loss], net
29 
-29495
28147 
Other operating income  
30 
18333
28132 
Other operating expenses 
30 
-104109
-75834 
GROSS INCOME 
  
1268465
1007767 
Administrative expenses 
-452854
-399261 
Staff expenses 
31 
-283379
-259577 
Other administrative expenses
32 
-169475
-139684 
Depreciation 
-73336
-67544 
Provisions or (-) reversal of provisions
20
-2448
-9893 
Commitments and guarantees given
642
5694 
Other provisions 
-3090
-15587 
Impairment or (-) reversal of impairment on financial assets not measured at fair value through profit 
or loss 
33 
-51722
-66334 
Financial assets at amortised cost
  
-51722
-66334 
Impairment or (-) reversal of impairment of investments in subsidiaries, joint ventures and associates
14
-1568
0 
Impairment or (-) reversal of impairment on non-financial assets
0
0
904 
Gains or (-) losses on derecognition of investments in subsidiaries, joint ventures and associates, net
34 
8454
39 
Gains or (-) losses on derecognition of non-financial assets, net
  
-1395
-773 
Profit or (-) loss from non-current assets and disposal groups classified as held for sale not qualifying as 
discontinued operations 
  
1770
-283 
Profit or (-) loss before tax from continuing operations 
  
695366
464622 
Tax expenses or (-) income related to profit or loss from continuing operations
24
-171393
-95739 
PROFIT OR (-) LOSS AFTER TAX FROM CONTINUING OPERATIONS 
523973
368883 
PROFIT OR (-) LOSS FOR THE YEAR 
  
523973
368883 
PROFIT OR (-) LOSS FOR THE YEAR ATTRIBUTABLE TO OWNERS OF THE PARENT 
36 
523973
368883 
1 Corresponds to the consolidated income statement at 31 December 2022 restated for first-time application of IFRS 17 and IFRS 9 by Companhia de Seguros Allianz Portugal, 
S.A., an associated company of BPI (Note 1.4).

--- Page 165 ---
165 
 
The auditor’s reports on the consolidated financial statements of the Issuer for the years ended on 31 
December 2022 and on 31 December 2023 did not include any reserves. 
Please refer to the complete versions of the auditor’s reports included in the annual reports of the Issuer, 
together with the respective financial statements, which are incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus. 
INVESTMENTS 
There have been no material investments by the Issuer since 30 June 2024. 
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE  
The Issuer's governance model is structured in compliance with the Portuguese Companies Code as follows:  
• 
the company's management is entrusted to the Board of Directors which includes an Executive 
Committee to which the Board has delegated wide management powers for conducting the day-to-
day activity. Within the ambit of the Board of Directors, two specialist commissions function, 
composed exclusively of non-executive members: (i) the Risk Committee and (ii) the Nominations, 
Evaluation and Remuneration Committee. In September 2017, as foreseen in the corporate statues a 
Corporate Social Responsibility Committee was created.  
• 
the oversight functions are attributed to the Audit Committee (“Comissão de Auditoria”) – whose key 
terms of reference include supervising the management of the company, ensuring compliance with 
the legal and regulatory provisions, the statutes and provisions issued by the supervisory authorities, 
as well as general policies, provisions and practices adopted internally, setting the terms of its 
coordination with the Risk Committee, including the work to be developed and the report to be carried 
out by the latter, with a view to assisting the performance of the Audit Committee's functions, 
following up on the situation and the evolution of all risks to which the Bank is subject, relying, for 
this purpose, on the assistance of the Risk Committee and any related work, analyses and 
recommendations that this Committee presents to the Audit Committee, verifying the adequacy of 
and supervising compliance with the policies, criteria and accounting practices adopted and any 
supporting documents in accordance with accounting standards, supervising the statutory audit of 
accounts, issuing an opinion on the report, accounts and proposals presented by the Board of 
Directors, supervising the process of preparing and disclosing financial information, supervising the 
effectiveness of the internal control, internal assessing and supervising the Statutory Auditor's 
independence, particularly when he or she provides additional services to the company, receiving

--- Page 166 ---
166 
communications concerning any irregularities occurring within the company and submitted by 
shareholders, employees or others and fulfilling any other duties assigned to it by law. 
• 
the General Shareholders’ Meeting, composed of all the shareholders of the Issuer, deliberates on the 
issues which are specifically attributed to it by the law or by the Articles of Association – including 
the election of the governing bodies, the approval of the directors' reports, the annual accounts, the 
distribution of profits, and capital increases –, as well as if so solicited by the Board of Directors, on 
matters dealing with the company's management. 
• 
the Company Secretary is appointed by the Board of Directors and performs the functions 
contemplated in the law and others attributed pursuant to the Articles of Association of the Issuer. 
MANAGEMENT 
The following is an updated list of the members of the Board of Directors (term of office 2023-2025). The 
business address of each of the below-mentioned members of the Board of Directors is Banco BPI, S.A., 
Avenida da Boavista no 1117, 4100-129 Porto, Portugal. 
Board of Directors14: 
Chairman: 
Fernando Ulrich 
Vice-Chairman: 
Cristina Rios Amorim 
Chief Executive Officer: 
João Pedro Oliveira e Costa 
Members: 
 
Executive member 
Afonso Fuzeta Eça  
Executive member 
Ana Rosas Oliveira  
Non-executive member 
António Lobo Xavier  
Executive member 
Diogo Sousa Louro 
Non-executive member 
Fátima Barros  
Executive member 
Francisco Artur Matos  
Non-executive member 
Gonzalo Gortázar Rotaeche 
Non-executive member 
Inês Valadas  
Non-executive member 
Javier Pano  
Non-executive member 
Joana Freitas 
 
 
14 Note: the requests for registration of the appointment by co-optation of the Directors Afonso Fuzeta Eça, Ana Rosas Oliveira and 
Inês Valadas, were presented at the Commercial Registry Office and are still pending.

--- Page 167 ---
167 
Non-executive member 
Natividad Capella 
Executive member 
Susana Trigo Cabral 
 
Relevant activities outside BPI Group  
Name 
Position 
Companies 
Fernando Ulrich 
Non-Executive Director 
CaixaBank, S.A. 
Cristina Rios Amorim 
Non-Executive Chairman 
Amorim 
Investimentos 
e 
Participações, SGPS, S.A. 
 
Non-Executive Director 
Amorim, Sociedade Gestora 
de Participações, S.A. 
 
Executive Director and CFO 
Corticeira Amorim, SGPS, 
S.A. 
 
Member of the Board (Non-
Executive) 
BCSD Portugal – 
Conselho Empresarial para o 
Desenvolvimento 
Sustentável 
 
Member of the Board (Non-
Executive) 
AEM 
– 
Associação 
de 
Empresas 
Emitentes 
de 
Valores Cotados em Mercado 
(representing 
Corticeira 
Amorim SGPS, S.A) 
João Pedro Oliveira e Costa 
Not applicable (1) 
Not applicable (1) 
Afonso Fuzeta Eça  
Not applicable (1)  
Not applicable (1)  
Ana Rosas Oliveira  
Not applicable (1) 
Not applicable (1) 
António Lobo Xavier  
Non-Executive Director 
NOS, SGPS, S.A. 
 
President of the General and 
Supervisory Board 
EDP-Energias de Portugal, 
S.A.  
 
Non-Executive Director 
BA Glass, Serviços de Gestão 
e Investimento, S.A. 
 
President of General Meeting 
of Shareholders 
Têxtil Manuel Gonçalves, 
S.A.

--- Page 168 ---
168 
 
President of General Meeting 
of Shareholders 
Mysticinvest – Holding S.A. 
 
Member of Advisory Council 
 
Council of State Presidency 
of Portuguese Republic 
 
Member of “Conselho de 
Curadores” 
Fundação 
Belmiro 
de 
Azevedo 
 
Member of “Conselho de 
Curadores” 
Fundação Francisco Manuel 
dos Santos 
 
Non-Executive 
Vice-
Chairman 
Sogrape, SGPS, S.A. 
Diogo Sousa Louro 
Not applicable (1) 
Not applicable (1) 
Fátima Barros 
Non-Executive Director 
Fundação Francisco Manuel 
dos Santos 
 
Non-Executive Director 
Brisa Concessão Rodoviária, 
S.A. 
 
Non-Executive Supervisory 
Board Member 
Warta, Retail & Services 
Investments, B.V. 
Francisco Artur Matos 
Not applicable (1) 
Not applicable (1) 
Gonzalo Gortázar 
Chief Executive Officer  
CaixaBank, S.A. 
 
Non-Executive Chairman 
CaixaBank 
Payments 
& 
Consumer, EFC, S.A. 
Maria Inês Valadas 
Executive Director 
Vodafone 
Portugal 
- 
Comunicações Pessoais, S.A. 
Javier Pano 
Chief Financial Officer  
CaixaBank, S.A.  
 
Non-Executive 
Vice-
Chairman 
Cecabank, S.A. 
Joana Freitas 
Non-Executive Director 
EDA - Electricidade dos 
Açores, S.A. 
 
Executive Director 
EDP - Gestão da Produção de 
Energia, S.A. 
 
Chairman of the Generation 
and Environment Committee 
Eurelectric - Federation of the 
European Electricity Industry

--- Page 169 ---
169 
 
Member of the Board (Non-
Executive) 
International 
Hydropower 
Association 
Natividad Capella 
Head of Corporate Risk 
Management 
Function 
& 
Planning 
CaixaBank, S.A. 
 
Non-Executive Director 
Vida Caixa, S.A.U. 
 
Non-Executive Director 
CaixaBank 
Wealth 
Management 
Luxembourg, 
S.A. 
Susana Trigo Cabral 
Non-Executive Director 
VidaCaixa S. A. U. Sociedad 
Unipersonal.  
Notes: (1) “Not applicable” means no activities outside the BPI Group. 
CONFLICTS OF INTEREST 
The Issuer is not aware of any potential conflicts of interests between any duties to the Issuer by any of the 
members of either the Board of Directors or the Executive Committee of the Board of Directors in respect 
of their private interests and/or other duties. 
AUDIT COMMITTEE 
The Audit Committee performs the functions attributed to it by law, the Articles of Association and the 
Issuer's internal regulations. 
The following is an updated list of the members of the Audit Committee (term of office 2023-2025): 
Chairman: 
Fátima Barros 
Members: 
António Lobo Xavier 
 
Inês Valadas  
 
Joana Freitas  
Natividad Capella 
Relevant activities of the members of the Audit Committee outside BPI Group  
Please see table above concerning the Board of Directors. 
The composition of the Audit Committee is deliberated upon by the General Shareholders’ Meeting of the 
Issuer. The Audit Committee exercises its function for terms of three years.

--- Page 170 ---
170 
Besides any other competence set out in law or in the Bank's articles of association, the Audit Committee 
is responsible for: 
• 
supervising the management of the company; 
• 
ensuring compliance with the legal and regulatory provisions, the statutes and provisions issued by 
the supervisory authorities, as well as general policies, provisions and practices adopted internally; 
• 
setting the terms of its coordination with the Risk Committee, including the work to be developed 
and the report to be carried out by the latter, with a view to assisting the performance of the Audit 
Committee's functions; 
• 
following up on the situation and the evolution of all risks to which the Bank is subject, relying, for 
this purpose, on the assistance of the Risk Committee and any related work, analyses and 
recommendations that this Committee presents to the Audit Committee; 
• 
verifying the adequacy of and supervising compliance with the policies, criteria and accounting 
practices adopted and any supporting documents in accordance with accounting standards; 
• 
supervising the statutory audit of accounts; 
• 
issuing an opinion on the report, accounts and proposals presented by the Board of Directors; 
• 
supervising the process of preparing and disclosing financial and non-financial information, 
particularly in matters of sustainability; 
• 
supervising the effectiveness of the internal control, internal audit and risk management systems; 
• 
assessing and supervising the Statutory Auditor's independence, particularly when he or she provides 
additional services to the company; 
• 
receiving communications concerning any irregularities occurring within the company and submitted 
by shareholders, employees or others; 
• 
and fulfilling any other duties assigned to it by law. 
The Audit Committee meets every month with exception of August. 
The Issuer is not aware of any potential conflicts of interest between any duties vis-à-vis the Issuer of the 
members of the Audit Committee and their private interests or other duties.

--- Page 171 ---
171 
STATUTORY AUDITOR 
The term of office of the Statutory Auditor (“Revisor Oficial de Contas”) is of four years. CaixaBank as the 
sole shareholder elected on 15 April 2021 PricewaterhouseCoopers, SROC, S.A. as the Statutory Auditor 
for the period of 2021-2024. 
PricewaterhouseCoopers, SROC, S.A., member of the Portuguese Association of the Chartered Accountants 
(“Ordem dos Revisores Oficiais de Contas”) with number 183, with registered office at Palácio Sottomayor, 
Rua Sousa Martins, 1-3rd, 1069-316 Lisbon, has designated José Manuel Henriques Bernardo and Cláudia 
Sofia Parente Gonçalves da Palma, to represent it for the period beginning in January 2021, who are also 
members of the Portuguese Association of the Chartered Accountants.  
The alternate member is Ana Maria Ávila de Oliveira Lopes Bertão.  
There are no potential conflicts of interest between the duties to the Bank of the persons listed above and 
their private interest or duties.

--- Page 172 ---
172 
THE ORIGINATOR'S STANDARD BUSINESS PRACTICES, CREDIT ASSESSMENT 
AND SERVICING OF THE COVER POOL 
OVERVIEW  
Public sector credit is originated at BPI by the institutional clients units based in Oporto, Lisbon, and the 
Autonomous Regions of the Azores and Madeira, the latter also responsible for corporate loans in these 
geographies. Credit to the Autonomous Regions of the Azores and Madeira is originated by the referred 
regional institutional clients units. The institutional clients units are specialised departments integrated, in 
the case of the cities of Oporto (North of Continental Portugal) and Lisbon (South), in the Corporate & 
Institutional Banking Department and, in the case of the Islands, in the South and Islands Corporate 
Department. These units are mainly dedicated to public sector entities, i.e., entities owned or controlled, 
directly or indirectly, by the Portuguese State, also comprising the main not-for-profit social economy 
institutions.  
The procedures for credit origination, monitoring and recovery defined for corporate credit are also 
applicable to credit to public sector entities. The Corporate and Institutional Departments are under the 
supervision of the member of BPI’s Executive Board responsible for the global corporate business. 
As at 31 December 2023, BPI’s public sector loan portfolio amounted to €2.3 billion, including central 
administration, regional and local administrations, the state corporate sector, and other institutional entities. 
ORIGINATION, RISK ASSESSMENT AND DECISION-MAKING  
The four institutional units, which account for 18 professionals, including 4 managers (the remainder being 
Account Executives), are focused on municipalities, municipal companies, and the social economy sector 
(essentially including not-for-profit entities). State-owned companies are also covered by these units, 
according to their geographical location. 
Credit proposals are originated through BPI’s direct contact with municipalities and state-owned companies. 
By law, to meet their funding requirements, municipalities are required to adopt a competitive tender process 
with the consultation of, at least, three banks (presently, loans from the European Investment Bank are 
exempted from this requirement). A similar procedure is adopted by state-owned companies. All public 
sector entities are subject to strict indebtedness controls and procedures which are defined in the relevant 
legislation. 
As for BPI’s Corporate Banking, the “four eyes” principle is also adopted for public sector operations and 
risk assessment is carried out independently by a specialised unit of the Credit Risk Department dedicated

--- Page 173 ---
173 
to the public sector. Credit policy, guidelines and procedures adopted for the public sector and for the whole 
corporate sector of BPI are defined in the same key document. A fully documented credit review is made 
for each lending proposal.  
The rules of procedure and the limits for decision-making applied by BPI for public sector operations are 
also defined in accordance with the guidelines established for corporate operations. These set out five 
decision-making levels based on the level of exposure. 
BPI has defined internal objectives and limits for global exposure to the Portuguese public sector, in the 
context of its risk appetite framework, which are reviewed on a regular basis. 
OPERATIONS AND SERVICING 
BPI’s Operations Department manages all credit transactions. It executes all tasks related to credit 
transactions, commercial leasing, factoring, guarantees, financial capacity certificates, and the issuance of 
letters of credit. 
Servicing procedures include: 
- 
Execution and control of all the loan transactions, foreign exchange credit operations and advances 
on export receivables, including registration and management of associated guarantees and subsidies from 
external entities. 
- 
Contract issuance based on drafts prepared by the Legal Department for all operations as well as 
any further amendments and renewal of conditions.  
- 
Maintenance of permanent contact with relevant internal departments and with external entities such 
as Banco de Portugal, credit insurance companies, and other entities. 
Through the lifetime of each credit operation, BPI’s systems issue payment notices which are mailed to 
borrowers 20 days prior to the respective payment day. Payments are made by automatic debit of the 
borrower’s cash deposit account. 
If a borrower has more than one unpaid instalment with respect to the same or a different credit transaction, 
the rule is to collect the older instalment first. 
When there is a prepayment, BPI debits the cash deposit account of the customer, usually together with a 
prepayment fee to compensate BPI for its internal costs, and, in the case of fixed rate loans, breakage costs.

--- Page 174 ---
174 
MONITORING 
Credit Department (“DCR”) is responsible for monitoring the Corporate and Institutional Banking credit 
portfolio for the purpose of timely detection of any default situations and allowing for the adoption of 
adequate measures to prevent default, such as the enforcement of guarantees and debt restructuring.  
The DCR’s monitoring functions are mainly focused on non-technical default cases that cannot be settled 
by the commercial departments in the short term (usually up to 30 days). However, when deemed suitable, 
DCR’s intervention may occur sooner and even in situations where there is still no financial default. 
If, in spite of the monitoring process, the overdue credit situation is not settled within 60 days, DCR will 
draw up an action proposal to be submitted to the Credit Committee. Based on the action proposal, the 
Credit Committee may decide to maintain the customer management and monitoring with the Commercial 
Department or transfer it to the Recovery Department (“DREC”). 
Monitoring Tools: 
Monitoring action is based on several tools such as: rating system (in what concerns Public Sector Credit, 
for Municipalities only – a simple expert system that may possibly be revised soon) an alert system, internal 
and external databases, intervention at the Commercial Department level and, finally, intervention at 
customer level. 
In addition, the Commercial Department and DCR conduct regular reviews of all exposures, at least on an 
annual basis, and maintain a watch list, reported on a quarterly basis, of the weaker counterparts assessed 
on a stand-alone basis. 
RECOVERIES 
Loans in arrears are handled by DREC, which is responsible for the monitoring and surveillance of both 
corporate loans and public sector credit.  
DREC is also responsible for credit recovery by non-judicial means, handling the relationship with 
customers that are put under its supervision and, therefore, benefiting from the same supporting instruments 
for relations with customer companies as the commercial departments.  
DREC’s intervention is based on a negotiation process that may require the restructuring of the credit in 
arrears, preferably via enforcement of guarantees. Although these are normally delicate negotiations, DREC 
aims for swiftness of recovery, which should be achieved within less than 150 days from when the arrears 
were originally registered.

--- Page 175 ---
175 
Notwithstanding the available instruments, when the settlement of a default situation proves impossible and 
all forms of recovery by non-judicial means are exhausted, the case is sent to the Litigation team, where the 
recovery of overdue credit is made via judicial means. 
The Litigation team is part of the Legal Department and is responsible for the judicial recovery of debt. It 
represents BPI in all legal actions in which the Bank is involved.  
The Litigation team is also responsible for analysing proposals for extra-judicial agreements presented by 
debtors and deciding whether to accept such proposals or to submit an opinion to the Credit Department for 
a final decision on the actions to be taken and/or prepare write-off proposals.

--- Page 176 ---
176 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds resulting from each issue of Public Sector Covered Bonds will be applied by the Issuer for 
its general corporate purposes. If, in respect of any particular issue there is a particular identified use of 
proceeds, this will be stated in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 177 ---
177 
THE LEGAL REGIME OF PUBLIC SECTOR COVERED BONDS 
FRAMEWORK 
The Legal Regime of Public Sector Covered Bonds introduced a framework for the issuance of public sector 
debt securities into Portuguese law. The Public Sector Covered Bonds to be issued under this Base 
Prospectus will be labelled as “European Covered Bond (Premium)”, as set out in Article 42(2) of the Legal 
Regime of Public Sector Covered Bonds provided that the Public Sector Covered Bonds are in compliance 
with the Legal Regime of Public Sector Covered Bonds and the CRR. 
As such, the Cover Pool will only be comprised of assets listed in Article 129(1) of the CRR (and provided 
that the requirements under paragraphs 1a to 3b of Article 129 of the CRR are met). 
On 6 May 2022, Decree-Law no. 31/2022, of 6 May, approving the new Legal Regime of Public Sector 
Covered Bonds and transposing the CBD, was published in the Portuguese Official Gazette and which was 
supplemented by the CMVM Regulation. 
In accordance with the transitional provisions of Decree-Law no. 31/2022, of 6 May, BPI as issuer of public 
sector covered bonds, applied to the CMVM, as supervisory authority, for the conversion of its public sector 
covered bonds programme, under the previous Public Sector Covered Bonds Law, into a public sector 
covered bonds programme compliant with the Legal Regime of Public Sector Covered Bonds. The CMVM 
has authorised such conversion and, as such all outstanding public sector covered bonds of BPI issued under 
the previous Public Sector Covered Bonds Law are now subject to the Legal Regime of Public Sector 
Covered Bonds. 
Pursuant to Article 44 of the Legal Regime of Public Sector Covered Bonds, the CMVM may issue 
regulations with regard to covered bonds. On 28 July 2023, the CMVM Regulation was published in the 
Portuguese Official Gazette. The CMVM Regulation focuses only on those aspects that are directly subject 
to the Legal Regime of Public Sector Covered Bonds, namely, (i) the instructive/ancillary elements for the 
purpose of authorising covered bond programmes; (ii) the criteria for legal, contractual or voluntary 
overcollateralisation; (iii) the issuer’s information duties towards the CMVM; (iv) the document 
preservation duties related to the programmes; (v) the common representative’s right of access to 
information about the cover pool; (vi) the means of sending and disclosing information relating to covered 
bond programmes; (vii) the procedures for the replacement of the programme’s credit manager; and (viii) 
the fee due and payable for the authorisation of covered bond programmes.

--- Page 178 ---
178 
ISSUERS OF PUBLIC SECTOR COVERED BONDS 
Public sector covered bonds may only be issued by credit institutions (the “Credit Institutions”).  
COVER ASSETS 
The Legal Regime of Public Sector Covered Bonds sets out the type of assets that are eligible to collateralise 
issues of public sector covered bonds made by a Credit Institution. For further information regarding the 
eligible types of assets, please see the section “Issuer Required to Maintain Cover Pool” in the chapter 
entitled “Characteristics of the Cover Pool”. 
Hedging Contracts may also be included in the cover pool for hedging purposes provided they meet certain 
legal requirements established in the Legal Regime of Public Sector Covered Bonds and in Article 129 of 
the CRR.  
The Legal Regime of Public Sector Covered Bonds contains certain rules governing the limits and 
conditions for the use of these hedging contracts. The evaluation rules of the Hedging Contracts are 
established in Article 4(e) of the CMVM Regulation. For further details on the abovementioned 
requirements, see the section “Hedging Contracts” in the chapter entitled “Characteristics of the Cover 
Pool”. 
The cover pool is of a dynamic nature. Accordingly, the Credit Institution may be required, or may otherwise 
decide, to include new assets in such cover pool or substitute assets in case the existing ones no longer 
comply with the applicable financial and prudential requirements. 
Furthermore, a Credit Institution is required by the Legal Regime of Public Sector Covered Bonds to 
maintain a register, in segregated accounts of the Credit Institution, of all the assets comprised in the cover 
pool, including hedging contracts. 
ASSET-LIABILITY MANAGEMENT AND FINANCIAL REQUIREMENTS 
The Legal Regime of Public Sector Covered Bonds establishes, as a nominal principle coverage 
requirement, that the calculation of the coverage requirement shall be made in accordance with the nominal 
principle and ensures that the total aggregate principal amount of all cover assets is at least equal to or 
greater than the aggregate principal amount of the unpaid public sector covered bonds (i.e., 100 per cent. 
coverage of the liabilities shall be fully secured by cover assets).

--- Page 179 ---
179 
For the purposes of the calculation of the level of the coverage requirement, as well as of the remaining 
financial and prudential requirements, the liabilities of the public sector covered bonds shall include, 
namely: 
(a) 
the obligations for payment of the principal amount of issued public sector covered bonds; 
(b) 
the obligations for payment of any interest arising from the outstanding public sector covered bonds;  
(c) 
the payment obligations arising from derivative contracts comprised in the cover pool; and 
(d) 
the expected costs related to maintenance and administration for the liquidation of the relevant 
programme. 
If the relevant public sector covered bonds are denominated in any currency other than euro, the Credit 
Institution must use the exchange rates published by the ECB as a reference. 
Should a breach of the homogeneity, coverage or liquidity of the Cover Pool occur, as foreseen in Article 
20 of the Legal Regime of Public Sector Covered Bonds,, the Issuer is required, immediately after becoming 
aware thereof, to take all possible steps to remedy such breach by (i) allocating new primary or substitution 
assets, with or without replacing any assets already attached to the public sector covered bonds, (ii) 
amortising outstanding public sector covered bonds in the sufficient amount to remedy the breach and/or 
(iii) allocating new liquid assets to the liquidity buffer. 
Public sector credits that become delinquent after being allocated to the cover pool may still remain in such 
cover pool provided that the delinquency period is not equal to or higher than 90 days, in which case such 
public sector credits must be removed from the cover pool by the Credit Institution and, if necessary to 
comply with the prudential requirements established in the Legal Regime of Public Sector Covered Bonds, 
substituted by new primary or substitution assets.  
Public sector credits underlying public sector covered bonds may only be sold or encumbered if the Credit 
Institution allocates sufficient new primary or substitution assets to maintain compliance with the financial 
and prudential requirements set forth in the Legal Regime of Public Sector Covered Bonds. 
SEGREGATION OF COVER ASSETS AND INSOLVENCY REMOTENESS 
Asset segregation  
The cover assets and hedging contracts allocated by the Credit Institution to the issues of public sector 
covered bonds, including liquidity buffer assets, interest revenue, repayments, and collateral relating to

--- Page 180 ---
180 
derivate contracts, will permanently remain and be registered in segregated accounts of the Credit 
Institution. 
For further information, please refer to the chapters entitled “Characteristics of the Cover Pool” and 
“Insolvency of the Issuer” above. 
Preferential status for public sector covered bonds holders 
Pursuant to the Legal Regime of Public Sector Covered Bonds, holders of public sector covered bonds 
benefit from a special creditor privilege (privilégio creditório especial) over the assets assigned to the issue, 
with precedence over any other creditors, for the purpose of redemption of principal and receipt of interest 
corresponding to the relevant public sector covered bonds. 
The public sector credits rights that serve as collateral for the entitlements of the holders of public sector 
covered bonds prevail over any preferential claims.  
The hedging contracts entered into by the Credit Institution also form part of the cover pool and thus the 
relevant counterparties will also benefit from the special creditor privilege (privilégio creditório especial) 
over such cover pool. Accordingly, these counterparties will have similar rights to those of the holders of 
the public sector covered bonds and, consequently, their contracts are not expected to be called in case of 
insolvency of the Credit Institution. 
In particular, the holders of public sector covered bonds and the Hedge Counterparties have: (a) a claim 
against the credit institution issuing the public sector covered bonds, (b) in the case of the insolvency or 
resolution of the Credit Institution issuing the public sector covered bonds, a special creditor privilege over 
the cover assets in the amount of the principal and any accrued and future interest and (c) in the case of the 
insolvency of the Credit Institution issuing the public sector covered bonds and in the event that the 
privileged credit referred in (b) cannot be fully satisfied, a common claim against the insolvency estate of 
that Credit Institution, which ranks pari passu with the claims of the Credit Institution’s ordinary unsecured 
creditors of the Credit Institution. The entitlements under (a) to (c) above are limited to the total payment 
obligations under the public sector covered bonds and the above dual recourse and special creditor privilege 
also applies in case of extendable maturity of those public sector covered bonds subject to automatic 
maturity extension, pursuant to the Legal Regime of Public Sector Covered Bonds. 
Pursuant to the Legal Regime of Public Sector Covered Bonds, in the case of dissolution and winding-up of 
a Credit Institution, a meeting of holders of all series of public sector covered bonds then outstanding may 
decide, by a 2/3 majority vote, to accelerate the public sector covered bonds, in which case the administrator

--- Page 181 ---
181 
shall provide for the settlement of the estate allocated to the relevant issue in accordance with the provisions 
defined in the Legal Regime of Public Sector Covered Bonds and in the relevant terms and conditions that 
govern such issue.  
Maturity Extension 
Pursuant to the Legal Regime of Public Sector Covered Bonds, Credit Institutions may issue public sector 
covered bonds with an automatic extendable maturity structure when:  
(a) 
the non-discretionary extension requirements are specified in the terms and conditions of the issue 
applicable to the public sector covered bonds; 
(b) 
the information provided to holders of public sector covered bonds relating to public sector covered 
bonds with such automatic extendable maturity structure is sufficient to perceive the respective risk, 
including: 
(i) 
the operation of the maturity extension; 
(ii) 
the consequences for a maturity extension of the liquidation or resolution of the relevant 
Credit Institution; and 
(iii) 
CMVM’s duties in relation to the maturity extension; 
(c) 
the final maturity date of the public sector covered bonds is determinable at all times; and 
(d) 
in the event of liquidation or resolution of the relevant Credit Institution, maturity extensions do not 
affect the ranking of holders of public sector covered bonds or invert the sequencing of the relevant 
public sector covered bond programme’s original maturity schedule. 
In addition, the maturity of the public sector covered bonds can only be extended based on the following: 
(a) 
revocation of the authorisation of the relevant Credit Institution; or 
(b) 
foreseeable or actual failure to pay the principal or interest amounts of the public sector covered bonds 
due at the initial maturity date, which is not remediable within an established period of time in the 
terms of the relevant issue or the public sector covered bond programme, not exceeding 10 Business 
Days.

--- Page 182 ---
182 
In order to be able to extend the maturity of public sector covered bonds, the Credit Institution shall notify 
CMVM of the referred extension together with the relevant reasons for such extension (i) no less than 10 
calendar days prior to the effective date or (ii) as soon as possible, if the occurrence of the reason for the 
extension or the time it becomes known does not allow the Credit Institution to respect the 10 calendar days 
deadline. CMVM shall oppose the maturity extension within 10 calendar days from receipt of such notice 
from the Credit Institution referred to above, when it considers that the requirements for the extension of 
the maturity are not fulfilled. 
If, prior to the date on which the Public Sector Covered Bonds will be automatically extended, CMVM has 
timely and duly decided to oppose such extension, the extension to an extended maturity date will not apply; 
otherwise, such extension will apply.  
For the avoidance of doubt, if the Credit Institution communicates to CMVM a possible extension less than 
10 calendar days in advance of the effective date and, if on the date on which the Public Sector Covered 
Bonds should automatically be extended to the Extended Maturity Date, CMVM has not yet resolved on its 
opposition, the Public Sector Covered Bonds will be extended to the Extended Maturity Date; if, thereafter, 
CMVM opposes such extension, the extension to the Extended Maturity Date will cease to apply.

--- Page 183 ---
183 
TAXATION 
Portugal 
The following is a general description of certain Portuguese tax consequences of the acquisition and 
ownership of Public Sector Covered Bonds. It does not purport to be an exhaustive description of all tax 
considerations that may be relevant to decide about the purchase of Public Sector Covered Bonds. Notably, 
the following general discussion does not consider any specific facts or circumstances that may apply to a 
particular purchaser. 
This summary is based on the laws of Portugal currently in full force and effect and as applied on the date 
of this Base Prospectus, thus being subject to variation, possibly with retroactive or retrospective effect. 
Prospective purchasers of Public Sector Covered Bonds are advised to consult their own tax advisers as to 
the tax consequences resulting from the purchase, ownership and disposition of Public Sector Covered 
Bonds, including the effect of any state or local taxes, under the tax laws of Portugal and each country where 
they are, or deemed to be, residents.  
The economic advantages deriving from interests, amortisation or reimbursement premiums and other types 
of remuneration arising from Public Sector Covered Bonds issued by private entities are qualified as 
investment income for Portuguese tax purposes. 
Gains obtained with the repayment of Public Sector Covered Bonds are classified as capital gains for 
Portuguese tax purposes. 
Public Sector Covered Bonds not held through a centralised control system  
Interest and other types of investment income obtained on Public Sector Covered Bonds by a Portuguese 
resident individual is subject to individual tax. If the payment of interest or other investment income is made 
available to Portuguese resident individuals, withholding tax applies at a rate of 28 per cent., which is the 
final tax on that income unless the individual elects to include such income in his taxable income, subject 
to tax at progressive income tax rates of up to 48 per cent. In the latter circumstance an additional income 
tax will be due on the part of the taxable income exceeding €80,000 as follows: (i) 2.5 per cent. on the part 
of the taxable income up to €250,000, and (ii) 5 per cent. on the remaining part (if any) of the taxable income 
exceeding €250,000.  
Interest and other investment income paid or made available (“colocado à disposição”) to accounts in the 
name of one or more accountholders acting on behalf of undisclosed entities is subject to a final withholding

--- Page 184 ---
184 
tax at a rate of 35 per cent., unless the beneficial owner of the income is disclosed, in which case the general 
rules will apply.  
In the case of zero coupon Public Sector Covered Bonds, the difference between the redemption value and 
the subscription cost is qualified as investment income and is also subject to Portuguese income tax under 
the rules described above.  
Capital gains taxation at an autonomous rate of 28 per cent., applicable to Portuguese resident individuals, 
will apply on the positive difference between the capital gains and capital losses arising from the transfer of 
the Public Sector Covered Bonds, unless the individual elects to include such income in his taxable income, 
subject to tax at progressive rates of up to 48 per cent. In the latter circumstance an additional income tax 
will be due on the part of the taxable income exceeding €80,000 as follows: (i) 2.5 per cent. on the part of 
the taxable income exceeding €80,000 up to €250,000, and (ii) 5 per cent. on the remaining part (if any) of 
the taxable income exceeding €250,000. Accrued interest qualifies as investment income, rather than as 
capital gains for tax purposes. 
The annual balance between capital gains and losses realized on the disposal of securities admitted to trading 
on regulated markets, when positive, is partially excluded from taxation, as follows:  
(i) 
10 per cent. exclusion, when resulting from the disposal of securities held for a period longer than 
2 years and shorter than 5 years;  
(ii) 
20 per cent. exclusion, when resulting from the disposal of securities held for a period equal to or 
longer than 5 years and shorter than 8 years; or  
(iii) 
30 per cent. exclusion, when resulting from the disposal of securities held for a period equal to or 
longer than 8 years.  
The positive balance between capital gains and capital losses arising from the transfer for consideration of 
shares and other securities is mandatorily aggregated and taxed at progressive rates if the assets have been 
held for less than 365 days and the taxable income of the taxpayer, including the balance of the capital gains 
and capital losses, amounts to or exceeds EUR 80,000. 
Interest and other investment income derived from Public Sector Covered Bonds and capital gains realised 
with the transfer of Public Sector Covered Bonds by legal persons resident for tax purposes in Portugal and 
by non-resident legal persons with a permanent establishment in Portugal to which the income or gains are 
attributable are included in their taxable income and is, as a general rule, subject to a (i) 21 per cent. or (ii) 
if the taxpayer is a small or medium enterprise or a small and mid-capitalization enterprise (Small Mid Cap) 
as established in Decree-Law no. 372/2007, of 6 November 2007, 17 per cent. for taxable profits up to

--- Page 185 ---
185 
€50,000 and 21. per cent. on profits in excess thereof, or (iii) if the taxpayer is a small or medium enterprise 
or a small and mid-capitalization enterprise that qualifies as a start-up under the terms foreseen in Law no. 
21/2023, of 25 May, and that cumulatively meets the conditions established in article 2(1)(f) of the referred 
Law, 12.5 per cent. for taxable profits up to € 50,000 and 21. per cent. on profits in excess thereof, to which 
may be added a municipal surcharge (“derrama municipal”) of up to 1.5 per cent. on their taxable profits. 
A State Surcharge (“derrama estadual”) rate will be of 3 per cent. due on the part of the taxable profits 
exceeding €1,500,000 up to €7,500,000 and of 5 per cent. on the part of the taxable profits exceeding 
€7,500,000 up to €35,000,000, and taxable income above €35,000,000 will be subject to a 9 per cent. Rate.  
Withholding tax on interest and other investment income at a rate of 25 per cent. applies, which is deemed 
a payment on account of the final tax due.  
Portuguese financial institutions, pension funds, collective investment undertakings, retirement and/or 
education savings funds, share savings funds, venture capital funds incorporated under the laws in Portugal 
and some exempt entities are not subject to withholding tax.  
Interest and other investment income paid or made available (“colocado à disposição”) to accounts in the 
name of one or more accountholders acting on behalf of undisclosed entities is subject to a final withholding 
tax at a rate of 35 per cent., unless the beneficial owner of the income is disclosed, in which case the general 
rules will apply.  
Without prejudice to the special debt securities tax regime as described below, the general tax regime on 
debt securities applicable to non-resident entities is the following.  
Interest and other types of investment income obtained by non-resident individuals is subject to withholding 
tax at a rate of 28 per cent.. Interest and other types of investment income obtained by a legal person non-
resident in Portugal without a Portuguese permanent establishment to which the income is attributable is 
subject to withholding tax at a rate of 25 per cent., which is the final tax on that income. 
Under the tax treaties entered into by Portugal which are in full force and effect on the date of this Base 
Prospectus, the withholding tax rate may be reduced to 15, 12, 10 or 5 per cent., depending on the applicable 
treaty and provided that the relevant formalities (including certification of residence by the tax authorities 
of the beneficial owners of the interest and other investment income) are met. The reduction may apply at 
source or through the refund of the excess tax. The forms currently applicable for these purposes were 
approved by Order (“Despacho”) 6403/2021, of the Portuguese Minister of State and Finance, published in

--- Page 186 ---
186 
the 2nd Series of Portuguese official gazette no. 125, of 21st June, which may be available at 
www.portaldasfinancas.gov.pt.  
Interest and other investment income paid or made available (“colocado à disposição”) to accounts in the 
name of one or more accountholders acting on behalf of undisclosed entities is subject to a final withholding 
tax at a rate of 35 per cent., unless the beneficial owner of the income is disclosed, in which case the general 
rules will apply.  
A withholding tax rate of 35 per cent. applies in case of investment income payments to individuals or 
companies domiciled in a country, territory or region subject to a clearly more favourable tax regime 
included in the “low tax jurisdictions” list approved by Ministerial order (Portaria) no. 150/2004, of 13 
February, as amended from time to time (“Lista dos países, territórios e regiões com regimes de tributação 
privilegiada, claramente mais favoráveis”).  
Under domestic law, the responsibility to withhold taxes arising from interest payments of the Public Sector 
Covered Bonds issued by resident entities for tax purposes belong to the registry or depositary entity, as the 
case may be. 
Capital gains obtained on the transfer of Public Sector Covered Bonds by non-resident individuals without 
a permanent establishment in Portugal to which gains are attributable are exempt from Portuguese capital 
gains taxation unless the individual is resident in a country, territory or region subject to a clearly more 
favourable tax regime included in the “low tax jurisdictions” list approved by Ministerial order (Portaria) 
no. 150/2004, of 13 February 2011, as amended from time to time (Lista dos países, territórios e regiões 
com regimes de tributação privilegiada, claramente mais favoráveis). Capital gains obtained by individuals 
that are not entitled to said exemption will be subject to taxation at a 28 per cent. flat rate and should be 
declared in the Portuguese annual tax return to be presented by the seller. Accrued interest does not qualify 
as capital gains for tax purposes. Under the tax treaties entered into by Portugal, Portugal is usually not 
allowed to tax such gains, but the applicable rules should be confirmed on a case by case basis. 
Regarding capital gains obtained on the disposal of Public Sector Covered Bonds by a legal person non-
resident in Portugal for tax purposes and without a permanent establishment in Portugal to which gains are 
attributable to are exempt from Portuguese capital gains taxation, unless the share capital of the non-resident 
entity is more than 25 per cent. directly or indirectly held by Portuguese resident entities or if the beneficial 
owner is resident in a country, territory or region subject to a clearly more favourable tax regime included 
in the “low tax jurisdictions” list approved by Ministerial order (Portaria) no. 150/2004, of 13 February, as 
amended from time to time (Lista dos países, territórios e regiões com regimes de tributação privilegiada,

--- Page 187 ---
187 
claramente mais favoráveis). This 25 per cent. threshold will not be applicable when the following 
cumulative requirements are met by the seller: (i) the seller is an entity resident (a) in the EU or (b) in a 
EEA State which is bound to cooperate with Portugal under an administrative cooperation agreement in tax 
matters similar to the exchange of information schemes in relation to tax matters existing within the EU 
Member States or (c) in any country with which Portugal has a double tax treaty in force that foresees the 
exchange of information; (ii) such entity is subject and not exempt from a tax referred to in Article 2 of the 
Council Directive 2011/96/EU, of 30 November 2011, or a tax of similar nature insofar as, regarding sellers 
identified in item (c) above, such tax has a rate not lower than 60 per cent. of the Portuguese corporate 
income tax rate; (iii) it holds at least 10 per cent. of the share capital or voting rights regarding the entity 
subject to disposal for at least one year uninterruptedly; and (iv) is not intervenient in an artificial 
arrangement or a series of artificial arrangements that have been put into place for the main purpose, or one 
of the main purposes, of obtaining a tax advantage. Although the abovementioned cumulative requirements 
are in full force and effect since 31 March 2016 and apply to securities in general, the law is not clear on 
the application thereof for holders of debt representative securities, as some of the alluded requirements 
appear not to apply to debt representative securities. If the exemption does not apply, the gains will be 
subject to corporate income tax at a rate of 25 per cent. and should be declared in the Portuguese annual tax 
return to be presented by the seller. Accrued interest does not qualify as capital gains for tax purposes. Under 
the tax treaties entered into by Portugal, such gains are usually not subject to Portuguese corporate income 
tax, but the applicable rules should be confirmed on a case by case basis.  
Stamp tax at a rate of 10 per cent. applies to the acquisition through gift or inheritance of Public Sector 
Covered Bonds by an individual who is domiciled in Portugal. An exemption applies to transfers in favour 
of the spouse, de facto spouse, descendants and parents/grandparents. The acquisition of Public Sector 
Covered Bonds through gift or inheritance by a Portuguese resident legal person or a non-resident acting 
through a Portuguese permanent establishment, as a general rule, is subject to a (i) 21 per cent. or (ii) if the 
taxpayer is a small or medium enterprise or a small and mid-capitalization enterprise (Small Mid Cap) as 
established in Decree-Law no. 372/2007, of 6 November 2007, 17 per cent. for taxable profits up to €50,000 
and 21. per cent. on profits in excess thereof or (iii) if the taxpayer is a small or medium enterprise or a 
small and mid-capitalization enterprise that qualifies as a start-up under the terms foreseen in Law no. 
21/2023, of 25 May, and that cumulatively meets the conditions established in article 2(1)(f) of the referred 
Law, 12.5 per cent. for taxable profits up to € 50,000 and 21. per cent. on profits in excess thereof, to which 
may be added a municipal surcharge (“derrama municipal”) of up to 1.5 per cent. over their taxable profits. 
A State Surcharge (“derrama estadual”) rate will be of 3 per cent. due on the part of the taxable profits

--- Page 188 ---
188 
exceeding €1,500,000 up to €7,500,000 and of 5 per cent. on the part of the taxable profits exceeding 
€7,500,000 up to €35,000,000, and taxable income above €35,000,000 will be subject to a 9 per cent. rate. 
No stamp tax applies to the acquisition through gift and inheritance of Public Sector Covered Bonds by an 
individual who is not domiciled in Portugal. The acquisition of Public Sector Covered Bonds through gift 
or inheritance by a non-resident legal person is subject to corporate income tax at a rate of 25 per cent. 
Under the tax treaties entered into by Portugal, such gains are usually not subject to Portuguese tax, but the 
applicable rules should be confirmed on a case by case basis. 
There is no wealth or estate tax in Portugal on the Public Sector Covered Bonds.  
Public Sector Covered Bonds held through a centralised control system  
The regime described above corresponds to the general tax treatment of investment income and capital gains 
on Public Sector Covered Bonds and to the acquisition through gift or inheritance of such Bonds.  
Nevertheless, pursuant to the Special Tax Regime for Debt Securities, approved by Decree-Law no. 
193/2005, investment income and capital gains on the disposal of debt securities issued by Portuguese 
resident entities, such as the Public Sector Covered Bonds obtained by non-resident beneficial owners, are 
exempt from Portuguese income tax provided that (i) the debt securities are integrated in a centralised 
system managed by an entity resident in Portugal or by an international clearing system managing entity of 
a member state of the EU or of the EEA (in this case, the member state of the EEA should be subject to 
administrative cooperation in tax issues similar to the administrative cooperation agreement in force 
between EU countries), and (ii) the beneficial owners are:  
(i) 
central banks or governmental agencies; or  
(ii) 
international organisations recognised by the Portuguese State; or  
(iii) 
entities with residency in countries with whom Portugal has a double tax treaty or a tax information 
exchange agreement in force; or  
(iv) 
other entities without headquarters, effective management or a permanent establishment in the 
Portuguese territory to which the relevant income is attributable and which are not domiciled in a 
country, territory or region subject to a clearly more favourable tax regime included in the “low tax 
jurisdictions” list approved by Ministerial order (Portaria) no. 150/2004, of 13 February, as amended 
from time to time (“Lista dos países, territórios e regiões com regimes de tributação privilegiada, 
claramente mais favoráveis”).

--- Page 189 ---
189 
The special regime approved by Decree-Law no. 193/2005 sets out the detailed rules and procedures to be 
followed on the evidence of non-residence by the beneficial owners of the bonds to which it applies. Under 
these rules, the direct register entity (i.e., the entity affiliated to the centralised system where the securities 
are integrated), as the entity holding the relevant account with the relevant centralised system in which the 
Public Sector Covered Bonds are integrated, will be under the obligation to obtain and keep proof, in the 
form described below, that the beneficial owner is a non-resident entity that is entitled to the exemption. As 
a general rule, the evidence of non-residence status should be provided to, and received by, the direct 
registration entities prior to the relevant date for payment of any interest, or the redemption date (for zero 
coupon Public Sector Covered Bonds), and prior to the transfer of Public Sector Covered Bonds date, as the 
case may be. The relevant direct registering entity shall withhold the relevant tax if the requirements for a 
withholding tax exemption are not met.  
The following is a general description of the rules and procedures on the proof required for the exemption 
to apply at source, as they stand on the date of this Base Prospectus.  
(a) Domestically Cleared Public Sector Covered Bonds  
The beneficial owner of Public Sector Covered Bonds must provide proof of non-residence in Portuguese 
territory substantially in the terms set forth below.  
(i) 
If the beneficial owner of Public Sector Covered Bonds is a central bank, an international 
organisation or a public law institution integrated in the Public Administration (either central, 
regional, peripheral, indirect or autonomous), a declaration of tax residence issued by the beneficial 
owner of Public Sector Covered Bonds itself, duly signed and authenticated or proof pursuant to 
(iv) below;  
(ii) 
If the beneficial owner of Public Sector Covered Bonds is a credit institution, a financial company, 
a pension fund or an insurance company domiciled in any OECD country or in a country with which 
Portugal has entered into a double taxation treaty and is subject to a special supervision regime or 
administrative registration, certification shall be made by means of the following: (A) its tax 
identification; or (B) a certificate issued by the entity responsible for such supervision or registration 
confirming the legal existence of the beneficial owner of Public Sector Covered Bonds and its 
domicile; or (C) proof of non-residence pursuant to (iv) below.  
(iii) 
If the beneficial owner of Public Sector Covered Bonds is either an investment fund or other type 
of collective investment undertaking domiciled in any OECD country or any country with which

--- Page 190 ---
190 
Portugal has entered into a double tax treaty, certification shall be provided by means of any of the 
following documents: (A) declaration issued by the entity which is responsible for its registration 
or supervision or by the tax authorities, confirming its legal existence, the law of incorporation and 
domicile; or (B) proof of non-residence pursuant to (iv) below.  
(iv) 
In any other case, confirmation must be made by way of (A) a certificate of residence or equivalent 
document issued by the relevant tax authorities; or (B) a document issued by the relevant Portuguese 
consulate certifying residence abroad; or (C) a document specifically issued by an official entity of 
the public administration (either central, regional or peripheral, indirect or autonomous) of the 
relevant country certifying the residence; for these purposes, an identification document such as a 
passport or an identity card or document by means of which it is only indirectly possible to assume 
the relevant tax residence (such as a work or permanent residency permit) is not acceptable.  
There are rules regarding the authenticity and validity of the documents mentioned in paragraph (iv) above, 
in particular that the beneficial owner of Public Sector Covered Bonds must provide an original or a certified 
copy of the residence certificate or equivalent document. This document must be issued up to until 3 months 
after the date on which the withholding tax would have been applied and will be valid for a 3 year period 
starting on the date such document is produced. The beneficial owner of Public Sector Covered Bonds must 
inform the register entity immediately of any change on the requirement conditions that may prevent the tax 
exemption to apply.  
When the Public Sector Covered Bonds are held by beneficial owners mentioned in paragraph (i) to (iii) 
above, the respective proof of non-residence in Portuguese territory is provided just once and periodical 
renewal not being necessary.  
(b) Internationally Cleared Public Sector Covered Bonds 
If the Public Sector Covered Bonds are held through a centralised system recognised under the Portuguese 
Securities Code and complementary legislation, and registered in an account with an international clearing 
system under the terms foreseen in Decree-Law no. 193/2005 (such as Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg), the identification and amount of securities, as well as the amount of income, and, if 
applicable, the amount of withheld tax, shall be communicated (as mentioned below) and the beneficiaries 
shall be identified under one of the following categories:

--- Page 191 ---
191 
(i) 
Entities with residence, headquarters, effective management or permanent establishment to which 
the income would be attributable, and which are exempt from taxation or not subject to tax 
withholding; 
(ii) 
Entities with residence in a country, territory or region subject to a clearly more favourable tax 
regime included in the “low tax jurisdictions” list approved by Ministerial order (Portaria) no. 
150/2004, of 13 February, as amended from time to time (“Lista dos países, territórios e regiões 
com regimes de tributação privilegiada, claramente mais favoráveis”); 
(iii) 
Entities with residence, headquarters, effective management or permanent establishment to which 
the income would be attributable, and which are exempt from taxation or not subject to tax 
withholdings; 
(iv) 
Other entities which do not have residence, headquarters, effective management or permanent 
establishment to which the income would be attributable. 
On each interest payment date, the following information with respect of each one of the beneficiaries 
mentioned in (i), (ii) and (iii) should be communicated: 
(i) 
Name and address; 
(ii) 
Tax identification number (if available); 
(iii) 
Identification and amount of securities held; 
(iv) 
Amount of income. 
In addition, the international clearing system managing entity shall send the above information to the direct 
register entity, or its representatives, and should send the information regarding all accounts under its 
management.  
No Portuguese exemption shall apply at source under the special regime approved by Decree-Law no. 
193/2005 if the above rules and procedures are not complied with. Accordingly, the general Portuguese tax 
provisions shall apply as described above.  
If the conditions for the exemption to apply are met, but, due to inaccurate or insufficient information, tax 
was withheld, a special refund procedure is available under the special regime approved by Decree-Law no. 
193/2005. The refund claim is to be submitted to the direct or indirect register entity of the Public Sector 
Covered Bonds within 6 months from the date the withholding took place.

--- Page 192 ---
192 
The refund of withholding tax in other circumstances or after the above 6 months period is to be claimed to 
the Portuguese tax authorities under the general procedures and within a 2 years period after the end of the 
year where the income was obtained.  
A special tax form for these purposes was approved by Order (“Despacho”) 2937/2014, of the Portuguese 
Secretary of State for Tax Affairs, published in 2nd Series of Portuguese official gazette no. 37, of 21 
February, which may be available at www.portaldasfinancas.gov.pt.  
Automatic exchange of tax information 
The automatic exchange of information regime to be implemented under Council Directive 2011/16/EU, of 
15 February (the “Council Directive 2011/16/EU”) on Administrative Cooperation in the field of Taxation 
(as amended by Council Directive 2014/107/EU, of 9 December (the “Council Directive 2014/107/EU”), 
and by Council Directive 2021/514/EU, of 22 March (the “Council Directive 2021/514/EU”)) is in 
accordance with the Global Standard released by the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and 
Development in July 2014. 
Council Directive 2014/107/EU was transposed to Portuguese national law, on October 2016, by Decree-
Law no. 64/2016, of 11 October (“Portuguese CRS Law”), which amended Decree-Law no. 61/2013, of 
10 May, which transposed Council Directive 2011/16/EU. The Portuguese CRS Law and Decree-Law no. 
61/2013, have been amended by Law no. 98/2017, of 24 August, Law no. 17/2019, of 14 February 2019 
and Law no. 24-D/2022, of 30 December. 
Under the Portuguese CRS Law, the Issuer is required to collect information regarding certain 
accountholders and report such information to Portuguese Tax Authorities which, in turn, will report such 
information to the relevant Tax Authorities of EU Member States or States which have signed the 
Multilateral Competent Authority Agreement on Automatic Exchange of Financial Account Information for 
the Common Reporting Standard. 
Under Council Directive 2014/107/EU, of 9 December 2014, financial institutions are required to report to 
the tax authorities of their respective Member State (for the exchange of information with the state of 
residence) information regarding bank accounts, including custodial accounts, held by individual persons 
residing in a different Member State or entities which are controlled by one or more individual persons 
residing in a different Member State, after having applied the due diligence rules foreseen in the Directive. 
The information refers to the account balance at the end of the calendar year, income paid or credited in the 
account and the proceeds from the sale or redemption of the financial assets paid or credited in the account

--- Page 193 ---
193 
during the calendar year to which the financial institution acted as custodian, broker, nominee, or otherwise 
as an agent for the account holder, among others. 
In view of the regime enacted by Decree-Law no. 64/2016, of 11 October, which was amended by Law no. 
98/2017, of 24 August, and Law no. 17/2019, of 14 February 2019, all information regarding the registration 
of the financial institution, the procedures to comply with the reporting obligations arising thereof and the 
applicable forms were approved by Ministerial Order (Portaria) no. 302-B/2016, of 2 December 2016, as 
amended by Ministerial Order (Portaria) no. 282/2018, of 19 October 2018, Ministerial Order (Portaria) 
no. 302-C/2016, of 2 December 2016, Ministerial Order (Portaria) no. 302-D/2016, of 2 December 2016, 
as amended by Ministerial Order (Portaria) no. 255/2017, of 14 August and by Ministerial Order (Portaria) 
no. 58/2018, of 27 February 2018 and Ministerial Order (Portaria) no. 302-E/2016, of 2 December 2016.  
Council Directive 2021/514/EU has amended Council Directive 2011/16/EU aiming to combat the fraud, 
evasion and tax avoidance in the digital economy and the cross-border dimension of the services offered 
through the use of digital platforms. Under this regime, any digital platform that connects sellers of certain 
goods and services with the respective buyers should report to the local tax authorities information on the 
economic activities carried out by the users. Law no. 36/2023, of 26 July, has transposed Council Directive 
2021/514/EU in Portugal. 
Portugal has also implemented, through Law no. 82-B/2014, of 31 December, the legal framework based 
on reciprocal exchange of information on financial accounts subject to disclosure in order to comply with 
FATCA. In addition, Portugal has signed the Intergovernmental Agreement (IGA) with the US on 6 August 
2015. The IGA has entered into force in 10 August 2016, and through the Decree-Law no. 64/2016, of 11 
October, amended by Law no. 98/2017, of 24 August, and by Law no. 17/2019 of 14 February, Portuguese 
government approved the complementary regulation required to comply with FATCA. Under the referred 
legislation the Issuer is required to obtain information regarding certain accountholders and report such 
information to the Portuguese Tax Authorities, which, in turn, will report such information to the IRS. In 
view of the abovementioned regime, all information regarding the registration of the financial institution, 
the procedures to comply with the reporting obligations and the forms to use for that end were provided by 
the Ministry of Finance through Ministerial Order (Portaria) no. 302-A/2016, of 2 December, amended by 
Ministerial Order (Portaria) no. 169/2017, of 25 May.

--- Page 194 ---
194 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND SECONDARY MARKET ARRANGEMENTS 
The Dealer has in the Programme Agreement agreed with the Issuer a basis upon which it may from time 
to time agree to purchase Public Sector Covered Bonds. 
Any such agreement will extend to those matters stated under “Form of the Public Sector Covered Bonds 
and Clearing Systems” and “Terms and Conditions of the Public Sector Covered Bonds”. In the Programme 
Agreement, the Issuer has agreed to reimburse the Dealer for certain of its expenses in connection with the 
establishment and any future update of the Programme and the issue of Public Sector Covered Bonds under 
the Programme and to indemnify the Dealer against certain liabilities incurred by it in connection therewith. 
The following restrictions may be amended or supplemented in the applicable Final Terms. 
United States 
The Public Sector Covered Bonds have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act or 
the securities laws of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States, and may not be offered or sold 
within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except pursuant to an exemption 
from or in a transaction not subject to the registration requirements of the US Securities Act. The Public 
Sector Covered Bonds are initially being offered and sold only outside the United States in reliance on 
Regulation S under the US Securities Act. Terms used in this paragraph and the following paragraph have 
the meanings given to them by Regulation S under the US Securities Act. 
The Dealer has represented and agreed that it will not offer or sell any Public Sector Covered Bonds (i) as 
part of their distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until 40 days after the completion of the distribution 
of all Public Sector Covered Bonds of the Tranche of which such Public Sector Covered Bonds are a part, 
except in accordance with Rule 903 of Regulation S under the US Securities Act. Accordingly, the Dealer 
has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent and agree, that neither it, its affiliates nor any persons acting on its or their behalf have engaged 
or will engage in any directed selling efforts with respect to any Public Sector Covered Bonds, and that it 
and they have complied and will comply with the offering restrictions requirement of Regulation S. The 
Dealer has agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree, that, 
at or prior to confirmation of sale of Public Sector Covered Bonds, it will have sent to each distributor, 
dealer or person receiving a selling concession, fee or other remuneration that purchases Public Sector

--- Page 195 ---
195 
Covered Bonds from it during the distribution compliance period a confirmation or notice to substantially 
the following effect:  
“The Securities covered hereby have not been registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as 
amended (the “US Securities Act”) or the securities laws of any state or other jurisdiction of the 
United States, and may not be offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the account or 
benefit of, U.S. persons (i) as part of their distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until 40 days after 
the completion of the distribution of the Securities, and except in either case in accordance with 
Regulation S under the US Securities Act. Terms used above have the meanings given to them by 
Regulation S.” 
The Public Sector Covered Bonds are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or 
delivered within the United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain 
transactions permitted by U.S. Treasury regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given 
to them by the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and Treasury regulations promulgated 
thereunder. 
In addition, until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of any Series of Public Sector Covered 
Bonds, an offer or sale of such Public Sector Covered Bonds within the United States by any dealer (whether 
or not participating in the offering) may violate the registration requirements of the US Securities Act if 
such offer or sale is made otherwise than in accordance with an available exemption from registration under 
the US Securities Act. 
Japan 
The Public Sector Covered Bonds have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments 
and Exchange Act of Japan (Act no. 25 of 1948, as amended; the “FIEA”) and, accordingly, each Dealer 
has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent and agree, that it will not offer or sell any Public Sector Covered Bonds, directly or indirectly, in 
Japan or to, or for the benefit of, a resident of Japan, as defined under Item 5, Paragraph 1, Article 6 of the 
Foreign Exchange and Foreign Trade Act (Act no. 228 of 1949, as amended), or to others for re-offering or 
re-sale, directly or indirectly, in Japan to, or for the benefit of, a resident in Japan, except pursuant to an 
exemption from the registration requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with the FIEA and any other 
applicable laws, regulations and ministerial guidelines of Japan.

--- Page 196 ---
196 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors  
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Public Sector Covered Bonds specify the “Prohibition of Sales to 
EEA Retail Investors” as “Not Applicable”, the Dealer represents, warrants and agrees, and each further 
Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold 
or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Public Sector Covered 
Bonds which are the subject of the offering and listing contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed 
by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the EEA. For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or  
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 of the European Parliament and of 
the Council of 20 January 2016 on insurance distribution (as amended from time to time,), 
where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of 
Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor, as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; and 
(b) 
the expression an “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Public Sector Covered Bonds to be offered so as to 
enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe the Public Sector Covered Bonds. 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Public Sector Covered Bonds specify “Prohibition of Sales to EEA 
Retail Investors” as “Not Applicable”, in relation to each Member State of the EEA the Dealer represents, 
warrants and agrees, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent 
and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Public Sector Covered Bonds which are subject 
to the offering and listing contemplated in this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation 
thereto to the public in that Member State of the EEA except that it may make an offer of such Public Sector 
Covered Bonds to the public in that Member State of the EEA: 
(a) 
at any time to a legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; 
(b) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in 
the Prospectus Regulation) subject to obtaining the prior consent of the Dealer or Dealers nominated 
by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(c) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation,

--- Page 197 ---
197 
provided that no such offer of Public Sector Covered Bonds referred to in (a) to (c) above shall require the 
Issuer or any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement 
a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision: 
• 
the expression an “offer of Public Sector Covered Bonds to the public” in relation to any Public 
Sector Covered Bonds in any Member State of the EEA means the communication in any form and 
by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Public Sector Covered Bonds 
to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Public Sector 
Covered Bonds; and  
• 
the expression “Prospectus Regulation” means Regulation (EU) No. 2017/1129 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council, of 14 June 2017, on the prospectus to be published when securities 
are offered to the public or admitted to trading on a regulated market, and repealing Directive 
2003/71/EC, as amended or superseded from time to time. 
United Kingdom 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Public Sector Covered Bonds specify the “Prohibition of Sales to 
UK Retail Investors” as “Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or 
otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Public Sector Covered 
Bonds which are the subject of the offering and listing contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed 
by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the UK. For the purposes of this provision: 
(1) 
the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
a. 
a retail client as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No. 2017/565 as it 
forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
b. 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations 
made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would 
not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) 
No. 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
c. 
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation; and

--- Page 198 ---
198 
(2) 
the expression an “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Public Sector Covered Bonds to be offered so as to 
enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Public Sector Covered Bonds. 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Public Sector Covered Bonds specify “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors” as “Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not 
make an offer of Public Sector Covered Bonds which are the subject of the offering and listing contemplated 
in this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to the public in the UK, except 
that it may make an offer of such Public Sector Covered Bonds to the public in the UK: 
(a) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus 
Regulation; 
(b) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in 
Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation) in the UK subject to obtaining the prior consent of the 
relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(c) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA, 
provided that no such offer of Public Sector Covered Bonds referred to in (a) to (c) above shall require the 
Issuer or any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus 
pursuant to Article 23 of the UK Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision: 
• 
the expression an “offer of Public Sector Covered Bonds to the public” in relation to any Public 
Sector Covered Bonds means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Public Sector Covered Bonds to be offered so as to 
enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Public Sector Covered Bonds; and 
• 
the expression “UK Prospectus Regulation” when used herein means Regulation (EU) No. 
2017/1129 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
Other regulatory restrictions 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent, warrant and agree that:  
(a) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be

--- Page 199 ---
199 
communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of 
section 21 of the FSMA received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Public Sector 
Covered Bonds in circumstances in which section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer; 
and 
(b) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything 
done by it in relation to such Public Sector Covered Bonds in, from or otherwise involving, the UK. 
Belgium 
Other than in respect of Public Sector Covered Bonds for which “Prohibition of Sales to Belgian 
Consumers” is specified as “Not Applicable” in the applicable Final Terms, each Dealer has represented and 
agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that 
an offering of Public Sector Covered Bonds may not be advertised to any individual in Belgium qualifying 
as a consumer within the meaning of Article I.1, 2º of the Belgian Code of Economic Law, as amended from 
time to time (a “Belgian Consumer”) and that it has not offered, sold or resold, transferred or delivered, 
and will not offer, sell, resell, transfer or deliver, the Public Sector Covered Bonds, and that it has not 
distributed, and will not distribute, any prospectus, memorandum, information circular, brochure or any 
similar documents in relation to the Public Sector Covered Bonds, directly or indirectly, to any Belgian 
Consumer. 
Singapore 
If the applicable Final Terms in respect of any Public Sector Covered Bond specifies “Singapore Sales to 
Institutional Investors and Accredited Investors only” as “Applicable”, the Dealer has acknowledged, and 
each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to acknowledge, that this Base 
Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with the Monetary Authority of Singapore (the “MAS”). 
Accordingly, the Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it has not offered or sold any Public Sector 
Covered Bonds or caused the Public Sector Covered Bonds to be made the subject of an invitation for 
subscription or purchase and will not offer or sell any Public Sector Covered Bonds or cause the Public 
Sector Covered Bonds to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, and has not 
circulated or distributed, nor will it circulate or distribute, this Base Prospectus or any other document or 
material in connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase, of the Public Sector 
Covered Bonds, whether directly or indirectly, to any person in Singapore other than (i) to an institutional 
investor (as defined in Section 4A of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore, as modified or

--- Page 200 ---
200 
amended from time to time (the “SFA”)) pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA or (ii) to an accredited investor 
(as defined in Section 4A of the SFA) pursuant to and in accordance with the conditions specified in Section 
275 of the SFA. 
If the applicable Final Terms in respect of any Public Sector Covered Bonds specifies “Singapore Sales to 
Institutional Investors and Accredited Investors only” as “Not Applicable”, the Dealer has acknowledged, 
and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to acknowledge, that this Base 
Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with the MAS. Accordingly, the Dealer has represented, 
warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, 
warrant and agree, that it has not offered or sold any Public Sector Covered Bonds or caused the Public 
Sector Covered Bonds to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase and will not offer 
or sell any Public Sector Covered Bonds or cause the Public Sector Covered Bonds to be made the subject 
of an invitation for subscription or purchase, and has not circulated or distributed, nor will it circulate or 
distribute, this Base Prospectus or any other document or material in connection with the offer or sale, or 
invitation for subscription or purchase, of the Public Sector Covered Bonds, whether directly or indirectly, 
to any person in Singapore other than (i) to an institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A of SFA) 
pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA, (ii) to a relevant person (as defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA) 
pursuant to Section 275(1) of the SFA, or any person pursuant to Section 275(1A) of the SFA, and in 
accordance with the conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA, or (iii) otherwise pursuant to, and in 
accordance with the conditions of, any other applicable provision of the SFA. 
Switzerland 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that this Base Prospectus is not intended to constitute an offer or solicitation 
to purchase or invest in the Public Sector Covered Bonds and the Public Sector Covered Bonds may not be 
publicly offered, directly or indirectly, in Switzerland within the meaning of the Swiss Financial Services 
Act (“FinSA”) and no application has or will be made to admit the Public Sector Covered Bonds to trading 
on any trading venue (exchange or multilateral trading facility) in Switzerland. Neither this Base Prospectus 
nor any other offering or marketing material relating to the Public Sector Covered Bonds constitutes a 
prospectus pursuant to the FinSA, and neither this Base Prospectus nor any other offering or marketing 
material relating to the Public Sector Covered Bonds may be publicly distributed or otherwise made publicly 
available in Switzerland.

--- Page 201 ---
201 
General  
These selling restrictions may be modified by the agreement of the Issuer and the Dealer following a change 
in a relevant law, regulation or directive. 
No action has been taken in any jurisdiction that would permit a public offering of any of the Public Sector 
Covered Bonds, or possession or distribution of this Base Prospectus or any other offering material or any 
Final Terms, in any country or jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. 
The Dealer agrees that it will, to the best of its knowledge and belief, comply with all applicable securities 
laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Public Sector 
Covered Bonds or possesses or distributes this Base Prospectus, any other offering material or any Final 
Terms and neither the Issuer nor any other Dealer shall have responsibility therefor. 
None of the Issuer and the Dealer represents that the Public Sector Covered Bonds may at any time lawfully 
be sold in compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements in any jurisdiction, or pursuant 
to any exemption available thereunder, or assumes any responsibility for facilitating such sale. 
Secondary Market Arrangements 
The Issuer may enter into agreements with the Dealer or other persons in relation to a Tranche or Series of 
Public Sector Covered Bonds whereby the Dealer may agree to provide liquidity in those Public Sector 
Covered Bonds through bid and offer rate arrangements. The relevant Dealers or relevant persons in such 
agreements may agree to quote bid and offer prices for the relevant Public Sector Covered Bonds at such 
rates and in such sizes as are specified in the relevant agreement and the provision of such quotes may be 
subject to other conditions as set out in the relevant agreement. Not all issues of Public Sector Covered 
Bonds under the Programme will benefit from such agreements. A description of the main terms of any such 
agreements and the names and addresses of the relevant Dealers or other persons who are party to such will 
be disclosed in the applicable Final Terms for the relevant Public Sector Covered Bonds.

--- Page 202 ---
202 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Authorisation 
The establishment of the Programme in compliance with the Public Sector Covered Bonds Law was duly 
authorised by (i) resolution of the Board of Directors of the Issuer dated 22 April 2008, renewed by 
resolutions of the Board of Directors of the Issuer dated 28 September 2018 and 5 September 2023 and (ii) 
the Programme has been subsequently updated by duly authorisations of the Issuer relevant management 
body. 
The Issuer applied to the CMVM to convert its existing public sector covered bonds programme to a public 
sector covered bonds programme compliant with the Legal Regime of Public Sector Covered Bonds, as 
authorised by a resolution of the Board of Directors of the Issuer dated 29 March 2023. The CMVM 
authorised such conversion on 12 October 2023. 
Listing 
In respect of Public Sector Covered Bonds which are intended to be listed, application will be made to 
Euronext for the admission of Public Sector Covered Bonds issued under the Programme to trading on the 
regulated market Euronext Lisbon. 
Interbolsa 
The Public Sector Covered Bonds have been accepted for settlement through Interbolsa. The appropriate 
common code (if applicable) and ISIN for each Tranche of Public Sector Covered Bonds will be specified 
in the applicable Final Terms. If the Public Sector Covered Bonds are to clear through an additional or 
alternative clearing system the appropriate information will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Significant or Material Change  
There has been (A) no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer since the publication of the 
Issuer’s 2023 Annual Report (audited consolidated financial statements) as of 31 December 2023 and (B) 
no significant change in the financial performance or position of the Issuer and BPI Group since the 
publication of the Issuer’s first half 2024 Report (limited review) as of 30 June 2024. 
Litigation  
In 2012, the Portuguese Competition Authority (“PCA”), under the powers legally attributed to it, opened 
administrative infraction proceedings against 15 banks operating in the Portuguese market, including the

--- Page 203 ---
203 
Issuer, due to alleged competition restrictive practices. On 1 June 2015, the Issuer was served the statement 
of objections, where it was accused of breaching the rules on competition.  
On 27 September 2017, the Issuer presented its defence. During the process, and whenever appropriate, the 
Issuer appealed against several interlocutory rulings issued by the Competition Authority, which the Issuer 
considered as susceptible of violating its rights. 
On 9 September 2019, the Issuer was notified of PCA’s decision which concluded that (i) the Issuer and 
other Portuguese banks had engaged in an exchange of information regarding past credit volumes and 
regarding spreads that were due to be publicly disclosed and enter into force in a matter of days and (ii) that 
such conduct should be considered as an infringement by object. As a result, PCA decided to impose fines 
to all banks involved. The fine imposed on BPI was of 30 million euros.  
The Issuer appealed on October 2019 this decision to the Competition Court (Tribunal de Concorrência, 
Regulação e Supervisão) (appeal lodged with the Court of First Instance) as it considers that has it has not 
committed the infringements attributed to it by the PCA and that therefore there should be no grounds for a 
conviction. As it shows in its appeal, the Issuer considers that (a) not only the alleged exchange of 
information did not occur as it is described by PCA (b) but also that (i) the exchange of information did not 
meet the conditions to be considered apt to result in negative effects to competition (ii) and it did not 
effectively caused any negative competitive effects, namely, it did not harm consumers. Although trusting 
that its position will prevail, the Issuer cannot predict the outcome of this appeal. 
Together with the appeal, the Issuer requested a suspension of PCA decision’s effects until a final court 
decision is reached on the case. The Competition Court determined that a guarantee in an amount equal to 
50% of the fine should be provided by the parties in order to obtain such suspension (Court’s decision to 
require a guarantee in order to agree on the suspension and the definition of its amount are decisions of a 
procedural nature only and, as such, do not carry or by any other means convey any indication of the Courts 
about how it will decide on the appeal). 
On December 2020, BPI presented to the Court a bank guarantee in an amount corresponding to half of the 
amount of the fine imposed by the appealed decision. This bank guarantee was accepted by the Court and, 
as a result, the decision’s effects are now suspended until a final court decision is reached on the case. 
Appeal’s hearing started in September 2021 and lasted until April 2022 and the Court announced it would 
issue a decision by the end of April 2022. On April 28, 2022, Court issued a decision whereby it decided on 
the facts it considered as having been proven, but decided to suspend the instance and, once it considered it

--- Page 204 ---
204 
as necessary to enable it to give judgment, requested the Court of Justice of the European Union (“CJEU”) 
to give a ruling on whether such facts represent an infringement of the applicable European competition 
law. 
On 5 October 2023, the attorney-general at the European Court of Justice issued its conclusions, considering 
that the alleged practices could, under certain circumstances, be qualified as a restriction of competition by 
object. The attorney-general is an independent entity, whose conclusions are not binding to the European 
Court of Justice. The European Court of Justice issued, in its judgment of July 29, 2024, provided certain 
guidelines to the Competition Court, indicating that such exchanges could constitute an infringement by 
object should they eliminate uncertainty about future behavior among competitors.  
On 20 September 2024 the Issuer informed the market that the Competition Court released on that day its 
ruling in case relating to the challenge of the fine, applied by PCA in September 2019, to a group of banks, 
including the Issuer, for alleged infringement of competition law. The sentence, which was a first instance 
decision, maintained the fine of €30 million imposed by PCA on the Issuer. The Issuer, after analysing in 
detail the content of the Competition Court ruling, has already exercised its rights of defense, by filing an 
appeal with the Lisbon Court of Appeal on 15 October 2024. 
In the context of the fine proposed by the PCA, even though the Competition proceedings outcome has not 
come to a final conclusion, on 11 March 11 2024, the Issuer was notified of a claim filed by Ius Omnibus, 
a consumer association, seeking damages from the Issuer and several other banks operating in Portugal in a 
civil case based on the same conduct that is the subject of the administrative proceedings. The claims are 
fully based on the alleged competition infringement rules. The Issuer is preparing its defence, which it 
considers, both substantially as well as formally, solid and sustained. As such, taking into account the 
information available up to date, BPI does not foresee any material impact arising from this additional 
proceeding. 
Save as disclose above, there have been no governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any 
proceedings which are pending or threatened of which the Issuer is aware) during the 12 months preceding 
the date of this Base Prospectus which may have or have had in the recent past a significant effect on the 
Issuer’s financial position or profitability.

--- Page 205 ---
205 
Ratings Information  
The ratings assigned to the Issuer from time to time are available for consultation at 
https://www.bancobpi.pt/en/bpi-group/investor-relations/credit-ratings. The long term/short term ratings 
currently assigned to the Issuer are Baa1/P-2 with stable outlook by Moody's España, BBB+/ F2 with 
positive outlook by Fitch and BBB+/A-2 with positive outlook by S&P.  
Pursuant to Moody’s España’s rating definitions, the long-term issuer rating assigned to BPI means that 
“obligations rated Baa are judged to be medium-grade and subject to moderate credit risk and as such may 
possess certain speculative characteristics”. The modifier “1” indicates that the obligation ranks in the higher 
end of this generic rating category and “stable outlook” indicates the likely direction of the rating over the 
medium term. 
Pursuant to Fitch’s rating definitions, the long-term issuer rating assigned to BPI means that “BBB ratings 
indicate that expectations of default risk are currently low. The capacity for payment of financial 
commitments is considered adequate, but adverse business or economic conditions are more likely to impair 
this capacity”. “Positive outlook” indicates a potential upgrade in the rating over a one to two-year period. 
Pursuant to Standard & Poor’s rating definitions, the long-term issuer rating assigned to BPI means that “an 
obligor rated BBB+ has adequate capacity to meet its financial commitments. However, adverse economic 
conditions or changing circumstances are more likely to weaken the obligor's capacity to meet its financial 
commitments”. “Positive outlook” indicates that the rating may be raised over the intermediate term 
(typically six months to two years). 
A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction 
or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. 
Documents Available 
For the period of 12 months following the date of this Base Prospectus, copies of the following documents 
will, when published, be available for inspection at https://bpi.bancobpi.pt/index.asp: 
(a) 
a copy of this Base Prospectus (which will also be available on the website of BPI 
(https://www.bancobpi.pt/grupo-bpi/informacao-financeira/programa-de-obrigacoes-cobertas-setor-
publico);

--- Page 206 ---
206 
(b) 
the 
articles 
of 
association 
(in 
Portuguese) 
of 
BPI 
(https://rep.bancobpi.pt/RepMultimedia/getMultimedia.asp?channel=Multimedia%20-%20RI%20-
%20Informa%E7%E3o%20Obrig%20Investidores&content=Estatutos_Contrato_BancoBPI_PT); 
(c) 
the audited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer in respect of the financial year ended 31 
December 
2022 
(the 
2022 
Annual 
Report, 
which 
can 
be 
found 
at: 
https://www.bancobpi.pt/contentservice/getContent?documentName=PR_UCMS02078479); 
(d) 
the audited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer in respect of the financial year ended 31 
December 
2023 
(the 
2023 
Annual 
Report, 
which 
can 
be 
found 
at 
https://www.bancobpi.pt/contentservice/getContent?documentName=PR_UCMS02109040); 
(e) 
the first half 2024 report with limited review (the first half 2024 Report, which can be found at 
https://www.bancobpi.pt/contentservice/getContent?documentName=PR_UCMS02113508); 
(f) 
the Programme Agreement; 
(g) 
the Agency and Payments Procedures; 
(h) 
the Common Representative Appointment Agreement; 
(i) 
any offering circulars, information memoranda and supplements, including the Final Terms (other 
than the Final Terms relating to Public Sector Covered Bonds which are not listed on any stock 
exchange), to this Base Prospectus and any other documents incorporated herein or therein by 
reference; 
(j) 
any applicable Final Terms (save that Final Terms relating to Public Sector Covered Bonds which 
are neither admitted to trading on a regulated market in the EEA nor offered in the EEA in 
circumstances where a prospectus is required to be published under the Prospectus Regulation will 
only be available for inspection by a holder of such Public Sector Covered Bonds and such holder 
must produce evidence satisfactory to the Issuer or the relevant Paying Agent as to its holding of 
Public Sector Covered Bonds and identity); and 
(k) 
in the case of an issue of Public Sector Covered Bonds subscribed pursuant to a subscription 
agreement, the relevant subscription agreement (or equivalent document); 
Copies of the Base Prospectus, any supplements and any applicable Final Terms are available on the official 
CMVM's website (www.cmvm.pt). Copies of this Base Prospectus and any other documents incorporated 
herein shall remain publicly available in electronic form for at least 10 years after its publication.

--- Page 207 ---
207 
 
Post-issuance reporting 
Any information which the Issuer is required by law or regulation to provide in relation to itself or securities issued by it, including the Public Sector 
Covered Bonds, will be made available at www.cmvm.pt.  
The Issuer publishes quarterly investor reports on the outstanding Public Sector Covered Bonds, including information on the Cover Pool and the applicable 
Overcollateralisation Percentage. Such reports are available at: https://www.bancobpi.pt/grupo-bpi/informacao-financeira/investor-reports-osp. 
The following information could be found in the June 2024 Investor Report: 
1. Current Credit Ratings 
  
Long Term 
Short Term 
Banco BPI Public Sector Covered Bond Programme  
Aa2 (Moody's) 
n/a 
Banco BPI 
Baa1 / BBB+ / BBB+ (Moody's / S&P / Fitch) 
P-2 / A-2 / F2 (Moody's / S&P / Fitch) 
Portugal 
  
3 / A- / A- / A (Moody's / S&P / Fitch / DBRS) 
P-2 / A-2 / F1 / R-1L  (Moody's / S&P / Fitch / DBRS) 
 
 
2. Covered Bonds 
  
Issue Date 
Coupon 
Maturity 
Date 
Soft Bullet 
Date1 
Remaining 
Term (years) 
Nominal Amount 
(EUR) 
Covered Bonds Outstanding 
  
 
  
 
 
4,33
600 000 000,00 
Private Placements 
 
600 000 000,00 
Series 6 (ISIN PTBPILOM0023) 
09/06/2022 
Floating 
09/06/2028 
09/06/2029 
3,95
450 000 000,00 
Series 7 (ISIN PTBPINOM0005) 
18/12/2023 
Floating 
18/12/2029 
18/12/2030 
5,48
150 000 000,00 
CRD Compliant (yes/no) 
  
  
  
  
  
  
Yes 
 
 
3. Asset Cover Test 
  
  
  
  
  
Remaining 
Term (years) 
Nominal Amount 
(EUR) 
Public Sector Credit Pool 
 
10,99
769 259 710,07 
Other Assets2 (cash, deposits and securities) 
 
1,09
55 989 391,10 
Cash and deposits 
 
0,01
43 989 391,10 
Other securities 
 
5,05
12 000 000,00 
Total Cover Pool 
 
10,32
825 249 101,17 
Current overcollateralisation3 (%) 
  
  
  
  
  
  
37,54% 
Committed overcollateralisation (%) 
  
  
  
  
  
  
7,00%

--- Page 208 ---
208 
Required overcollateralisation (Moody's) (%) 
  
  
  
 
9,00% 
Legal minimum overcollateralisation (%) 
  
  
  
  
  
5,00% 
 
 
4. Other Triggers 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Net Present Value of Assets (incl. derivatives)4 
747 966 621,38 
Net Present Value of Liabilities (incl. derivatives)4 
618 856 198,45 
Net Present Value of Assets (incl. derivatives) - Net Present Value of Liabilities (incl. derivatives) >=0 
OK 
Net Present Value of Assets (incl. derivatives) - Net Present Value of Liabilities (incl. derivatives) >=0 (stress of +200 bps)
OK 
Net Present Value of Assets (incl. derivatives) - Net Present Value of Liabilities (incl. derivatives) >=0 (stress of -200 bps) 
OK 
Other Assets <= 20% (Credit Pool + Other Assets) 
OK 
Deposits with a remaining term > 100 days <= 15% Covered Bonds Nominal 
OK 
Estimated Interest from Public Sector Credit and Other Assets - Estimated Interest from Covered Bonds >= 0  
OK 
Public Sector Credit + Other Assets WA Remaining Term - Covered Bonds WA Remaining Term >= 0  
  
OK 
 
 
5. Currency Exposure 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Cover Pool includes: 
 
 
Assets in a currency different than Euro (yes/no) 
 
No 
Liabilities in a currency different than Euro (yes/no) 
 
No 
Cross currency swaps (yes/no) 
 
No 
Currency Exposure Detail 
  
  
  
  
  
n/a 
 
 
6. Public Sector Credit Pool 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Main Characteristics 
Number of loans 
528 
Original principal balance (EUR) 
1 390 550 340,90 
Current principal balance (EUR) 
769 259 710,07 
Average original principal balance per loan (EUR) 
2 633 618,07 
Average current principal balance per loan (EUR) 
1 456 931,27 
Current principal balance of the 5 largest borrowers (EUR) 
215 783 720,91 
Weight of the 5 largest borrowers (current principal balance) (%) 
28,05% 
Current principal balance of the 10 largest borrowers (EUR) 
315 485 725,80 
Weight of the 10 largest borrowers (current principal balance) (%) 
41,01%

--- Page 209 ---
209 
Weighted average seasoning (months) 
82 
Weighted average remaining term (months) 
132 
Weighted average interest rate (%) 
4,64% 
Weighted average spread (%) 
1,05% 
Max maturity date (YYYY-MM-DD) 
12/05/2048 
Interest Rate Type 
  
  
  
Number of 
Loans 
Number of 
Loans (%) 
Loan Amount 
(EUR) 
Loan Amount (%) 
Fixed 
29
5,49%
80 090 190,01
10,41% 
Floating 
  
  
  
499
94,51%
689 169 520,06
89,59% 
Repayment Type 
  
  
 
Number of 
Loans
Number of 
Loans (%)
Loan Amount 
(EUR)
Loan Amount (%) 
Annuity / French 
242
45,83%
154 059 380,08
20,03% 
Bullet 
1
0,19%
10 000 000,00
1,30% 
Increasing instalments 
0
0,00%
0,00
0,00% 
Interest-only 
0
0,00%
0,00
0,00% 
Linear 
0
0,00%
0,00
0,00% 
Other 
  
  
  
285
53,98%
605 200 329,99
78,67% 
 
 
 
 
 
6. Public Sector Credit Pool (continued) 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Seasoning 
  
  
  
Number of 
Loans
Number of 
Loans (%)
Loan Amount 
(EUR)
Loan Amount (%) 
Up to 3 months 
0
0,00%
0,00
0,00% 
3 - 6 months 
0
0,00%
0,00
0,00% 
6 - 9 months 
4
0,76%
3 826 500,05
0,50% 
9 - 12 months 
4
0,76%
3 201 911,61
0,42% 
12 - 18 months 
6
1,14%
11 441 849,65
1,49% 
18 - 24 months 
19
3,60%
70 718 449,74
9,19% 
24 - 36 months 
28
5,30%
84 778 081,64
11,02% 
36 - 48 months 
40
7,58%
71 521 206,26
9,30% 
48 - 60 months 
52
9,85%
112 759 106,23
14,66% 
More than 60 months 
  
  
  
375
71,02%
411 012 604,89
53,43% 
Remaining Term 
 
 
 
Number of 
Loans
Number of 
Loans (%)
Loan Amount 
(EUR)
Loan Amount (%) 
Up to 3 months 
14
2,65%
391 523,31
0,05%

--- Page 210 ---
210 
3 - 6 months 
15
2,84%
1 219 200,74
0,16% 
6 - 12 months 
24
4,55%
7 329 237,82
0,95% 
12 - 18 months 
25
4,73%
9 704 716,18
1,26% 
18 - 24 months 
20
3,79%
7 039 949,33
0,92% 
24 - 36 months 
60
11,36%
25 343 088,54
3,29% 
36 - 48 months 
50
9,47%
48 606 310,22
6,32% 
48 - 60 months 
30
5,68%
24 907 514,39
3,24% 
60 - 72 months 
46
8,71%
32 488 835,01
4,22% 
72 - 84 months 
47
8,90%
82 995 028,44
10,79% 
84 - 96 months 
24
4,55%
32 320 740,58
4,20% 
96 - 108 months 
18
3,41%
43 776 277,37
5,69% 
108 - 120 months 
14
2,65%
36 421 617,07
4,73% 
More than 120 months 
  
  
  
141
26,70%
416 715 671,07
54,17% 
Debtor Type 
 
 
 
Number of 
Loans 
Number of 
Loans (%) 
Loan Amount 
(EUR) 
Loan Amount (%) 
Autonomous Regions 
7
1,33%
56 629 995,87
7,36% 
Municipalities 
520
98,48%
642 174 843,92
83,48% 
State Guarantee 
1
0,19%
70 454 870,28
9,16% 
Debtor Rating5 
  
  
  
Number of 
Loans
Number of 
Loans (%)
Loan Amount 
(EUR)
Loan Amount (%) 
A3 
1
0,19%
70 454 870,28
9,16% 
Ba1 
7
1,33%
56 629 995,87
7,36% 
Without Rating 
520
98,48%
642 174 843,92
83,48% 
Geographical Distribution 
  
  
  
Number of 
Loans
Number of 
Loans (%)
Loan Amount 
(EUR)
Loan Amount (%) 
Portugal 
528
100,00%
769 259 710,07
100,00% 
Lisboa 
46
8,71%
252 585 995
32,83% 
Centro 
209
39,58%
188 029 023
24,44% 
Norte 
138
26,14%
155 528 944
20,22% 
Alentejo 
83
15,72%
71 018 579
9,23% 
Região Autónoma dos Açores 
17
3,22%
46 269 131
6,01% 
Algarve 
28
5,30%
29 813 200
3,88% 
Região Autónoma da Madeira 
  
  
  
7
1,33%
26 014 838
3,38%

--- Page 211 ---
211 
Delinquencies6 
 
 
 
Number of 
Loans 
Number of 
Loans (%) 
Loan Amount 
(EUR) 
Loan Amount (%) 
> 30 to 60 days 
0
0,00%
0,00
0,00% 
> 60 to 90 days 
0
0,00%
0,00
0,00% 
> 90 days 
  
  
  
0
0,00%
0,00
0,00% 
Projected Outstanding Amounta 
 
 
 
 
 
Amortisation 
Profile 
 
 
Date 
Principal Balance 
(EUR) 
Jun/24 
825 249 101,17 
Jun/25 
674 008 515,42 
Jun/26 
580 722 069,11 
Jun/27 
487 559 894,20 
Jun/28 
411 398 435,47 
Jun/29 
348 990 689,30 
Jun/30 
279 247 139,00 
Jun/31 
233 974 533,81 
Jun/32 
195 057 080,55 
Jun/33 
161 658 728,79 
Jun/34 
132 472 352,95 
Jun/35 
106 111 317,11 
Jun/36 
83 776 950,26 
Jun/37 
62 992 713,52 
Jun/38 
44 522 153,17 
Jun/39 
28 712 390,32 
Jun/40 
17 322 823,07 
Jun/45 
31 759,30 
Jun/50 
0,00 
aIncludes public sector credit pool and other assets; assumes no prepayments (constant 
prepayment rate of 0%)
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
7. Expected Maturity Structure 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
In EUR 
0-1 year 
1-2 years 
2-3 years 
3-4 years 
4-5 years 
5-10 years 
>10 years 
Public Sector Creditb 
107 251 194,65
93 286 446,31
93 162 174,91 
76 161 458,73
62 407 746,17
204 518 336,35
132 472 352,95

--- Page 212 ---
212 
Other Assets 
43 989 391,10
0,00
0,00 
0,00
0,00
12 000 000,00
0,00 
Total Cover Pool 
151 240 585,75
93 286 446,31
93 162 174,91 
76 161 458,73
62 407 746,17
216 518 336,35
132 472 352,95 
Total Covered Bonds 
0,00
0,00
0,00 
450 000 000,00
0,00
150 000 000,00
0,00 
bAssumes no prepayments (constant prepayment rate of 0%)
 
 
  
 
 
 
8. Derivative Financial Instruments 
  
  
  
  
  
  
Nominal Amount 
(EUR)
Total amount 
  
  
  
  
  
  
0,00 
Interest Rate Swaps 
 
0,00 
Fixed to floating swaps 
 
0,00 
Interest basis swaps 
 
0,00 
Currency Swaps 
  
  
  
  
  
 
0,00 
 
 
9. Contacts 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Banco BPI - Financial Department - Debt Capital 
Markets 
 
 
debtcapitalmarkets@bancobpi.pt 
Other Reports on Banco BPI's website 
https://www.bancobpi.pt/en/bpi-group/investor-relations/public-sector-bond-programme 
ECBC Label website 
  
  
https://coveredbondlabel.com 
 
Notes 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
1. Soft Bullet Date (Extended Maturity) 
 
If the covered bonds are not redeemed on the relevant maturity date, the maturity will automatically be extended on a monthly basis up to one year. In that event, the covered bonds can be 
redeemed in whole or in part on a monthly basis up to and including the Extended Maturity Date. 
 
 
2. Other Assets 
 
 
 
 
 
 
In addition to public sector loans, other assets (or substitution assets) may be included in the cover pool up to an amount equal to 20% of the cover pool, subject to the following eligibility 
criteria: 
- Deposit with the Bank of Portugal in cash or ECB eligible securities or 
- Deposits held with credit institutions rated at least A-.
  
 
3. Overcollateralisation 
 
The overcollateralisation ratios are calculated by dividing (i) the total nominal outstanding balance of the assets included in the cover pool by (ii) the total nominal amount of the covered 
bonds (both excluding accrued interest). For clarification purposes, all assets included in the covered pool are eligible assets. 
Required overcollateralisation is the minimum overcollateralisation necessary to keep the current Public Sector Covered Bond Programme rating.

--- Page 213 ---
213 
4. Net Present Value (NPV) 
 
The NPV of Assets and Liabilities is obtained by discounting all known future cash flows with:  
- the Euro money market curve, for cash flows up to 1 year; 
- the Euro swap curve, for cash flows after 1 year. 
Other Assets and derivatives are considered at market value. 
NPV is also calculated considering a 200 bps shift (upwards and downwards) of the discounting curves. 
 
 
5. Debtor Rating 
 
For debtors with more than one external rating, the composite rating is considered. The composite rating is the average of the 
ratings assigned to a debtor by Fitch, Moody's and/or S&P.
 
 
 
 
 
6. Delinquencies 
 
A loan is considered to be delinquent if any payment is in arrears by more than 30 days. According to the Portuguese covered bonds legislation, any loan which is in arrears by more than 
90 days must be removed from the pool and substituted by another loan which fulfils the eligibility criteria. Therefore, there are no NPL's included in the cover pool.

--- Page 214 ---
214 
 
Language 
The language of this Base Prospectus is English. Certain legislative references and technical terms have 
been cited in their original language in order that the correct technical meaning may be ascribed to them 
under applicable law.

--- Page 215 ---
215 
 
 
DEFINITIONS 
In this Base Prospectus, the following defined terms have the meanings set out below: 
“Acceleration Notice” means a notice served on the Issuer pursuant to Condition 9 (Insolvency Event and 
Enforcement). 
“Adjustment Spread” means either a spread (which may be positive, negative or zero), or the formula or 
methodology for calculating a spread, which the Issuer (following consultation with the Independent 
Adviser (if any)), acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, determines is required to 
be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) to reduce or eliminate, to the 
extent reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as the case may be) 
to holders of Public Sector Covered Bonds as a result of the replacement of the Original Reference Rate 
with the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and is the spread, formula or 
methodology which: (1) in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended in relation to the 
replacement of the Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body; or 
(if no such recommendation has been made, or in the case of an Alternative Rate); (2) the Issuer, following 
consultation with the Independent Adviser and acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner, determines, is recognised or acknowledged as being the industry standard for over-the-counter 
derivative transactions which reference the Original Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced by 
the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be); (or if the Issuer determines that no such 
industry standard is recognised or acknowledged); (3) the Issuer, in its discretion, following consultation 
with the Independent Adviser and acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, determines 
to be appropriate. 
“Affiliate Member of Interbolsa” means any authorised financial intermediary entitled to hold control 
accounts with Interbolsa on behalf of their customers and includes any depository banks appointed by 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg for the purpose of holding accounts on behalf of Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
“Agency and Payments Procedures” means the set of agency and payments procedures (such agency and 
payments procedures as amended and/or supplemented and/or restated) dated 19 June 2008 and made and 
agreed by Banco BPI, S.A. (acting in its capacity as Agent, which expression shall include any successor) 
and by any subsequent agent, paying agent, transfer agent and/or agent bank appointed by the Issuer, as 
amended.

--- Page 216 ---
216 
“Agent” means Banco BPI, S.A., with head office at Avenida da Boavista, no. 1117, 4100-129, Porto, 
Portugal, or any successor Agent(s), in each case together with any additional Agent(s), appointed from 
time to time by the Issuer in connection with the Public Sector Covered Bonds and under the Agency and 
Payment Procedures.  
“Alternative Rate” means an alternative benchmark or screen rate which the Issuer following consultation 
with the Independent Adviser and acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, determines 
in accordance with Condition 4.5(B) of the Terms and Conditions is customary in market usage in the 
international debt capital markets for the purposes of determining floating rates of interest (or the relevant 
component part thereof) in the same Specified Currency as the Public Sector Covered Bonds. 
“Arranger” means Banco BPI, S.A., with head office at Avenida da Boavista, no. 1117, 4100-129, Porto. 
“Base Prospectus” means this base prospectus dated 24 October 2024, prepared in connection with the 
Programme. 
“Benchmark Amendments” has the meaning given to it in Condition 4.5(D) of the Terms and Conditions.  
“Benchmark Event” means:  
(1) the Original Reference Rate ceasing to exist or ceasing to be published for a period of at least 5 Business 
Days in relation to a Rate of Interest of Floating Rate; or  
(2) a public statement by the administrator of the Original Reference Rate that it will, by a specified date 
within the following six months, cease publishing the Original Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely 
(in circumstances where no successor administrator has been appointed that will continue publication of the 
Original Reference Rate); or 
(3) a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference Rate, that the Original 
Reference Rate has been or will, by a specified date within the following six months, be permanently or 
indefinitely discontinued; or  
(4) a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference Rate as a consequence 
of which the Original Reference Rate will be prohibited from being used either generally, or in respect of 
the Public Sector Covered Bonds, in each case within the following six months; or  
(5) it has become unlawful for the Paying Agent, Calculation Agent, the Issuer or other party to calculate 
any payments due to be made to any holder of Public Sector Covered Bonds using the Original Reference 
Rate, the occurrence of any such events (1) to (5) above to be determined by the Issuer.

--- Page 217 ---
217 
“BPI” means Banco BPI, S.A., with head office at Avenida da Boavista, no. 1117, 4100-129, Porto. 
“BPI Group” means the Issuer and its subsidiaries. 
“BRRD” means Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council, of 15 May 2014, 
establishing a framework for the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and investment firms, as 
amended. 
“Business Day” means a day which is both: (i) a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange 
markets settle payments and are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and 
foreign currency deposits) in London and Lisbon and any Additional Business Centre(s) specified in the 
applicable Final Terms; and (ii) either (1) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than 
euro, a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the principal 
financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified Currency (if other than London and Lisbon and any 
Additional Business Centre(s)) and which if the Specified Currency is Australian dollars shall be Sydney or 
(2) in relation to any sum payable in euro, a day on which the T2 is open. 
“Calculation Agent” except if and where defined otherwise in this Base Prospectus, has the meaning 
ascribed to it in the Final Terms. 
“Central de Valores Mobiliários” means the Portuguese Centralised System of Registration of Securities. 
“CET1” means Common Equity Tier 1. 
“CGD” means Caixa Geral de Depósitos, S.A. 
“Clearing System” means Interbolsa. 
“Clearstream, Luxembourg” means Clearstream Banking, S.A.. 
“CMVM” means the Comissão do Mercado de Valores Mobiliários, the Portuguese Securities Market 
Commission. 
“CMVM Regulation” means CMVM Regulation No. 2/2023 regarding covered bonds and public sector 
covered bonds. 
“Common Representative” means Bondholders, S.L., in its capacity as representative of the holders of the 
Public Sector Covered Bonds pursuant to Article 28 of the Legal Regime of Public Sector Covered Bonds

--- Page 218 ---
218 
and in accordance with the Terms and Conditions and the terms of the Common Representative 
Appointment Agreement, with its head office at Avenida de Francia, 17, A, 1, 46023 Valencia, Spain. 
“Common Representative Appointment Agreement” means the agreement dated 28 December 2020 
entered into between the Issuer and the Common Representative and which sets out the terms and conditions 
upon and subject to which the Common Representative has agreed to act as Common Representative, as 
amended and restated on 24 October 2024, and as may be further amended and restated. 
“Condition” means a reference to a particular numbered condition set out in the “Terms and Conditions of 
the Public Sector Covered Bonds. 
“Cover Pool” means the pool of assets maintained by the Issuer and allocated to the issue of Public Sector 
Covered Bonds under the Programme, held to the benefit of the holders of Public Sector Covered Bonds 
and the Other Preferred Creditors, and which comprises the Primary Assets, the Substitution Assets and the 
Liquidity Assets, as specified in the Register. 
“Cover Pool Monitor” means Deloitte & Associados, SROC, S.A., member of the Portuguese Institute of 
Statutory Auditors (Ordem dos Revisores Oficiais de Contas) under the number 43, registered with the 
CMVM under registration number 20161389, with its head office at Avenida Engenheiro Duarte Pacheco, 
7, 1070-100 Lisbon, Portugal. 
“Cover Pool Monitor Agreement” means the agreement dated 12 October 2023 entered into by and 
between the Issuer and the Cover Pool Monitor, as amended and restated on 24 October 2024, and as may 
be further amended and restated. 
“CRA Regulation” means Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 of the European Parliament and of the Council 
of 16 September, as amended. 
“CRD IV” means Directive 2013/36/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June, on 
access to the activity of credit institutions and the prudential supervision of credit institutions and investment 
firms, as amended. 
“CRD IV/CRR” means the CRD IV and CRR, taken together, any future regulation thereto and any 
implementing legislation in Portugal. 
“CRR” means Regulation (EU) No. 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 
2013, on prudential requirements for credit institutions and amending Regulation (EU) No. 648/2012, as 
amended, including by Regulation (EU) No. 2019/2160 of the European Parliament and of the Council of

--- Page 219 ---
219 
27 November 2019 amending Regulation (EU) No. 575/2013 as regards exposures in the form of covered 
bonds. 
“CSD” means a central securities depository. 
“Day Count Fraction” means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest for any Interest Period:  
(i) 
if “Actual/Actual (ICMA)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days 
in the Interest Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that Interest Period falls in a leap year, 
the sum of (A) the actual number of days in that portion of the Interest Period falling in a leap year 
divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of days in that portion of the Interest Period falling in a 
non-leap year divided by 365); 
(ii) 
if “Actual/Actual (ISDA)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in 
the Interest Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that Interest Period falls in a leap year, the 
sum of (I) the actual number of days in that portion of the Interest Period falling in a leap year 
divided by 366 and (II) the actual number of days in that portion of the Interest Period falling in a 
non-leap year divided by 365); 
(iii) 
if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in the 
Interest Period divided by 365; 
(iv) 
if “Actual/365 (Sterling)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in 
the Interest Period divided by 365 or, in the case of an Interest Payment Date falling in a leap year, 
366; 
(v) 
if “Actual/360” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in the Interest 
Period divided by 360; 
(vi) 
if “30/360”, “360/360” or “Bond Basis” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of 
days in the Interest Period divided by 360 calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
          
          
          
          
          
360
  
          
)
D
-
  
(D
 
 
)]
M
 - 
(M
 x 
[30
 
 
)]
Y
 - 
(Y
 x 
[360
1
2
1
2
1
2
+
+

--- Page 220 ---
220 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day of the Interest Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such 
number is 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, 
in which case D2 will be 30; 
(vii) 
if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days 
in the Interest Period divided by 360 calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day of the Interest Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 
30; and 
          
          
          
          
          
360
  
          
)
D
-
  
(D
 
 
)]
M
 - 
(M
 x 
[30
 
 
)]
Y
 - 
(Y
 x 
[360
1
2
1
2
1
2
+
+

--- Page 221 ---
221 
(viii) 
if “30E/360 (ISDA)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the Interest 
Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows:  
Day Count Fraction = 
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day of the Interest Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless (i) that 
day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 
30; and 
" D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Interest Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the 
Maturity Date or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30. 
“DBRS” means DBRS Ratings GmbH, which is established in the EEA and registered under the CRA 
Regulation and is, as of the date of this Base Prospectus, included in the list of credit rating agencies 
published by the ESMA on its website in accordance with the CRA Regulation , or any of its affiliates or 
successor. 
“Dealer” means Banco BPI, S.A., with head office at Avenida da Boavista, 1117, 4100-129 Porto, Portugal, 
and any other Dealer(s) appointed from time to time by the Issuer in accordance with the Programme 
Agreement and excludes any entity whose appointment has been terminated pursuant to the Programme 
Agreement. 
“Determination Period” means each period from (and including) a Determination Date to (but excluding) 
the next Determination Date (including, where either the Interest Commencement Date or the final Interest 
          
          
          
          
          
360
  
          
)
D
-
  
(D
 
 
)]
M
 - 
(M
 x 
[30
 
 
)]
Y
 - 
(Y
 x 
[360
1
2
1
2
1
2
+
+

--- Page 222 ---
222 
Payment Date is not a Determination Date, the period commencing on the first Determination Date prior to, 
and ending on the first Determination Date falling after, such date). 
“EBA” means the European Banking Authority. 
“EC” means the European Commission. 
“ECB” means the European Central Bank. 
“EEA” means the European Economic Area. 
“ESMA” means the European Securities and Markets Authority. 
“EU” means the European Union. 
“EURIBOR” means the Euro Interbank Offered Rate. 
“Euro”, “€” or “euro” means the lawful currency of Member States of the European Union that adopt the 
single currency introduced at the start of the third stage of the European economic and monetary union, and 
as defined in Council Regulation (EC) No. 974/98, of 3 May 1998, on the introduction of the euro, as 
amended. 
“Euroclear” means Euroclear Bank SA/NV.  
“Euronext Lisbon” means the regulated market managed by Euronext Lisbon – Sociedade Gestora de 
Mercados Regulamentados, S.A. 
“Eurosystem” means the monetary authority which comprises the ECB and the national central banks of 
the EU Member States whose currency is the Euro. 
“Extended Maturity Date” means the date so specified in the applicable Final Terms, extending the 
maturity of the relevant Series of Public Sector Covered Bonds if the conditions foreseen in Condition 6.7 
(Extension of Maturity up to Extended Maturity Date) are met. 
“Extension Cessation Date” has the meaning given in Condition 6.7(F) of the Terms and Conditions. 
“Extension Legal Requirements” means the legal requirements applicable to an extension of maturity of 
public sector covered bonds, as foreseen in Articles 21(1) and (2) of the Legal Regime of Public Sector 
Covered Bonds. 
“Final Terms” means the final terms issued in relation to each Tranche of Public Sector Covered Bonds 
and giving details of that Tranche of Public Sector Covered Bonds and, in relation to any particular Tranche

--- Page 223 ---
223 
of Public Sector Covered Bonds, applicable Final Terms means the Final Terms applicable to that Tranche 
of Public Sector Covered Bonds. 
“Fitch” means Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited, which is established in the EEA and registered under the CRA 
Regulation and is, as of the date of this Base Prospectus, included in the list of credit rating agencies 
published by the ESMA on its website in accordance with the CRA Regulation, or any of its affiliates or 
successor.  
“Final Settlement Date” means the date which the financial settlement becomes definitive and irrevocable 
after the Bank of Portugal’s confirmation to Interbolsa. 
“Fixed Interest Period” means the period from (and including) an Interest Payment Date (or the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest Payment Date. 
“GDP” means gross domestic product. 
“Hedge Counterparties” means the party or parties that, from time to time, will enter into Hedging 
Contracts with the Issuer in accordance with the Legal Regime of Public Sector Covered Bonds (and the 
relevant terms of Article 129 of the CRR). 
“Hedging Contracts” means the hedging contracts entered into by the Issuer in accordance with the Legal 
Regime of Public Sector Covered Bonds for the purpose of hedging risks in relation to the Cover Pool. 
“Independent Adviser” means an independent financial institution of international repute or another 
independent financial adviser with appropriate expertise in the international capital markets, in each case 
selected and appointed by the Issuer under Condition 4.5(A) of the Terms and Conditions.  
“Insolvency Event” means the winding-up and dissolution of the Issuer under any applicable laws and 
regulations (including under Decree-Law no. 199/2006, of 25 October 2006, as amended, RGICSF and/or 
(if applicable) under the Code for the Insolvency and Recovery of Companies introduced by Decree-Law 
no. 53/2004, of 18 March 2004, as amended). 
“Interbolsa” means Interbolsa – Sociedade Gestora de Sistemas de Liquidação e de Sistemas Centralizados 
de Valores Mobiliários, S.A. as management entity of the Central de Valores Mobiliários. 
“Interest Amount” means, as applicable, the amount of interest payable on the Floating Rate Public Sector 
Covered Bonds in respect of each Specified Denomination, calculated by the Calculation Agent pursuant to 
Condition 4 (Interest). 
“ISDA” means the International Swaps and Derivatives Association Inc.

--- Page 224 ---
224 
“Issue Date” means the date so specified in the applicable Final Terms being, in respect of any Public Sector 
Covered Bond, the date of issue and purchase of such Public Sector Covered Bond pursuant to and in 
accordance with the Programme Agreement or any other agreement between the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer(s). 
“Issuer” means Banco BPI, S.A.. 
“Legal Regime of Public Sector Covered Bonds” means the Portuguese legal regime applicable to the 
issuance of public sector covered bonds, annexed to Decree-Law no. 31/2022, of 6 May (transposing 
Directive (EU) 2019/2162 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 November 2019 on the issue 
of covered bonds and public sector covered bonds and their public supervision and amending Directives 
2009/65/EC and 2014/59/EU), as amended. 
“Liquidity Assets” means the assets which may compose the Liquidity Buffer in accordance with the Legal 
Regime of Public Sector Covered Bonds, as described below:  
a) 
Assets qualifying as level 1, level 2A or level 2B assets pursuant to the applicable delegated regulation 
adopted pursuant to Article 460 of the CRR, that are valued in accordance with such regulation, and 
are not issued by the issuing credit institution itself, its parent undertaking, unless it is a public sector 
entity that is not a credit institution, its subsidiary or another subsidiary of its parent undertaking or 
by a securitisation special purpose entity with which the credit institution has close links; and 
b) 
Short-term exposures to credit institutions that qualify for credit quality step 1 or 2 (as defined in the 
CRR), or claims, including deposits, that are short-term to credit institutions that qualify for credit 
quality step 1, 2 or 3 (as defined in the CRR), in accordance with Article 129(1)(c) of the CRR, 
provided that any such assets comply with any applicable requirements under paragraph (A) (Eligible 
Assets) of Condition 14.3 (Issuer Covenants), subject to Condition 14.1(iii). 
For the avoidance of doubt, and provided that the requirements under b) above are met, the assets under b) 
above can include short term deposits held with the Bank of Portugal or the Issuer, segregated and allocated 
to the Cover Pool as part of the Liquidity Assets.  
“Liquidity Buffer” means the liquidity buffer included in the Cover Pool in accordance with Article 19 of 
the Legal Regime of Public Sector Covered Bonds and Condition 14.2 (Liquidity Buffer). 
“Margin” means the margin specified as such in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 225 ---
225 
“Maturity Date” means the maturity date of any outstanding Public Sector Covered Bonds, Public Sector 
Credits, Hedging Contracts or Other Assets, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Moody's” means Moody's Italia S.r.l. and Moody’s Investors Service España, S.A., which are established 
in the EEA and registered under the CRA Regulation and are, as of the date of this Base Prospectus, included 
in the list of credit rating agencies published by the ESMA on its website in accordance with the CRA 
Regulation, or any of its affiliates or successor. 
“Net Liquidity Outflows” means all payment outflows falling due on one day, including principal (if 
applicable, as it will only be considered due for this purposes on the relevant Extended Maturity Date in 
accordance with Condition 14.2 (Liquidity Buffer)) and interest payments under the Public Sector Covered 
Bonds and payments under the Hedging Contracts, net of all payment inflows falling due on the same day 
for assets in the Cover Pool. 
“Non-Performing Public Sector Credits” means, with respect to a Public Sector Credit, that such Public 
Sector Credit: 
(a) 
is in the course of being foreclosed or otherwise enforced; or 
(b) 
has one or more payments of principal or interest past due for more than 90 days. 
“Original Reference Rate” means the originally-specified benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) used 
to determine the Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof), as applicable, on the Public Sector 
Covered Bonds. 
“OECD” means the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development. 
“Other Assets” means all assets other than Public Sector Credits and Hedging Contracts which comply 
with the eligibility criteria established in the CRR and which are included in the Cover Pool as specified in 
the Register, including: 
(a) 
the assets described above under the section “Public Sector Credits Eligibility Criteria” if they are not 
deemed to be Primary; 
(b) 
deposits with the Bank of Portugal, in cash or securities eligible for lending operations; 
(c) 
current or term account deposits with credit institutions (located in the EEA which are not in a control 
or group relationship with the Issuer); and

--- Page 226 ---
226 
(c) 
any other assets located in the EEA complying simultaneously with low risk and high liquidity 
requirements. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Other Assets do not include any cash collateral that may be transferred under 
the Hedging Contracts. 
“Other Preferred Creditors” means the Hedge Counterparties. 
“Overcollateralisation Percentage” has the meaning given to it in Condition 14.1 (Maintenance of 
Overcollateralisation) of the Terms and Conditions. 
“Paying Agent” means Banco BPI, S.A., with head office at Avenida da Boavista, 1117, 4100-129 Porto, 
Portugal. 
“Paying Agents” means the paying agents named in the Agency and Payments Procedures together with 
any successor or additional paying agents appointed from time to time in connection with the Public Sector 
Covered Bonds under the Agency and Payments Procedures. 
“Portuguese Companies Code” means the commercial companies code approved by Decree-Law no. 
262/86, of 2 September, as amended from time to time. 
“Portuguese Resolution Fund” means the Portuguese resolution fund, as created by Decree-Law no. 31-
A/2012, of 10 February. 
“Portuguese Securities Code” means Decree-Law no. 486/99, of 13 November, as amended from time to 
time. 
“Primary Assets” means the dominant cover assets that determine the nature of a cover pool of public 
sector covered bonds, under the Legal Regime of Public Sector Covered Bonds. In particular in respect of 
the Cover Pool, the Primary Assets are Public Sector Credits, corresponding to the type of assets foreseen 
in Article 129(1), paragraphs (a) and (b) of the CRR. 
“Principal Amount Outstanding” means in respect of a Public Sector Bond the principal amount of that 
Public Sector Bond on the relevant Issue Date thereof less principal amounts received by the relevant holder 
of Public Sector Covered Bonds in respect thereof. 
“Programme” means the €2,000,000,000 Public Sector Covered Bonds programme established on 19 June, 
2008 for the issuance of Public Sector Covered Bonds by the Issuer as described in this Base Prospectus, as 
converted on 12 October 2023 for the issuance of “European Covered Bond (Premium)” in compliance with 
the Legal Regime of Public Sector Covered Bonds, and as updated from time to time.

--- Page 227 ---
227 
“Programme Agreement” means the agreement dated 19 June 2008 entered into between the Issuer and 
the Dealers, as amended and restated from time to time. 
“Programme Documents” means the Base Prospectus, the Programme Agreement, the Agency and 
Payments Procedures, the Common Representative Appointment Agreement, the Cover Pool Monitor 
Agreement and any other agreement or document entered into from time to time by the Issuer pursuant 
thereto and in relation to the Programme. 
“Programme Resolution” means any Resolution directing the Common Representative to accelerate the 
Public Sector Covered Bonds pursuant to Condition 9 (Insolvency Event and Enforcement) or directing the 
Common Representative to take any enforcement action and which shall only be capable of being passed at 
a single meeting of the holders of Public Sector Covered Bonds of all Series then outstanding. 
“Prospectus Regulation” means Regulation (EU) No. 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 14 June 2017 on the prospectus to be published when securities are offered to the public or 
admitted to trading on a regulated market, and repealing Directive 2003/71/EC, as amended. 
“Public Sector Covered Bond” means any public sector covered bond issued by the Issuer pursuant to the 
Legal Regime of Public Sector Covered Bonds in the form specified in the applicable Final Terms and 
“Public Sector Covered Bonds” shall be construed accordingly. 
“Public Sector Covered Bonds Law” means the Portuguese legal framework applicable to the issuance of 
covered bonds and public sector covered bonds, enacted by Decree-Law no. 59/2006, of 20 March, as 
amended, which has been revoked by Decree-Law no. 31/2022, of 6 May. 
“Public Sector Credit” means the credit receivables over the central administrations, regional or local 
authorities of any EU Member State as well as receivables benefiting from an express and legally binding 
guarantee issued by any of such entities which are comprised in the Cover Pool, in accordance with Article 
129(1)(a) and 129(1)(b) of the CRR. 
“Rating” means the then current rating of rated Public Sector Covered Bonds given by the relevant Rating 
Agency and “Ratings” means all of such Ratings.  
“Rating Agencies” means DBRS, Fitch and Moody’s, which are established in the EEA and registered 
under the CRA Regulation, and which are, as at the date of this Base Prospectus, included in the list of credit 
rating agencies published by the ESMA on its website in accordance with the CRA Regulation. 
“Reference Banks” means those banks whose offered rates were used to determine such quotation when

--- Page 228 ---
228 
such quotation last appeared on the Relevant Screen Page or, if applicable, those banks whose offered 
quotations last appeared on the Relevant Screen Page when no fewer than three such offered quotations 
appeared. 
“Reference Price” means the reference price appearing in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Register” means the register of the Cover Pool and associated collateral maintained by the Issuer in 
accordance with the Legal Regime of Public Sector Covered Bonds and the CMVM Regulation; 
“Registered Public Sector Covered Bond” means any Public Sector Covered Bond in registered form. 
“Regulation S” means the United States Regulation S under the US Securities Act. 
“Relevant Date” means the date on which a payment first becomes due, except that, if the full amount of 
the moneys payable has not been duly received by the Agent on or prior to such due date, it means the date 
on which, the full amount of such moneys having been so received, notice to that effect is duly given to the 
holders of Public Sector Covered Bonds in accordance with Condition 11 (Notices). 
“Relevant Nominating Body” means, in respect of a benchmark or screen rate (as applicable):  
(1) the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) relates, or any 
central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator of the 
benchmark or screen rate (as applicable); or  
(2) any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted at the request of 
(a) the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) relates, (b) any 
central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator of the 
benchmark or screen rate (as applicable), (c) a group of the aforementioned central banks or other 
supervisory authorities or (d) the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof. 
“Relevant Screen Page” has the meaning ascribed to it in the Final Terms. 
“Reserved Matter” means any proposal: (i) to change any date fixed for payment of principal or interest in 
respect of the Public Sector Covered Bonds of all or of a given Series, (ii) to reduce the amount of principal 
or interest due on any date in respect of the Public Sector Covered Bonds of all or of a given Series or to 
alter the method of calculating the amount of any payment in respect of the Public Sector Covered Bonds 
of all or of a given Series on redemption or maturity; (iii) to effect the exchange, substitution or conversion 
of the Public Sector Covered Bonds of all or of a given Series into shares, bonds or other obligations or 
securities of the Issuer or any other person or body corporate formed or to be formed; (iv) to change the

--- Page 229 ---
229 
currency in which amounts due in respect of the Public Sector Covered Bonds of all or of a given Series are 
payable; (v) to alter the priority of payment of interest or principal in respect of the Public Sector Covered 
Bonds of all or of a given Series; (vi) any other provided for pursuant to Portuguese law; or (vii) to amend 
this definition. 
“Resolution” means a resolution adopted at a duly convened meeting of holders of Public Sector Covered 
Bonds and approved in accordance with the applicable provisions. 
“RGICSF” means the General Regime for Credit Institutions and Financial Companies, as enacted by 
Decree-Law no. 298/92, of 31 December 1992, as amended. 
“S&P” means S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited, which is established in the EEA and registered under 
the CRA Regulation and is, as of the date of this Base Prospectus, included in the list of credit rating agencies 
published by the ESMA on its website in accordance with the CRA Regulation, or any of its affiliates or 
successor.  
“Series” means a Tranche of Public Sector Covered Bonds together with any further Tranche or Tranches 
of Public Sector Covered Bonds which are (i) expressed to be consolidated and form a single series and (ii) 
identical in all respects (including as to listing) except for their respective Issue Dates, Interest 
Commencement Dates, interest rates and/or Issue Prices. 
“Single Resolution Board” means the resolution authority within the Banking Union established by the 
SRM Regulation. 
“Single Resolution Mechanism” means the central institution for bank resolution in the EU, which is the 
second pillar of the banking union and which applies to banks covered by the Single Supervisory 
Mechanism. 
“SRM Regulation” means Regulation (EU) No. 806/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council 
of 15 July 2014, establishing uniform rules and a uniform procedure for the resolution of credit institutions 
and certain investment firms in the framework of the Single Resolution Mechanism and the Single 
Resolution Fund and amending Regulation (EU) No. 1093/2010, as amended or replaced from time to time 
(including by SRM Regulation II).  
“SRM Regulation II” means Regulation (EU) No. 2019/877 of the European Parliament and of the Council 
of 20 May 2019 amending Regulation (EU) No. 806/2014 as regards the loss-absorbing and recapitalisation 
capacity of credit institutions and investment firms.

--- Page 230 ---
230 
“SRF” means the Single Resolution Fund, established in accordance with SRM Regulation 
“Stabilisation Manager” means the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the stabilisation manager(s) for a 
particular Tranche of Public Sector Covered Bonds. 
“Stock Exchange” means Euronext Lisbon or any other stock exchange where Public Sector Covered 
Bonds may be listed as per the applicable Final Terms, and references in this Base Prospectus to the 
“relevant Stock Exchange” shall, in relation to any Public Sector Covered Bonds, be references to the 
stock exchange or stock exchanges on which such Public Sector Covered Bonds are from time to time, or 
are intended to be, listed. 
"Substitution Assets" means the cover assets that contribute to the coverage requirements in relation to 
public sector covered bonds other than Primary Assets, under the Legal Regime of Public Sector Covered 
Bonds, provided that they comply with the relevant requirements foreseen in Article 129 of the CRR. 
“sub-unit” means, with respect to any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency that is 
available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, with respect to euro, one cent. 
“Successor Rate” means the rate that the Independent Adviser or, as the case may be, the Issuer determines 
is a successor to or replacement of the Original Reference Rate which is formally recommended by any 
Relevant Nominating Body. 
“T2” means the Trans-European Automated Real-time Gross Settlement Express Transfer Payment System 
which utilises a single shared platform and which was launched on 20 March 2023 (replacing the previous 
settlement payment system, TARGET 2), or any successor or replacement for that system. 
“Tax” shall be construed so as to include any present or future tax, levy, impost, duty, charge, fee, deduction 
or withholding of any nature whatsoever (including any penalty or interest payable in connection with any 
failure to pay or any delay in paying any of the same) imposed or levied by or on behalf of any Tax Authority 
and “Taxes”, “taxation”, “taxable” and comparable expressions shall be construed accordingly. 
“Tax Authority” means any government, state, municipal, local, federal or other fiscal, revenue, customs 
or excise authority, body or official anywhere in the world exercising a fiscal, revenue, customs or excise 
function, including the Portuguese Tax and Customs Authority, the Irish Revenue Commissioners and H.M. 
Revenue and Customs. 
“Tax Deduction” means any deduction or withholding on account of Tax.

--- Page 231 ---
231 
“Terms and Conditions” means in relation to the Public Sector Covered Bonds, the terms and conditions 
applicable to the Public Sector Covered Bonds and any reference to a particular numbered Condition shall 
be construed in relation to the Public Sector Covered Bonds accordingly. 
“Tranche” means Public Sector Covered Bonds which are identical in all respects (including as to listing). 
“Treaty” means the Treaty on the Functioning of the EU, as amended from time to time. 
“Tranche” means Public Sector Covered Bonds which are identical in all respects (including as to listing). 
“U.S.” or “United States” means the United States of America. 
“U.S.$”, “USD” or “U.S. dollars” means United States dollars, the lawful currency of the United States of 
America.

--- Page 232 ---
232 
ANNEX – ALTERNATIVE PERFORMANCE MEASURES 
In addition to the financial information prepared in accordance with the International Financial Reporting 
Standards (IFRS), BPI uses a number of indicators in the analysis of the performance and financial position 
which are classified as Alternative Performance Indicators (APM) in accordance with the guidelines set by 
the European Securities and Markets Authority or ESMA about the disclosure of Alternative Performance 
Measures by entities published on 5 October 2015 (ESMA / 2015/ 1415). These indicators, which were not 
audited, are considered additional disclosures and in no case replace the financial information prepared in 
accordance with the IFRS. In addition, the way the Issuer defined and calculated these indicators may differ 
from the way similar indicators are computed by other companies and may therefore not be comparable. 
The following is a list of alternative performance indicators used by the Issuer, together with a reconciliation 
between certain management indicators and the consolidated financial statements and their notes prepared 
in accordance with IFRS.  
ESMA Guidelines define an APM as a financial measure of historical or future financial performance, 
financial position, or cash flows, other than a financial measure defined or specified in the applicable 
financial reporting framework. The descriptions (including definitions, explanations and reconciliations) of 
all APM’s are set out in the “Alternative Performance Measures” sections of the Issuer’s first half 2024 
Report, 2023 Annual Report and 2022 Annual Report, which are all incorporated by reference into this Base 
Prospectus (see the section titled “Documents Incorporated by Reference”).

--- Page 233 ---
233 
 
REGISTERED OFFICE OF THE ISSUER 
Banco BPI, S.A. 
Avenida da Boavista, 1117 
4100-129 Porto 
Portugal  
 
ARRANGER 
Banco BPI, S.A. 
Avenida da Boavista, 1117 
4100-129 Porto 
Portugal  
 
 
COVER POOL MONITOR 
Deloitte & Associados, SROC, SA  
Avenida Engenheiro Duarte Pacheco, 7  
1070-100 Lisboa 
Portugal 
 
 
DEALER 
Banco BPI, S.A. 
Avenida da Boavista, 1117 
4100-129 Porto  
Portugal  
COMMON REPRESENTATIVE 
Bondholders, S.L. 
Avenida de Francia, 17, A, 1 
46023 Valencia  
Spain 
AGENT  
Banco BPI, S.A. 
Avenida da Boavista, 1117 
4100-129 Porto 
Portugal 
 
AUDITORS 
PricewaterhouseCoopers & Associados –  
Sociedade de Revisores Oficiais de Contas, Lda. 
Palácio SottoMayor, Rua Sousa Martins, 1, 3rd, 
1069-316 Lisbon, 
Portugal 
 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
Vieira de Almeida & Associados Sociedade de 
Advogados, S.P. R.L. 
Rua Dom Luís I, 28 
1200-151 Lisbon 
Portugal