--- Page 1 ---
1 
 
 
OFFERING CIRCULAR 
 
 
 
 
Banco Comercial Português, S.A. 
(Incorporated with limited liability under the laws of Portugal) 
 
 
EUR25,000,000,000 
Euro Note Programme 
_______________________________________________________________________________ 
Arranger 
UBS Investment Bank 
 
Programme Dealers  
 
Banco Santander Totta, S.A. 
Barclays  
BNP PARIBAS  
BofA Securities  
Citigroup  
Commerzbank  
Credit Suisse 
Deutsche Bank 
Goldman Sachs Bank Europe SE 
HSBC 
ING 
IMI – Intesa Sanpaolo 
J.P. Morgan 
Mediobanca – Banca di Credito 
Finanziario S.p.A. 
Millennium Investment Banking 
Morgan Stanley 
NatWest Markets 
Société Générale Corporate & 
Investment Banking 
UniCredit  
 
UBS Investment Bank 
 
 
The date of this Offering Circular is 19 May 2023

--- Page 2 ---
2 
 
This offering circular (the "Offering Circular") replaces and supersedes the Offering Circular dated 
20 May 2022 describing the Programme (as defined below). Any Notes (as defined below) issued under 
the Programme on or after the date of this Offering Circular are issued subject to the provisions 
described herein. This does not affect any Notes already in issue. 
This Offering Circular comprises a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus 
Regulation. When used in this Offering Circular, "Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129, as amended from time to time. 
The Bank (as defined below) accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Offering 
Circular and the Final Terms for each Tranche (as defined below) of Notes issued under the Programme. 
To the best of the knowledge of the Bank the information contained in this Offering Circular is in 
accordance with the facts and does not omit anything likely to affect the import of such information. 
This Offering Circular is to be read in conjunction with all documents which are deemed to be 
incorporated herein by reference (see "Documents Incorporated by Reference" below). This Offering 
Circular shall be read and construed on the basis that such documents are so incorporated and form part 
of this Offering Circular. 
Other than in relation to the documents which are deemed to be incorporated by reference (see 
"Documents Incorporated by Reference" below), the information on the websites to which this Offering 
Circular refers does not form part of this Offering Circular and has not been scrutinised by the Central 
Bank of Ireland (the "Central Bank") . 
No Dealer (as defined below) has separately verified the information contained herein. Accordingly, no 
representation, warranty or undertaking, express or implied, is made and no responsibility is accepted 
by any Dealer as to the accuracy or completeness of the information contained or incorporated by 
reference in this Offering Circular or any other information provided by the Bank in connection with 
the Programme. No Dealer accepts any liability in relation to the information contained or incorporated 
by reference in this Offering Circular or any other information provided by the Bank in connection with 
the Programme. 
None of the Issuer, Arranger, Dealers, nor any of their respective affiliates accepts any responsibility 
for any environmental, social or sustainability assessment of any Notes issued as ESG Notes or makes 
any representation or warranty or gives any assurance as to whether such Notes will meet any investor 
expectations or requirements regarding such "green", "environmental", "sustainable", "social" or similar 
labels. None of the Arranger, Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates have undertaken, nor are they 
responsible for, any assessment of the Eligible Green Assets, Eligible Social Assets or Eligible Green 
and Social Assets (as defined below), any verification of whether the Eligible Green Assets, Eligible 
Social Assets or Eligible Green and Social Assets meet any eligibility criteria set out in the ESG 
Framework (as defined below) nor are they responsible for the use of proceeds (or amounts equal 
thereto) for any Notes issued as ESG Notes, nor the impact or monitoring of such use of proceeds or 
the allocation of the proceeds to particular Eligible Green Assets, Eligible Social Assets or Eligible 
Green and Social Assets. The ESG Framework, the Second Party Opinion (as defined below) will be 
available 
on 
the 
Issuer’s 
website 
at 
https://ind.millenniumbcp.pt/en/Institucional/investidores/Pages/ESGBonds.aspx 
and 
any 
public 
reporting by or on behalf of the Issuer in respect of the application of proceeds will be available on the 
Issuer’s 
website 
at 
https://ind.millenniumbcp.pt/en/Institucional/sustentabilidade/Pages/relatorios_anuais.aspx but, for the 
avoidance of doubt, will not be incorporated by reference into this Offering Circular. None of the 
Arranger, Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates make any representation as to the suitability or 
content of such materials.

--- Page 3 ---
3 
 
No person is or has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation not contained 
in or consistent with this Offering Circular or any other information supplied in connection with the 
Programme or the Notes and, if given or made, such information or representation must not be relied 
upon as having been authorised by the Bank or any Dealer. 
Neither this Offering Circular nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or 
the Notes (i) is intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation or (ii) should be considered 
as a recommendation by the Bank or any Dealer that any recipient of this Offering Circular or any other 
information supplied in connection with the Programme should purchase any Notes. Each Investor (as 
defined below) contemplating purchasing any Notes should make its own independent investigation of 
the financial condition and affairs, and its own appraisal of the creditworthiness, of the Bank. Neither 
this Offering Circular nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme constitutes 
an offer or invitation by or on behalf of the Bank or any Dealer to any person to subscribe for or to 
purchase any Notes. 
Under the EUR25,000,000,000 Euro Note Programme (the "Programme"), Banco Comercial 
Português, S.A. (the "Bank", "BCP", "Banco Comercial Português", "Millennium investment 
banking", "Millennium bcp", "Millennium" or "Issuer") may from time to time issue notes 
denominated in any currency (subject to such currency being accepted by Interbolsa (as defined below)) 
agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer (as defined below) in book entry form ("Notes", 
which expression shall include Senior Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Subordinated Notes (each 
as defined below)) that will be held through Interbolsa - Sociedade Gestora de Sistemas de Liquidação 
e de Sistemas Centralizados de Valores Mobiliários, S.A. ("Interbolsa"), as management entity of the 
Portuguese Centralised System of Registration of Securities ("Central de Valores Mobiliários"). 
The Final Terms for each Tranche of Notes will state whether the Notes of such Tranche are to be 
(i) senior Notes ("Senior Notes"), (ii) senior non-preferred Notes ("Senior Non-Preferred Notes") or 
(iii) subordinated Notes ("Subordinated Notes"). 
The maximum aggregate nominal amount of all Notes from time to time outstanding will not exceed 
EUR25,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies calculated as described herein). 
The Notes will be issued on a continuing basis to one or more of the Programme Dealers or Issue 
Dealers (each as defined herein) appointed under the Programme from time to time. The Programme 
Dealers and the Issue Dealers are herein together referred to as the "Dealers" and references to a 
"Dealer" are to a Programme Dealer or, as the case may be, an Issue Dealer. References to the "relevant 
Dealer" are references to the Dealer or Dealers with whom the Issuer has agreed or proposes to agree 
the terms of an issue of Notes under the Programme. 
An investment in Notes issued under the Programme involves certain risks. For a discussion of these 
risks see "Risk Factors" below. 
This Offering Circular has been approved as a base prospectus by the Central Bank as competent 
authority under the Prospectus Regulation. The Central Bank only approves this Offering Circular as 
meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus 
Regulation. Approval by the Central Bank should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or 
of the quality of the Notes.  Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing 
in the Notes. 
Such approval relates only to Notes which are to be admitted to trading on the regulated market of the 
Irish Stock Exchange plc (the "Euronext Dublin Regulated Market"), trading as Euronext Dublin 
("Euronext Dublin") or on another regulated market for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU (as

--- Page 4 ---
4 
 
amended, "MiFID II") and/or that are to be offered to the public in any member state of the EEA in 
circumstances that require the publication of a prospectus. 
Application has been made to Euronext Dublin for Notes issued under the Programme to be admitted 
to its Official List (the "Official List") and trading on the Euronext Dublin Regulated Market. The 
Programme provides that Notes may also be listed or admitted to trading on the regulated market of 
Euronext Lisbon ("Euronext Lisbon Regulated Market"). The Issuer may also issue unlisted Notes 
and/or Notes not admitted to trading on any market or admitted to trading on any other market which is 
not a regulated market for the purposes of MiFID II. Euronext Dublin Regulated Market and Euronext 
Lisbon Regulated Market are each regulated markets ("Regulated Markets") for the purposes of 
MiFID II on markets in financial instruments. The relevant Final Terms in respect of the issue of any 
Notes will specify whether or not such Notes will be listed on Euronext Dublin or Euronext Lisbon. 
This Offering Circular (as supplemented as at the relevant time, if applicable) is valid for 12 months 
from its date in relation to Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market in the 
European Economic Area and/or offered to the public in the EEA other than in circumstances where an 
exemption is available under Article 1(4) and/or 3(2) of the Prospectus Regulation.  The obligation to 
supplement this Offering Circular in the event of a significant new factor, material mistake or material 
inaccuracy does not apply when this Offering Circular is no longer valid. 
This Offering Circular comprises listing particulars (the "Listing Particulars") for the purposes of 
giving information with regard to the issue of Notes having a maturity of less than 365 days as 
commercial paper under the Programme during the period of 12 months after the date hereof. 
References throughout this document to Offering Circular shall be deemed to read Listing Particulars 
for such purpose. Application will be made to Euronext Dublin for such Notes to be admitted to listing 
and trading on Euronext Dublin Regulated Market as commercial paper. The issue of Notes having a 
maturity of less than 365 days as commercial paper under the Programme falls outside the scope of the 
Prospectus Regulation and the Listing Particulars and Final Terms prepared for any such issue have not 
been approved or reviewed by the Central Bank. 
Notice of the aggregate nominal amount of Notes, interest (if any) payable in respect of Notes, the issue 
price of Notes and certain other information which is applicable to each Tranche (as defined under 
"Terms and Conditions of the Notes") of Notes will be set out in a final terms document (the "Final 
Terms") which will be delivered to the Central Bank and, if admitted to trading on the Euronext Dublin 
Regulated Market, to Euronext Dublin. Copies of Final Terms in relation to Notes to be listed on 
Euronext Dublin, other than those Notes having a maturity of less than 365 days, will also be published 
on the website of Euronext Dublin (https://live.euronext.com/). 
The Programme has been rated (i) "Baa3/P-2" (in respect of Senior Notes with a maturity of more than 
one year and Senior Notes with a maturity of one year or less, respectively), "Ba3" (in respect of 
Subordinated Notes) and "Ba2" (in respect of Senior Non-Preferred Notes) by Moody's Investors 
Service España, S.A. ("Moody's"), (ii) "BB+" (in respect of Senior Notes), "B+" (in respect of 
Subordinated Notes) and "BB-" (in respect of Senior Non-Preferred Notes) by S&P Global Ratings 
Europe Limited ("S&P"), (iii) "BB+/B" (in respect of Senior Notes with a maturity of more than one 
year and Senior Notes with a maturity of one year or less, respectively), "BB-" (in respect of Tier 2 
Subordinated Notes) and "BB" (in respect of Senior Non-Preferred Notes) by Fitch Ratings Ltd. 
("Fitch") and (iv) "BBB (low)/R-2 (middle)" (in respect of Senior Notes with a maturity of more than 
one year and Senior Notes with a maturity of one year or less, respectively), "BB" (in respect of 
Subordinated Notes) and "BB (high)" (in respect of Senior Non-Preferred Notes) by DBRS Ratings 
GmbH ("DBRS").  
Each of Moody’s, S&P and DBRS is established in the EEA and is registered under the Regulation 
(EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended) (the "CRA Regulation"). Each of Moody’s, S&P and DBRS is not

--- Page 5 ---
5 
 
established in the United Kingdom and has not applied for registration under Regulation (EC) No. 
1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
("EUWA") (the "UK CRA Regulation"). Accordingly, the ratings issued by Moody’s have been 
endorsed by Moody's Investors Service Limited, the ratings issued by S&P have been endorsed by S&P 
Global Ratings UK Europe Limited and the ratings issued by DBRS have been endorsed by DBRS 
ratings Limited, all in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation and have not been withdrawn. As such, 
the ratings issued by each of Moody’s, S&P and DBRS may be used for regulatory purposes in the 
United Kingdom in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation.  
Fitch is established in the United Kingdom and is registered in accordance with the UK CRA 
Regulation. Fitch is not established in the EEA and has not applied for registration under the CRA 
Regulation. Accordingly, the ratings issued by Fitch have been endorsed by Fitch Ratings Ireland 
Limited ("FRIL") in accordance with the CRA Regulation and have not been withdrawn. FRIL is 
established in the EEA and registered under the CRA Regulation.  As such FRIL is included in the list 
of credit rating agencies published by the European Securities and Markets Authority on its website (at 
http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-registered-and-certified-CRAs) in accordance with the CRA 
Regulation. 
Tranches of Notes issued under the Programme may be rated by any one or more of the rating agencies 
referred to above or unrated. Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, such rating will be disclosed in the 
Final Terms and will not necessarily be the same as the ratings assigned to the Programme. A security 
rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, 
reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. Please also refer to "Credit ratings 
assigned to the Issuer or any Notes may not reflect all the risks associated with an investment in those 
Notes" in the "Risk Factors" section of this Offering Circular. 
All financial information in this Offering Circular relating to the Bank for the years ended on 31 
December 2021 and 31 December 2022 has been extracted without material adjustment from the audited 
financial statements of the Bank for the financial years then ended and all financial information in this 
Offering Circular relating to the Bank for the three month period ended 31 March 2023 has been 
extracted from the unaudited and un-reviewed earnings press release and earnings presentation of BCP 
and its subsidiaries ("BCP Group" or the "Group") for the three month period ended 31 March 2023. 
The Notes will be registered by Interbolsa. Each person shown in the individual securities accounts held 
with an authorised financial intermediary institution entitled to hold control accounts with the Central 
de Valores Mobiliários on behalf of their customers (including any depositary banks appointed by 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV ("Euroclear") and Clearstream Banking S.A. ("Clearstream, Luxembourg") 
for the purpose of holding accounts on behalf of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, 
respectively) (each an "Affiliated Member") as having an interest in the Notes shall be considered the 
holder of the principal amount of Notes recorded. One or more certificates in relation to the Notes (each 
a "Certificate") will be delivered by the relevant Affiliated Member of Interbolsa in respect of its 
registered holding of Notes upon the request by the relevant holder of Notes and in accordance with 
that Affiliated Member's procedures and pursuant to Article 78 of the Portuguese Securities Code 
(Código dos Valores Mobiliários). For further details of clearing and settlement of the Notes issued 
under the Programme see “Clearing and Settlement” below. 
Neither the delivery of this Offering Circular nor the offering, sale or delivery of any Notes shall in any 
circumstances imply that the information contained herein concerning the Bank is correct at any time 
subsequent to the date hereof or that any other information supplied in connection with the Programme 
is correct as of any time subsequent to the date indicated in the document containing such information. 
The Dealers expressly do not undertake to review the financial condition or affairs of the Bank during 
the life of the Programme or to advise any Investor in the Notes issued under the Programme of any

--- Page 6 ---
6 
 
information coming to their attention. Investors should review, amongst other things, the most recent 
financial statements, if any, of the Bank when deciding whether or not to purchase any Notes. 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION RELATING TO PUBLIC OFFERS OF NOTES WHERE 
THERE IS NO EXEMPTION FROM THE OBLIGATION UNDER THE PROSPECTUS 
REGULATION TO PUBLISH A PROSPECTUS 
Restrictions on Public Offers of Notes in relevant Member States of the EEA where there is no 
exemption from the obligation under the Prospectus Regulation to publish a prospectus 
Certain Tranches of Notes with a denomination of less than EUR 100,000 (or its equivalent in any other 
currency) may be offered in circumstances where there is no exemption from the obligation under the 
Prospectus Regulation to publish a prospectus. Any such offer is referred to as a "Public Offer". This 
Offering Circular has been prepared on a basis that permits Public Offers of Notes in each Member 
State in relation to which the Issuer has given its consent, as specified in the applicable Final Terms 
(each specified Member State a "Public Offer Jurisdiction" and together the "Public Offer 
Jurisdictions"). Any person making or intending to make a Public Offer of Notes on the basis of this 
Offering Circular must do so only with the Issuer's consent to the use of this Offering Circular as 
provided under "Consent given in accordance with Article 5(1) of the Prospectus Regulation" below 
and provided such person complies with the conditions attached to that consent. 
Save as provided above, the Issuer and the Dealers have not authorised, nor do they authorise, the 
making of any Public Offer of Notes in circumstances in which an obligation arises for the Issuer or 
any Dealer to publish or supplement a prospectus for such offer. 
Consent given in accordance with Article 5(1) of the Prospectus Regulation 
In the context of a Public Offer of such Notes, the Issuer accepts responsibility, in each of the Public 
Offer Jurisdictions, for the content of this Offering Circular in relation to any person (an "Investor" or 
collectively the "Investors") who purchases any Notes in a Public Offer made by a Dealer or an 
Authorised Offeror (as defined below), where that offer is made during the Offer Period specified in 
the applicable Final Terms and provided that the conditions attached to that giving of consent for the 
use of this Offering Circular are complied with. The consent and conditions attached to it are set out 
under "Consent" and "Common Conditions to Consent" below. 
Neither the Issuer nor any Dealer makes any representation as to the compliance by an Authorised 
Offeror with any applicable conduct of business rules or other applicable regulatory or securities law 
requirements in relation to any Public Offer and neither the Issuer nor any Dealer has any responsibility 
or liability for the actions of that Authorised Offeror. 
Except in the circumstances set out in the following paragraphs, the Issuer has not authorised the 
making of any Public Offer by any offeror and the Issuer has not consented to the use of this 
Offering Circular by any other person in connection with any Public Offer of Notes. Any Public 
Offer made without the consent of the Issuer is unauthorised and the Issuer and, for the avoidance 
of doubt, the Dealers do not accept any responsibility or liability in relation to such offer or for 
the actions of the persons making any such unauthorised offer. 
If, in the context of a Public Offer, an Investor is offered Notes by a person which is not an Authorised 
Offeror, the Investor should check with that person whether anyone is responsible for this Offering 
Circular for the purposes of the Public Offer and, if so, who that person is. If the Investor is in any doubt 
about whether it can rely on this Offering Circular and/or who is responsible for its contents it should 
take legal advice.

--- Page 7 ---
7 
 
Consent 
In connection with each Tranche of Notes and subject to the conditions set out below under "Common 
Conditions to Consent": 
Specific Consent 
(a) 
the Issuer consents to the use of this Offering Circular (as supplemented as at the relevant time, 
if applicable) in connection with a Public Offer of such Notes in any Public Offer Jurisdiction 
during the relevant Offer Period stated in the applicable Final Terms by: 
(i) 
the relevant Dealer(s) or Manager(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
(ii) 
any financial intermediaries specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(iii) 
any other financial intermediary appointed after the date of the applicable Final Terms and 
whose name is published on the Bank's website (www.millenniumbcp.pt) and identified as an 
Authorised Offeror in respect of the relevant Public Offer; and 
General Consent 
(b) 
if (and only if) Part B of the applicable Final Terms specifies "General Consent" as 
"Applicable", the Issuer hereby offers to grant its consent to the use of this Offering Circular 
(as supplemented as at the relevant time, if applicable) in connection with a Public Offer of 
Notes in any Public Offer Jurisdiction during the relevant Offer Period stated in the applicable 
Final Terms by any financial intermediary which satisfies the following conditions: 
(i) 
it is authorised to make such offers under applicable legislation implementing MiFID II; and 
(ii) 
it accepts the Issuer's offer to grant consent to the use of this Offering Circular by publishing 
on its website the following statement (with the information in square brackets completed with 
the relevant information) (the "Acceptance Statement"): 
"We, [insert legal name of financial intermediary], refer to the offer of [insert title of 
relevant Notes] (the "Notes") described in the Final Terms dated [insert date] (the 
"Final Terms") published by Banco Comercial Português, S.A. (the "Issuer"). In 
consideration of the Issuer offering to grant its consent to our use of the Offering 
Circular (as defined in the Final Terms) in connection with the offer of the Notes in 
[specify Member State(s)] during the Offer Period and subject to the other conditions 
to such consent, each as specified in the Offering Circular, we hereby accept the offer 
by the Issuer in accordance with the Authorised Offeror Terms (as specified in the 
Offering Circular) and confirm that we are using the Offering Circular accordingly." 
The "Authorised Offeror Terms", being the terms to which the relevant financial 
intermediary agrees in connection with using this Offering Circular, are that the 
relevant financial intermediary: 
(A) 
will, and it agrees, represents, warrants and undertakes for the benefit of the 
Issuer, and the relevant Dealer that it will, at all times in connection with the 
relevant Public Offer: 
(I) 
act in accordance with, and be solely responsible for complying with, 
all applicable laws, rules, regulations and guidance of any applicable 
regulatory bodies (the "Rules"), from time to time including, without

--- Page 8 ---
8 
 
limitation and in each case, Rules relating to both the appropriateness 
or suitability of any investment in the Notes by any person and 
disclosure to any potential Investor; 
(II) 
comply with the restrictions set out under "Subscription and Sale and 
Transfer Restrictions" in this Offering Circular which would apply as 
if it were a Dealer and consider the relevant manufacturer's target 
market assessment and distribution channels identified under the 
["MiFID II product governance"] ["UK MiFIR product governance"] 
legend set out in the applicable Final Terms; 
(III) 
ensure that any fee (and any other commissions or benefits of any kind) 
or rebate received or paid by that financial intermediary in relation to 
the offer or sale of the Notes does not violate the Rules and, to the 
extent required by the Rules, is fully and clearly disclosed to Investors 
or potential Investors; 
(IV) 
hold all licences, consents, approvals and permissions required in 
connection with solicitation of interest in, or offers or sales of, the 
Notes under the Rules; 
(V) 
comply with applicable anti-money laundering, anti-bribery, anti-
corruption and know your client Rules (including, without limitation, 
taking appropriate steps, in compliance with such Rules, to establish 
and document the identity of each potential Investor prior to initial 
investment in any Notes by the Investor), and will not permit any 
application for Notes in circumstances where the financial 
intermediary has any suspicions as to the source of the application 
monies; 
(VI) 
retain Investor identification records for at least the minimum period 
required under applicable Rules, and shall, if so requested and to the 
extent permitted by the Rules, make such records available to the 
relevant Dealer, the Issuer or directly to the appropriate authorities 
with jurisdiction over the Issuer and/or the relevant Dealer in order to 
enable the Issuer and/or the relevant Dealer to comply with anti-money 
laundering, anti-bribery, anti-corruption and know your client Rules 
applying to the Issuer and/or the relevant Dealer, as the case may be; 
(VII) 
ensure that it does not, directly or indirectly, cause the Issuer or the 
relevant Dealer to breach any Rule or subject the Issuer or the relevant 
Dealer to any requirement to obtain or make any filing, authorisation 
or consent in any jurisdiction; 
(VIII) immediately inform the Issuer and the relevant Dealer if at any time it 
becomes aware or suspects that it is or may be in violation of any Rules 
and take all appropriate steps to remedy such violation and comply 
with such Rules in all respects; 
(IX) 
comply with the conditions to the consent referred to under "Common 
Conditions to Consent" below and any further requirements or other 
Authorised Offeror Terms relevant to the Public Offer as specified in 
the applicable Final Terms;

--- Page 9 ---
9 
 
(X) 
make available to each potential Investor in the Notes this Offering 
Circular (as supplemented as at the relevant time, if applicable), the 
applicable Final Terms and any applicable information booklet 
provided by the Issuer for such purpose, and not convey or publish any 
information that is not contained in or entirely consistent with this 
Offering Circular and the applicable Final Terms; 
(XI) 
if it conveys or publishes any communication (other than this Offering 
Circular or any other materials provided to such financial intermediary 
by or on behalf of the Issuer for the purposes of the relevant Public 
Offer) in connection with the relevant Public Offer, it will ensure that 
such communication (A) is fair, clear and not misleading and complies 
with the Rules, (B) states that such financial intermediary has provided 
such communication independently of the Issuer, that such financial 
intermediary is solely responsible for such communication and that the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer do not accept any responsibility for such 
communication and (C) does not, without the prior written consent of 
the Issuer or the relevant Dealer (as applicable), use the legal or 
publicity names of the Issuer or the relevant Dealer or any other name, 
brand or logo registered by an entity within its respective groups or 
any material over which any such entity retains a proprietary interest, 
except to describe the Issuer as issuer of the relevant Notes on the basis 
set out in this Offering Circular; 
(XII) 
ensure that no holder of Notes or potential Investor in Notes shall 
become an indirect or direct client of the Issuer or the relevant Dealer 
for the purposes of any applicable Rules from time to time, and to the 
extent that any client obligations are created by the relevant financial 
intermediary under any applicable Rules, then such financial 
intermediary shall perform any such obligations so arising; 
(XIII) co-operate with the Issuer and the relevant Dealer in providing such 
information (including, without limitation, documents and records 
maintained pursuant to paragraph (VI) above) and such further 
assistance as is reasonably requested upon written request from the 
Issuer or the relevant Dealer. For this purpose, relevant information is 
information that is available to or can be acquired by the relevant 
financial intermediary: 
(1) 
in connection with any request or investigation by the Central 
Bank or any other regulator in relation to the Notes, the Issuer 
or the relevant Dealer; and/or 
(2) 
in connection with any complaints received by the Issuer 
and/or the relevant Dealer relating to the Issuer and/or the 
relevant Dealer or another Authorised Offeror including, 
without limitation, complaints as defined in rules published by 
the Central Bank and/or any other regulator of competent 
jurisdiction from time to time; and/or 
(3) 
which the Issuer or the relevant Dealer may reasonably require 
from time to time in relation to the Notes and/or so as to allow

--- Page 10 ---
10 
 
the Issuer or the relevant Dealer fully to comply with its own 
legal, tax and regulatory requirements, 
in each case, as soon as is reasonably practicable and, in any event, 
within any time frame set by any such regulator or regulatory process; 
(XIV) during the period of the initial offering of the Notes: (i) only sell the 
Notes at the Issue Price specified in the applicable Final Terms (unless 
otherwise agreed with the relevant Dealer); (ii) only sell the Notes for 
settlement on the Issue Date specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
(iii) not appoint any sub-distributors (unless otherwise agreed with the 
relevant Dealer); (iv) not pay any fee or remuneration or commissions 
or benefits to any third parties in relation to the offering or sale of the 
Notes (unless otherwise agreed with the relevant Dealer); and (v) 
comply with such other rules of conduct as may be reasonably required 
and specified by the relevant Dealer; and 
(XV) 
either (i) obtain from each potential Investor an executed application 
for the Notes, or (ii) keep a record of all requests the relevant financial 
intermediary (x) makes for its discretionary management clients, (y) 
receives from its advisory clients and (z) receives from its execution-
only clients, in each case prior to making any order for the Notes on 
their behalf, and in each case maintain the same on its files for so long 
as is required by any applicable Rules; 
(B) 
agrees and undertakes to indemnify the Issuer and the relevant Dealer (in each 
case on behalf of such entity and its respective directors, officers, employees, 
agents, affiliates and controlling persons (each a "Relevant Party")) against 
any losses, liabilities, costs, claims, charges, expenses, actions or demands 
(including reasonable costs of investigation and any defence raised thereto and 
counsel's fees and disbursements associated with any such investigation or 
defence) which any of them may incur or which may be made against any of 
them arising out of or in relation to, or in connection with, any breach of any 
of the foregoing agreements, representations, warranties or undertakings by 
such financial intermediary, including (without limitation) any unauthorised 
action by such financial intermediary or failure by such financial intermediary 
to observe any of the above restrictions or requirements or the making by such 
financial intermediary of any unauthorised representation or the giving or use 
by it of any information which has not been authorised for such purposes by 
the Issuer or the relevant Dealer. Neither the Issuer nor any Dealer shall have 
any duty or obligation, whether as fiduciary or trustee for any Relevant Party 
or otherwise, to recover any such payment or to account to any other person 
for any amounts paid to it under this provision; and 
(C) 
agrees and accepts that: 
(I) 
the contract between the Issuer and the relevant financial intermediary 
formed upon acceptance by the relevant financial intermediary of the 
Issuer's offer to use the Offering Circular with its consent in 
connection with the relevant Public Offer (the "Authorised Offeror 
Contract"), and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection with the Authorised Offeror Contract, shall be governed 
by, and construed in accordance with, English law;

--- Page 11 ---
11 
 
(II) 
subject to paragraph (IV) below, the English courts have exclusive 
jurisdiction to settle any dispute arising out of or in connection with 
the Authorised Offeror Contract (including any dispute relating to any 
non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the 
Authorised Offeror Contract) (a "Dispute") and the Issuer and the 
relevant financial intermediary submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of 
the English courts; 
(III) 
for the purposes of paragraphs (II) and (IV) herein, the Issuer and the 
relevant financial intermediary waives any objection to the English 
courts on the grounds that they are an inconvenient or inappropriate 
forum to settle any dispute; 
(IV) 
to the extent allowed by law, the Issuer and each relevant Dealer may, 
in respect of any Dispute or Disputes, take (i) proceedings in any other 
court with jurisdiction; and (ii) concurrent proceedings in any number 
of jurisdictions; and 
(V) 
each relevant Dealer will, pursuant to the Contracts (Rights of Third 
Parties) Act 1999, be entitled to enforce those provisions of the 
Authorised Offeror Contract which are, or are expressed to be, for their 
benefit, including the agreements, representations, warranties, 
undertakings and indemnity given by the financial intermediary 
pursuant to the Authorised Offeror Terms. 
The financial intermediaries referred to in paragraphs (A)(II), (A)(III) and (B) 
above are together the "Authorised Offerors" and each an "Authorised 
Offeror". 
Any Authorised Offeror falling within paragraph (b) above who meets the 
conditions set out in paragraph (b) and the other conditions stated in "Common 
Conditions to Consent" below and who wishes to use this Offering Circular in 
connection with a Public Offer is required, for the duration of the relevant Offer 
Period, to publish on its website the Acceptance Statement. 
Common Conditions to Consent 
The conditions to the Issuer's consent to the use of this Offering Circular in the context of the relevant 
Public Offer are (in addition to the conditions described in paragraph (a) above if Part B of the applicable 
Final Terms specifies "General Consent" as "Applicable") that such consent: 
(a) 
is only valid during the Offer Period specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(b) 
only extends to the use of this Offering Circular to make Public Offers of the relevant Tranche 
of Notes in Ireland and Portugal under the Programme, as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
The consent referred to above relates to Offer Periods (if any) occurring within 12 months from the date 
of this Offering Circular. 
The only Member States which may, in respect of any Tranche of Notes, be specified in the applicable 
Final Terms (if any Member States are so specified) as indicated in paragraph (b) above, will be Ireland 
and Portugal under the Programme, and accordingly each Tranche of Notes may only be offered to

--- Page 12 ---
12 
 
Investors as part of a Public Offer in Ireland and Portugal under the Programme, as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, or otherwise in circumstances in which no obligation arises for the Issuer or 
any Dealer to publish or supplement a prospectus for such offer. 
BENCHMARKS REGULATION - Amounts payable on Floating Rate Notes and Reset Rate Notes 
(as described under "Terms and Conditions of the Notes") will be calculated by reference the Euro 
Interbank Offered Rate ("EURIBOR"). As of the date of this Offering Circular, the administrator of 
EURIBOR (the European Money Markets Institute) is included in ESMA's register of administrators 
under Article 36 of the Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 (as amended from time to time, the "EU 
Benchmarks Regulation"). 
IMPORTANT – EEA RETAIL INVESTORS - If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes include a 
legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors", the Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any 
retail investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a 
person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; 
(ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify 
as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified 
investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation. Consequently, no key information document required 
by Regulation (EU) No. 1286/2014 (as amended, the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the 
Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may 
be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
IMPORTANT – UK RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes includes a 
legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors", the Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any 
retail investor in the United Kingdom ("UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who 
is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 
as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the 
provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive 
(EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of 
Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; 
or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK Prospectus Regulation"). Consequently no key 
information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling 
the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under 
the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET - The Final Terms in respect of any 
Notes will include a legend entitled "MiFID II product governance" which will outline the target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. 
Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take 
into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting 
or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the Product 
Governance rules under Commission Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the "MiFID Product 
Governance Rules"), any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes,

--- Page 13 ---
13 
 
but otherwise neither UBS Europe SE as arranger (the "Arranger") nor the Dealers nor any of their 
respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the MIFID Product Governance Rules. 
UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET – The Final Terms in respect of 
any Notes will include a legend entitled "UK MiFIR Product Governance" which will outline the target 
market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are 
appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") 
should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA 
Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels.  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR 
Product Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such 
Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a 
manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MIFIR Product Governance Rules.  
Singapore SFA Product Classification: In connection with Section 309B of the Securities and Futures 
Act 2001 of Singapore (as modified or amended from time to time, the "SFA") and the Securities and 
Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore (the "CMP Regulations 2018"), 
unless otherwise specified before an offer of Notes, the Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all 
relevant persons (as defined in Section 309A(1) of the SFA), that the Notes are ‘prescribed capital 
markets products’ (as defined in the CMP Regulations 2018) and Excluded Investment Products (as 
defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-
N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products).

--- Page 14 ---
14 
 
ARRANGEMENTS BETWEEN INVESTORS AND AUTHORISED OFFERORS 
AN INVESTOR INTENDING TO PURCHASE OR PURCHASING ANY NOTES IN A PUBLIC 
OFFER FROM AN AUTHORISED OFFEROR WILL DO SO, AND OFFERS AND SALES OF 
SUCH NOTES TO AN INVESTOR BY SUCH AUTHORISED OFFEROR WILL BE MADE, 
IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE OFFER IN PLACE 
BETWEEN SUCH AUTHORISED OFFEROR AND SUCH INVESTOR INCLUDING 
ARRANGEMENTS IN RELATION TO PRICE, ALLOCATIONS, EXPENSES AND 
SETTLEMENT. THE ISSUER WILL NOT BE A PARTY TO ANY SUCH ARRANGEMENTS 
WITH SUCH INVESTORS IN CONNECTION WITH THE PUBLIC OFFER OR SALE OF 
THE NOTES CONCERNED AND, ACCORDINGLY, THIS OFFERING CIRCULAR AND 
ANY FINAL TERMS WILL NOT CONTAIN SUCH INFORMATION. THE RELEVANT 
INFORMATION WILL BE PROVIDED BY THE AUTHORISED OFFEROR AT THE TIME 
OF SUCH OFFER. THE ISSUER AND, FOR THE AVOIDANCE OF DOUBT, THE DEALERS 
(EXCEPT WHERE A DEALER IS THE RELEVANT AUTHORISED OFFEROR) HAVE NO 
RESPONSIBILITY OR LIABILITY TO AN INVESTOR IN RESPECT OF THE 
INFORMATION DESCRIBED ABOVE.

--- Page 15 ---
15 
 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION RELATING TO THE USE OF THIS OFFERING 
CIRCULAR AND OFFERS OF NOTES GENERALLY 
This Offering Circular does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any Notes 
in any jurisdiction to any person to whom it is unlawful to make the offer or solicitation in such 
jurisdiction. The distribution of this Offering Circular and the offer or sale of Notes may be restricted 
by law in certain jurisdictions. Neither the Issuer nor the Dealers represent that this Offering Circular 
may be lawfully distributed, or that any Notes may be lawfully offered, in compliance with any 
applicable registration or other requirements in any such jurisdiction, or pursuant to an exemption 
available thereunder, or assume any responsibility for facilitating any such distribution or offering. In 
particular, unless specifically indicated to the contrary in the applicable Final Terms, no action has been 
taken by the Issuer or the Dealers which is intended to permit a public offering of any Notes or 
distribution of this Offering Circular in any jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. 
Accordingly, no Notes may be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, and neither this Offering Circular 
nor any advertisement or other offering material may be distributed or published in any jurisdiction, 
except under circumstances that will result in compliance with any applicable laws and regulations. 
Each Dealer has represented or, as the case may be, will be required to represent that all offers and sales 
by it will be made on the terms indicated above. Persons into whose possession this Offering Circular 
or any Notes may come must inform themselves about, and observe, any such restrictions on the 
distribution of this Offering Circular and the offering and sale of Notes. In particular, there are 
restrictions on the distribution of this Offering Circular and the offer or sale of Notes in the United 
States, the United Kingdom, the EEA (including Portugal, the Republic of Italy and France), Japan and 
Singapore, see "Subscription and Sale and Transfer Restrictions" below. 
The Notes may not be a suitable investment for all prospective Investors. Each potential Investor in the 
Notes must determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own circumstances. In particular, 
each potential Investor may wish to consider, either on its own or with the help of its financial and other 
professional advisers, whether it: 
(a) 
has sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Notes, the 
merits and risks of investing in the Notes and the information contained or incorporated by 
reference in this Offering Circular or any applicable supplement; 
(b) 
has access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its 
particular financial situation, an investment in the Notes and the impact the Notes will have on 
its overall investment portfolio; 
(c) 
has sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the 
Notes, including Notes where the currency for principal or interest payments is different from 
the potential Investor's currency; 
(d) 
understands thoroughly the terms of the Notes and is familiar with the behaviour of financial 
markets; and 
(e) 
is able to evaluate possible scenarios for economic, interest rate and other factors that may 
affect its investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks. 
Legal investment considerations may restrict certain investments. The investment activities of certain 
Investors are subject to investment laws and regulations, or review or regulation by certain authorities. 
Each potential Investor should consult its legal advisers to determine whether and to what extent (i) 
Notes are legal investments for it, (ii) Notes can be used as collateral for various types of borrowing 
and (iii) other restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of any Notes. Financial institutions should

--- Page 16 ---
16 
 
consult their legal advisers or the appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate treatment of Notes 
under any applicable risk-based capital or similar rules. 
The Notes have not and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933 (as 
amended, the "Securities Act") and are subject to U.S. tax law requirements. Subject to certain 
exceptions, Notes may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or to, or for the account 
or benefit of, U.S. persons, as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act, unless an exemption 
from the registration requirements of the Securities Act is available and in accordance with all 
applicable securities law of any state of the United States and any other jurisdiction (see "Subscription 
and Sale and Transfer Restrictions" below). 
All references in this Offering Circular to (A) "U.S. dollars", "USD", "U.S.$", "$" and "U.S. cent" refer 
to the currency of the United States of America, (B) "Sterling", "GBP" and "£" refer to the currency of 
the United Kingdom, (C) "Euro", "EUR" and "€" refer to the currency introduced at the start of the 
third stage of European economic and monetary union pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of the 
European Union amended from time to time, (D) "PLN" refers to Polish zloty and (E) "CHF" refers to 
Swiss francs. 
In this Offering Circular, unless the contrary intention appears, a reference to a law or a provision of a 
law is a reference to that law or provision as extended, amended or re-enacted. 
This Offering Circular is drawn up in the English language. In case there is any discrepancy between 
the English text and the Portuguese text, the English text stands approved for the purposes of approval 
under the Prospectus Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, one or more relevant Dealers (the "Stabilisation 
Manager(s)") (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) may over-allot Notes or 
effect transactions with a view to supporting the market price of the Notes at a level higher than that 
which might otherwise prevail. However, stabilisation may not necessarily occur. Any stabilisation 
action may begin on or after the date on which adequate public disclosure of the terms of the offer of 
the relevant Tranche of Notes is made and, if begun, will be in compliance with all relevant laws and 
regulations and may cease at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 days after the issue 
date of the relevant Tranche of Notes and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the relevant Tranche 
of Notes. Any stabilisation action or over-allotment shall be conducted by the relevant Stabilisation 
Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in accordance with all 
applicable laws and rules.

--- Page 17 ---
17 
 
CAUTIONARY STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS 
Some statements in this Offering Circular and certain documents incorporated by reference herein may 
be deemed to be forward looking statements. Forward looking statements include statements concerning 
the Issuer's plans, objectives, goals, strategies, future operations and performance and the assumptions 
underlying these forward looking statements. When used in this Offering Circular, the words 
"anticipates", "estimates", "expects", "believes", "intends", "plans", "aims", "seeks", "may", "will", 
"should" and any similar expressions generally identify forward looking statements. These forward 
looking statements are contained in the sections entitled "Risk Factors" and "Description of the Business 
of the Group" and other sections of this Offering Circular. By their nature, forward looking statements 
involve risk and uncertainty because they relate to future events and circumstances. The Issuer has 
based these forward looking statements on the current view of its management with respect to future 
events and financial performance. Although the Issuer believes that the expectations, estimates and 
projections reflected in its forward looking statements are reasonable as of the date of this Offering 
Circular, if one or more of the risks or uncertainties materialise, including those identified below or 
which the Issuer has otherwise identified in this Offering Circular, or if any of the Issuer's underlying 
assumptions prove to be incomplete or inaccurate, the Issuer's actual results of operation may vary from 
those expected, estimated or predicted. 
The risks and uncertainties referred to above include: 
• 
the Issuer's ability to achieve and manage the growth of its business; 
• 
the performance of the markets in Portugal and the wider region in which the Issuer operates; 
• 
the Issuer's ability to realise the benefits it expects from existing and future projects and 
investments it is undertaking or plans to or may undertake; 
• 
the Issuer's ability to obtain external financing or maintain sufficient capital to fund its existing 
and future investments and projects; 
• 
changes in political, social, legal or economic conditions in the markets in which the Issuer and 
its customers operate; and 
• 
actions taken by the Issuer's joint venture partners that may not be in accordance with its 
policies and objectives. 
Any forward looking statements contained in this Offering Circular speak only as at the date of this 
Offering Circular. Without prejudice to the Issuer's obligations under applicable laws and regulations 
in relation to disclosure and ongoing information, the Issuer expressly disclaims any obligation or 
undertaking to disseminate after the date of this Offering Circular any updates or revisions to any 
forward looking statements contained in it to reflect any change in expectations or any change in events, 
conditions or circumstances on which any such forward looking statement is based.

--- Page 18 ---
18 
 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
Page 
 
Arrangements Between Investors and Authorised Offerors ................................................................. 14 
Important Information relating to the Use of this Offering Circular and Offers of Notes Generally ... 15 
Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward Looking Statements ........................................................... 17 
Overview of the Programme ................................................................................................................. 19 
Risk Factors .......................................................................................................................................... 26 
General Description of the Programme ................................................................................................ 93 
Documents Incorporated by Reference ................................................................................................. 94 
Form of the Notes ................................................................................................................................. 99 
Form of Final Terms ........................................................................................................................... 100 
Form of Final Terms ........................................................................................................................... 118 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes ..................................................................................................... 132 
Use of Proceeds................................................................................................................................... 172 
Description of the Business of the Group ........................................................................................... 173 
Summary Financial Information ......................................................................................................... 230 
Taxation .............................................................................................................................................. 237 
Clearing and Settlement ...................................................................................................................... 248 
Subscription and Sale and Transfer Restrictions ................................................................................ 250 
General Information ............................................................................................................................ 257

--- Page 19 ---
19 
 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following overview does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified in its entirety 
by, the remainder of this Offering Circular and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any particular 
Tranche of Notes, the applicable Final Terms. 
This Overview constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 25(1) of 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No 2019/980. 
Capitalised terms used in this overview and not otherwise defined below have the respective meanings 
given to those terms elsewhere in this Offering Circular. 
Description: 
Euro Note Programme 
Programme size: 
Up to EUR 25,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies, 
all calculated as described in the Dealer Agreement) outstanding 
at any time. The Issuer may increase the amount of the 
Programme in accordance with the terms of the Dealer 
Agreement. 
Issuer: 
Banco Comercial Português, S.A. 
Issuer Legal Entity Identifier: 
JU1U6S0DG9YLT7N8ZV32 
Arranger: 
UBS Europe SE 
Dealers: 
 
Banco Comercial Português, S.A. 
Banco Santander Totta, S.A. 
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC 
BNP PARIBAS 
BofA Securities Europe SA 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft 
Credit Suisse Bank (Europe), S.A. 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Goldman Sachs Bank Europe SE 
HSBC Continental Europe  
ING Bank N.V. 
Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. 
J.P. Morgan SE 
Mediobanca - Banca di Credito Finanziario S.p.A. 
Morgan Stanley Europe SE 
NatWest Markets N.V. 
Société Générale 
UBS Europe SE 
UniCredit Bank AG 
 
and any other Dealers appointed in accordance with the Dealer 
Agreement. 
Agent: 
Banco Comercial Português, S.A., in its capacity as Agent, with 
head office at Praça Dom João I, 28, 4000-295 Oporto, Portugal.

--- Page 20 ---
20 
 
Risk Factors: 
There are certain factors that may affect the Issuer's ability to 
fulfil its obligations under the Notes issued under the 
Programme, including, inter alia, those set out under Risk 
Factors below.  In addition, there are risk factors which are 
material for the purpose of assessing the other risks associated 
with Notes issued under the Programme.  These are also set out 
in detail under Risk Factors below and include, inter alia, the 
dynamics of the legal and regulatory requirements and the risks 
related to the structure of a particular issue of Notes. 
Distribution: 
Notes may be distributed by way of private placement or public 
placement and in each case on a non-syndicated or syndicated 
basis.  
Certain Restrictions: 
Each issue of Notes denominated in a currency in respect of 
which particular laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or 
reporting requirements apply will only be issued in 
circumstances which comply with such laws, guidelines, 
regulations, restrictions or reporting requirements from time to 
time (see Subscription and Sale and Transfer Restrictions). 
Currencies: 
Subject to compliance with relevant laws, Notes may be issued 
in any currency agreed between the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer(s) (as set out in the applicable Final Terms). 
Ratings: 
Series of Notes issued under the Programme may be rated or 
unrated. Where a Series of Notes is rated, such rating will be 
disclosed in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
The rating of Notes will not necessarily be the same as the rating 
applicable to the Issuer.  A credit rating is not a recommendation 
to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to revision, 
suspension or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating 
organisation. 
Listing 
and 
Admission 
to 
Trading: 
Application has been made to Euronext Dublin for Notes issued 
under the Programme to be admitted to its Official List and 
trading on the Euronext Dublin Regulated Market.  Notes may 
also be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on 
Euronext Lisbon or by such other or further competent 
authorities, stock exchanges and/or quotation systems as may be 
agreed with the Issuer. The Issuer may also issue unlisted Notes 
and/or Notes not admitted to trading on any market or Notes 
admitted to trading on other regulated markets for the purposes 
of Directive 2014/65/EU, as amended, or on any other market 
which is not a regulated market.  The relevant Final Terms will 
state on which stock exchange(s) and/or market(s) the relevant 
Notes are to be listed and/or admitted to trading (if any). 
Selling Restrictions: 
There are restrictions on the offer, sale and transfer of the Notes 
in the United States, the EEA (including Portugal, France, Italy

--- Page 21 ---
21 
 
and Belgium), the United Kingdom, Japan and Singapore as set 
out in Subscription and Sale and Transfer Restrictions. 
United States Selling Restriction: 
Regulation S, Category 2. TEFRA C or TEFRA not applicable as 
set out in the applicable Final Terms. See Subscription and Sale 
and Transfer Restrictions. 
Use of Proceeds: 
Proceeds from the issue of Notes will be used by the Issuer for 
its general corporate purposes or as otherwise set out in the 
applicable Final Terms.  
Status and Subordination: 
The Issuer may issue Senior Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
or the Subordinated Notes under the Programme. 
Senior Notes constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated 
and (subject to certain provisions of negative pledge to the extent 
specified as applicable to such Senior Notes in the applicable 
Final Terms) unsecured obligations of the Issuer and will rank 
pari passu among themselves and (save for certain obligations 
required to be preferred by law) equally with all other unsecured 
and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer which do not qualify 
as Statutory Senior Non-Preferred Obligations, from time to time 
outstanding. 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes constitute direct, unconditional and 
unsecured obligations of the Issuer and (save for certain 
obligations required to be preferred by law) will rank (i) pari 
passu among themselves and with all other obligations of the 
Issuer qualifying as Statutory Senior Non-Preferred Obligations, 
(ii) in the event of the bankruptcy of the Issuer, junior to any 
unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the Issuer which do 
not qualify as Statutory Senior Non-Preferred Obligations, and 
(iii) senior to any Junior Obligations. 
Payments in respect of any Subordinated Notes constitute direct, 
unconditional and unsecured obligations of the Issuer, save that 
the claims of the holders of the Notes in respect of payments 
pursuant thereto will, in the event of the winding-up of the Issuer 
(to the extent permitted by Portuguese Law), be wholly 
subordinated to the claims of all Senior Creditors of the Issuer. 
Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes: 
Final Terms will be prepared in respect of each Tranche of Notes, 
completing the Terms and Conditions of the Notes set out in 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes. 
Clearing System: 
Interbolsa.  See Clearing and Settlement. Without prejudice to 
the foregoing, investors will be able to hold an interest in the 
Notes through Euroclear Bank SA/NV ("Euroclear") and 
Clearstream Banking S.A. ("Clearstream, Luxembourg"), who 
are clients of an Interbolsa Participant for these purposes. 
Form of the Notes: 
The Notes will be in book-entry form (forma escritural) and are 
nominativas (i.e. Interbolsa, at the Issuer's request, can ask the

--- Page 22 ---
22 
 
Interbolsa Participants information regarding the identity of the 
holders of Notes and transmit such information to the Issuer) and 
thus title to such Notes will be evidenced by book entries in 
accordance with the provisions of the Portuguese Securities Code 
and the applicable CMVM regulations.  No physical document 
of title will be issued in respect of the Notes.  See Clearing and 
Settlement. 
Transfer of Notes: 
The Notes may be transferred in accordance with the provisions 
of Interbolsa.  The transferability of the Notes is not restricted. 
Maturities: 
The Notes will have such maturities as may be agreed between 
the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) and as set out in the 
applicable Final Terms, subject to such minimum or maximum 
maturities as may be allowed or required from time to time by 
the relevant central bank (or equivalent body) or any laws or 
regulations applicable to the Issuer or the relevant Specified 
Currency. 
Issue Price: 
The Notes may be issued on a fully-paid basis and at an issue 
price which is at par or at a discount to, or premium over, par, as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Cross Default: 
Senior Notes may contain a cross default provision if so specified 
in the applicable Final Terms and as further described below and 
in Condition 9(a) (Event of Default relating to certain Senior 
Notes). 
Events of Default: 
If the Notes are specified as Senior Notes in the applicable Final 
Terms and Condition 9(a) (Events of Default relating to certain 
Senior Notes) is specified as being "Applicable", the terms of 
such Senior Notes will contain, amongst others, the following 
events of default: 
(a) 
default in payment of any principal or interest due in 
respect of the Notes, continuing for a specified period of 
time; 
(b) 
non-performance or non-observance by the Issuer of any 
of its other obligations (i.e. under the conditions of the 
Notes), in certain cases continuing for a specified period 
of time; 
(c) 
acceleration by reason of default of the repayment of any 
indebtedness or default in any payment of any 
indebtedness or in the honouring of any guarantee or 
indemnity in respect of any indebtedness by the Issuer, 
in any case so long as any such indebtedness exceeds the 
specified threshold; and 
(d) 
events relating to the winding-up or dissolution of the 
Issuer.

--- Page 23 ---
23 
 
The terms of the Subordinated Notes, the Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes and (where the Notes are specified as Senior Notes in the 
applicable Final Terms and Condition 9(b) (Events of Default 
and Enforcement relating to Subordinated Notes, Senior Non-
Preferred Notes and certain Senior Notes) is specified as being 
"Applicable") certain of the Senior Notes will contain the 
following events of default: 
(a) 
failure by the Issuer to make payments in respect of the 
Notes, continuing for a specified period of time, giving 
rise to the right of Noteholders to institute proceedings 
for the winding-up of the Issuer; and 
(b) 
events relating to the winding-up or dissolution of the 
Issuer. 
No acceleration may occur until a winding-up or dissolution of 
the Issuer. 
Negative Pledge: 
In the case of Senior Notes where the applicable Final Terms 
specify that Condition 3 ("Negative Pledge") is "Applicable", the 
terms of such Senior Notes will contain a negative pledge 
provision, as further described in such Condition. 
The terms of the Subordinated Notes, the Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes and, where the applicable Final Terms specify that 
Condition 3 ("Negative Pledge") is "Not Applicable", the Senior 
Notes will not contain a negative pledge provision. 
Fixed Rate Notes: 
Fixed interest will be payable on such date or dates as may be 
agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) and on 
redemption and will be calculated on the basis of such Day Count 
Fraction as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer(s) (as set out in the applicable Final Terms). 
Reset Rate Notes: 
Reset Rate Notes will initially bear interest at the Initial Rate of 
Interest until (but excluding) the First Reset Date. On the First 
Reset Date, the Second Reset Date (if applicable) and each 
Subsequent Reset Date (if any) thereafter, the interest rate will be 
reset to the sum of the applicable Mid-Swap Rate and the Reset 
Margin as determined by the Calculation Agent on the relevant 
Reset Determination Date (each such interest rate, a 
"Subsequent Reset Rate"), all as further described in Condition 
4(b).  
Floating Rate Notes: 
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest determined separately for 
each Series on the basis of a reference rate appearing on the 
agreed screen page of a commercial quotation service. 
 
The margin (if any) relating to such floating rate will be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) for each Series of

--- Page 24 ---
24 
 
Floating Rate Notes.  Interest periods will be specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
In the event a Benchmark Event occurs (a) a Successor Rate or, 
failing which, an Alternative Reference Rate, and (b) in either 
case, an Adjustment Spread may be used for the purposes of 
determining the Rate of Interest. 
Zero Coupon Notes: 
Zero Coupon Notes may be offered and sold at a discount to their 
nominal amount unless otherwise specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
Redemption: 
The terms under which Notes may be redeemed (including the 
maturity date and the price at which they will be redeemed on the 
maturity date as well as any provisions relating to early 
redemption) will be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer at the time of issue of the relevant Notes. 
The Issuer has the right to redeem Notes (i) upon certain taxation 
events, (ii) in the case of Subordinated Notes, Senior Non-
Preferred Notes and certain Senior Notes upon a change in 
regulatory classification of the Notes, (iii) where Clean-up Call 
Option is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms 
and (iv) if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, at its option. 
Substitution and Variation: 
If, in the case of any Series of Subordinated Notes, Condition 
6(n) ("Substitution and Variation of Subordinated Notes") is 
specified as being "Applicable" in the relevant Final Terms and 
a capital event or tax event giving rise to a right by the Issuer to 
call the Notes has occurred and is continuing, or in order to 
ensure the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 16(d), 
then the Issuer may, subject to certain conditions, substitute all 
(but not some only) of such Series of Subordinated Notes for, or 
vary the terms of such Series of Subordinated Notes (including 
changing the governing law of Condition 16(d) from English law 
to Portuguese law or any other European law that, after 
consultation with the regulator, the Issuer considers allows the 
Subordinated Notes to be tier 2 compliant notes) so that the Notes 
remain or become tier 2 compliant notes. 
If in the case of Senior Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes, 
Condition 6(o) ("Substitution and Variation of Senior Non-
Preferred Notes and Senior Notes") is specified as being 
"Applicable" in the relevant Final Terms, and an MREL 
disqualification event or tax event giving rise to a right by the 
Issuer to call the Notes has occurred or in order to ensure the 
effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 16(d), then the 
Issuer may, subject to certain conditions, substitute all (but not 
some only) of such Series of Notes for, or vary the terms of such 
Series of Notes (including changing the governing law of 
Condition 16(d) from English law to Portuguese law or any other 
European law that, after consultation with the regulator, the

--- Page 25 ---
25 
 
Issuer considers allows the Notes to be MREL compliant notes) 
so that the Notes remain or become MREL compliant notes. 
Denomination of Notes: 
The Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer save that the minimum 
denomination of each Note will be such amount as may be 
allowed or required from time to time by the relevant central bank 
(or equivalent body) or any laws or regulations applicable to the 
relevant Specified Currency and save that the minimum 
denomination of each Note will be EUR 1,000 (or, if the Notes 
are denominated in a currency other than euro, the equivalent 
amount in such currency). 
Each Series will have Notes of one denomination only. 
Taxation of the Notes: 
All payments in respect of the Notes will be made without 
deduction for or on account of any withholding taxes imposed by 
Portugal unless such deduction or withholding is required by law. 
In the event that any such deduction is made, the Issuer will, save 
in certain limited circumstances, be required to pay additional 
amounts to cover the amounts so deducted. In the case of 
Subordinated Notes and, where Condition 7(b) is specified as 
"Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms, Senior Notes and 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes, the requirement of the Issuer to pay 
additional amounts will be limited to payments of interest. 
Governing Law: 
English law, except that in relation to the status of Subordinated 
Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes and the form and transfer 
of Notes, the creation of security over Notes and the Interbolsa 
procedures for the exercise of rights under Notes will be 
governed by Portuguese law.

--- Page 26 ---
26 
 
RISK FACTORS 
An investment in the Notes involves a degree of risk. Prospective investors should carefully consider 
the risks set forth below and the other information contained in this Offering Circular prior to making 
any investment decision with respect to the Notes. The risks described below could have a material 
adverse effect on BCP's business, financial condition and results of operations or the value of the Notes. 
Additional risks and uncertainties, including those of which the BCP Group's management is not 
currently aware or deems immaterial, may also potentially have an adverse effect on the BCP Group's 
business, results of operations, financial condition or future prospects or may result in other events that 
could cause investors to lose all or part of their investment. 
INTRODUCTION 
The risk factors described below are those that the Issuer believes are material and specific to the Issuer 
and that may affect the Issuer's ability to fulfil each of its obligations under the Notes. The risk factors 
have been organised into the following categories: 
1. 
Risks relating to the Issuer 
1.1 
Risks relating to the Economic and Financial Environment 
1.2 
Legal and Regulatory Risks 
1.3 
Risks relating to Acquisitions 
1.4 
Risks relating to the Bank's Business 
2. 
Risks relating to Notes issued under the Programme 
2.1 
Risks relating to the Structure of a particular issue of Notes 
2.2 
Risks relating to Notes generally 
2.3 
Risks relating to the Market generally 
2.4 
Risks relating to ESG Notes 
Within each category, the most material risks, in the assessment of the Issuer, are set out first. The Issuer 
has assessed the relative materiality of the risk factors based on the probability of their occurrence and 
the expected magnitude of their negative impact. The order of the categories does not imply that any 
category of risk is more material than any other category. 
1. 
RISKS RELATING TO THE ISSUER  
1.1 
Risks relating to the Economic and Financial Environment 
Portuguese economy 
In 2022, gross domestic product ("GDP") grew 6.7%, which represented an acceleration compared to 
the 5.5% growth recorded in the preceding year. The performance of the Portuguese activity benefited 
from the dynamism of the private consumption and tourism, in a context of high levels of accumulated 
savings by the families and the strength of the labour market, while the investment decelerated strongly, 
hampered by the global supply chain disruptions and the strong rise of commodities prices. The annual 
average inflation rate increased to 8.1%, driven by the surge of energy and food prices.

--- Page 27 ---
27 
 
The strong nominal growth of the Portuguese economy contributed to a reduction of the Portuguese 
public debt as a percentage of GDP, from 125.4% to 113.9% of GDP in 2022. In 2023, the Bank of 
Portugal predicts a growth of GDP, backed by the tourism activity and investment growth driven by the 
implementation of the Recovery and Resilience Plan. Notwithstanding, the risks to the economic 
activity in Portugal are tilted to the downside. Lower growth levels could have a material adverse effect 
on the Bank's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
Risks of recession and/or slowdown of the Portuguese economy 
The materialisation of the risks related to (i) higher inflation; (ii) tighter financial costs; (iii) the 
slowdown of the Portuguese main trade partners; (iv) tensions on the geopolitical front; and (v) 
instability in the financial markets may negatively impact the Portuguese economy and lead to a 
recession in 2023 and/or to a slower growth pace. 
Any limitation to the growth of the Portuguese economy would likely result in the fall of credit demand, 
increase of funding costs and deterioration of the loans' portfolio credit quality and other segments of 
the asset side of the Bank's balance sheet. 
Dramatic tightening in global financial market conditions 
The surge of global inflation and the tightening of monetary policy has led to a deterioration of the 
global financial market conditions. The possibility of aggravation or persistence of adverse financial 
conditions could further weigh in on economic conditions, hindering the evolution of the banking 
business and, consequently, its profitability. 
Monetary policy risks 
The Bank is exposed to risks associated with tighter monetary and liquidity conditions from the 
European Central Bank.  A restrictive monetary policy could have a substantial downward impact on 
the valuation of the Portuguese government's debt directly, or indirectly via contagion through the loss 
in value of the public debt securities of other countries in the European Monetary Union, which would 
in turn negatively impact the Bank directly through its investment book and indirectly by affecting the 
price and availability of the Bank's funding in the market and also by potentially lowering the demand 
for loans from households and corporations. On the contrary, any substantial decline of European 
Central Bank's reference interest rates would affect negatively the Bank's ability to generate net interest 
margin. 
Risks related to high levels of indebtedness 
The high levels of both corporate and households’ debt increase the risks of widespread defaults in case 
of worsening of the economic condition and tightening of the financial conditions. Any deterioration in 
households' and companies' financial condition could lead to a fall in the demand for credit, and to a 
deterioration of the credit quality of the loans' portfolio and other segments of the asset side of the 
Bank's balance sheet. 
Moreover, the high level of Portuguese government debt could lead to relevant limitations on the ability 
of the Portuguese government to stimulate growth in response to a downturn. The high public-sector 
indebtedness is therefore an important factor of vulnerability, as any change in investors' perception of 
the sustainability of Portuguese debt may contribute to raise the Bank's cost of funding and to weaken 
the performance of the financial assets held in the Bank's portfolio – in particular, the Portuguese public 
debt securities.

--- Page 28 ---
28 
 
Domestic political risks 
The 2022 parliamentary elections in Portugal conferred an absolute majority to the party that formed 
the government. However, the risks of social unrest stemming from high food and energy prices and/or 
any supply disruption of essential consumer goods and/or energy; a broad deterioration of the economic 
and financial conditions; and political dissatisfaction could lead to political instability and impact 
adversely the economic activity and the Portuguese Republic's credit profile. Any of these outcomes 
could have a material adverse effect on the Bank's business, financial condition, results of operations 
and prospects. 
Risks related to the European Union 
The Russia-Ukraine war underlines the need to strengthen coordination and cooperation in Europe, 
notably in the defense and energy sectors. In this context, any unforeseen political and/or legal obstacles 
to the implementation of policies and actions enacted by the European Union to support the European 
economy and ensure its territorial defense and energy and food supply could materially impact the 
integrity of the European Union. Any such outcome may affect the Portuguese sovereign credit profile, 
which may lead to concerns relating to the capacity of the Portuguese Republic to meet its funding 
needs. Any deterioration could have a direct impact on the value of the Bank's portfolio of public debt.  
Any permanent reduction of the value of public debt would be reflected in the Bank's equity position. 
Risks to the real estate market 
The current context of greater uncertainty and higher financing costs, along with severe restrictions on 
the housing market, driven by supply constraints increases the risk of a significant devaluation of 
Portuguese real estate prices, including, without limitation, through a fall of demand both by residents 
and  non-residents, which may lead to an increase in impairment losses in the assets held directly by the 
Bank as well as in the participating units of the restructuring funds held by the Bank, and to increased 
exposure in counterparty risk for loans guaranteed by real estate collateral and in pension fund assets 
retained by the Bank. 
External-trade channel risk 
The deterioration of economic activity of the main trading partners of Portugal, along with global supply 
disruptions, rising commodity prices, the risk of protectionist policies and the possible behavioural 
changes in Portuguese trading partners could impact negatively the performance of the Portuguese 
economy and lead to economic and financial difficulties, which could have a material adverse effect on 
the Bank's business, financial condition, results of operations or its prospects. 
Geopolitical risks 
On 24 February 2022, Russia invaded Ukraine and launched a full-scale military attack against Ukraine. 
The war caused increased market volatility and may negatively affect the world’s economy in general 
even further, and in particular the economy of the countries where the Millennium bcp Group (the 
"Group") operates. The war has already caused a significant increase in prices of commodities and fuel 
and supply disruptions. The continuing conflict and/or its escalation may impose an additional financial 
strain on the Group’s customers and affect their ability to perform their obligations towards the Group. 
The sanctions imposed on Russia may also negatively affect the financial condition of the Group’s 
customers who conducted business in Russia or with Russian counterparts and who will not be able to 
sell their products and services in alternative markets.  
Any of these factors, among other adverse factors, such as the escalation of protectionism and trade 
wars among the major world economic blocs and/or the intensification of other potential military

--- Page 29 ---
29 
 
conflicts, could have a material adverse effect on the Bank's business, financial condition, results of 
operations and prospects. 
Risks related to financial markets instability 
In March 2023, US authorities seized control of and closed Silicon Valley Bank ("SVB"), which had 
faced losses related to its large exposure to long term debt, triggering a run on its deposits. In order to 
boost confidence in the banking sector and to prevent contagion effects, a full guarantee on SVB 
deposits was announced and a new emergency liquidity facility for the banking sector was created. 
Nevertheless, with the rapid and strong increase in interest rates in the US in 2022-23, financial 
institutions heavily exposed to long term debt – particularly mid-sized US regional banks – could be 
seen as vulnerable to potential losses in their balance sheets. This could support a fall in the deposits of 
these institutions, forcing asset sales (including debt sales), with losses. Market expectations of interest 
rates have been revised downwards. Although European and Portuguese banks were not directly 
exposed to the issues that led to the SVB closure, the fall in investor confidence and adverse economic 
impacts in the US have led to contagion effects at the global level, as evidenced by the ensuing events 
concerning other financial institutions, including Credit Suisse and Signature Bank. Further adverse 
economic and market conditions could pose various challenges and exert downward pressure on asset 
prices and on credit availability, increase funding costs, and impact credit recovery rates and the credit 
quality of the Group’s businesses, customers and counterparties, including issuers of sovereign debt. 
Significant factors affecting the operations of the Issuer and the Group include macroeconomic 
conditions and the situation on international financial markets, which have direct and indirect impact 
on the financial position of the Issuer and the Group. Possible disturbances in the economy or on 
international financial markets, which may have different sources, including situations involving events 
such as terrorist attacks, acts of war or hostile actions, catastrophes, states of epidemic and other similar 
events of an unpredictable nature could potentially lead to negative consequences for the Issuer, such 
as reduced ability to obtain financing, increase of it cost and difficult access to capital. Possible 
problems on the market and economic downturn may adversely affect the Issuer's operations, including: 
i) the level of significant parameters, such as market interest rates or exchange rate, ii) demand for 
products and services offered by the Issuer and the Group, iii) the situation of borrowers, which would 
lead to the deterioration of the quality of the loan portfolio and an increase in the cost of risk), iv) 
valuation of financial assets constituting individual assets. Such events may be a source of economic or 
political uncertainty and have a negative impact on the economic situation and the activities of the Issuer 
and the Group. Such events may also have a negative impact on the Group's financial standing.   
 Global health crisis 
Portugal remains vulnerable to COVID-19 pandemic-related uncertainty, mainly as a result of new and 
reportedly more contagious variants of the coronavirus.  If this risk materialises constraints related to 
supply shortages could increase, resulting in lower economic activity and additional inflationary 
pressure. 
The uncertainty related to the unpredictability of the pandemic evolution could continue to affect, the 
behaviour and financial position of the Bank's customers and, therefore, the supply and demand of the 
products and services offered by the Bank and its risk costs. 
Risks related to United Kingdom-EU departure agreement 
The agreement reached between the EU and the United Kingdom (UK) in the end of December 2020 
on the terms of the future cooperation reduced the uncertainty related to UK’s departure from the EU, 
however, risks to the Portuguese economy deriving from the withdrawal of the United Kingdom from 
the EU remain, as the transition to the new UK-EU trading arrangements could reveal more difficult

--- Page 30 ---
30 
 
than expected. These could have a negative impact on the profitability of the Bank´s Portuguese 
operations, including through the deterioration of asset quality, given the importance of the United 
Kingdom as a market for Portuguese exports of goods and services (tourism, in particular) and also real-
estate.  
Other economies where the Bank operates 
Poland 
Economic and geopolitical risks 
The containment measures aimed at limiting the spread of the COVID-19 pandemic led to a significant 
drop of economic activity in Poland in 2020. In 2021, the Polish economy rebounded strongly. In 2022, 
the Polish economy remained resilient notwithstanding the heightened uncertainty stemming from 
Russia’s military aggression against Ukraine, rising financing costs, risks of disruption in energy 
supply, and soaring inflation rates, which registered an annual increase of 13.2% (HICP inflation). 
Resulting from the persistently high inflation levels, as well as geopolitical risks, the IMF envisages a 
marked decrease of Poland’s GDP growth rate in 2023 (from 5.1% to 0.3%).  
The unprecedented scale of changes of the business environment caused by the outbreak of the COVID-
19 pandemic in early 2020 as well as tense geopolitical situation connected with Russian military 
aggression on Ukraine, combined with dynamic changes of customers’ decisions have dramatically 
increased the challenges that banks operating in Poland face. 
Domestic political risks  
The Issuer operates in Poland, therefore the macroeconomic, political and social situation in this country 
is significant for the business, financial position and operating result of the Issuer. Domestic political 
risk might increase in 2023 because of expected general elections. At the same time, bearing in mind 
the close connection between the Polish economy and the global economy, the Issuer's situation is also 
influenced by events in the global economy, in particular those relating to monetary policy, geopolitics, 
socio-political processes or global economic situation. 
Risks related to banking system policy and legislation 
Risks related to the implementation of economic policy decisions, namely on the tax front, targeting the 
banking system by Polish authorities, could negatively affect investors' confidence and the economic 
activity and, consequently, negatively impact the profitability of the Polish banking sector. 
On 7 July 2022, the Parliament approved a bill on crowdfunding for business ventures and assistance 
to borrowers (the "Act"). The Act, among others, introduces credit holidays for PLN mortgage 
borrowers (possibility of not paying interest and principal up to 8 months in 2022-2023 for PLN 
mortgage eligible borrowers). Costs of these credit holidays were the direct reason for the significant 
net loss of Bank Millennium S.A. ("Bank Millennium") in Poland in the third quarter of 2022 and 
consequently a temporary breach of the regulatory minimum capital requirements. As a result, Bank 
Millennium launched a recovery plan and filed a capital protection plan with competent authorities. 
Although in the fourth quarter of 2022 Bank Millennium improved its capital ratios above regulatory 
minimums and it intends to gradually return to profitability as well as to continue to organically rebuild 
its capital position and capital ratios, further alterations to the bill or introduction of any other equally 
significant customer oriented regulations by the lawmakers/regulators or additional potential losses 
from current of future litigation processes, like litigation on CHF mortgage loans, may result in further

--- Page 31 ---
31 
 
losses and a result in a continuation of the breach of regulatory minimum capital requirements in the 
future.  
Mozambique 
Commodity prices risks 
Mozambique is an important exporter of aluminium and coal and has also important projects in progress 
related to natural gas.  As weaker global demand drives down commodity prices, the Mozambican 
economy could face significant pressure on its public finances, on real economic activity and on its 
exchange rate, which could negatively impact the reform efforts that Mozambican authorities have been 
implementing in the last years in order to address the sovereign debt crisis. Any deterioration of 
economic and financial conditions could result in additional negotiations with the IMF and international 
creditors. In such circumstances, the Bank's business, financial condition, results of operations and 
prospects could be negatively affected. 
Domestic political risks 
Any deterioration of the economic and financial situation may contribute to the rise of political tensions 
(Frelimo and Renamo, the two main political parties in Mozambique, have been holding start-stop talks 
aimed at ending a military conflict that was resumed in 2013), which could negatively affect the Bank's 
business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
Separately, the natural gas industry in Mozambique has been crucial to both the expansion of economic 
growth and social change. Since 2017, the country has been struggling to control an insurgency 
orchestrated by militants linked to the Islamic State. This has contributed to exacerbate the levels of 
social vulnerability in Cabo Delgado. The progress of the LNG projects, crucial to the recovery of 
economic growth, has been affected as attacks have occurred in areas closer to the projects operations 
site. In this context, if the scale and frequency of attacks in gas-rich Cabo Delgado Province intensifies 
it could hinder the natural gas industry activity and thereby the expansion of economic activity and 
social progress.  Any of these factors could negatively affect the Bank's business, financial condition, 
results of operations and prospects. 
Angola 
Commodity prices risks 
Given the reliance of Angolan economy on oil exports, any risks of global economic slowdown could 
create significant pressure on Angola's public finances, on the real economic activity and on its 
exchange rate, which could negatively impact the reform efforts that Angolan authorities have been 
implementing in the previous years in order to address economic and structural imbalances. In such 
circumstances, the Bank's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects could be 
negatively affected. 
1.2 
Legal and Regulatory Risks 
The Bank is subject to complex regulation that could increase regulatory (among which capital and 
liquidity) requirements. 
The Bank conducts its business in accordance with applicable regulations and is subject to related 
regulatory risks, including the effects of amendments to laws, regulations and policies applicable in 
Portugal and in other countries where the Bank operates. Regulatory entities, including the European 
Commission, the European Banking Authority ("EBA"), the European Securities Market Authority 
("ESMA"), the Single Resolution Board ("SRB"), the European Central Bank ("ECB"). Banco de

--- Page 32 ---
32 
 
Portugal as well as Comissão do Mercado de Valores Mobiliários ("CMVM") and Autoridade de 
Supervisão de Seguros e Fundos de Pensões ("ASF"), and other national competent authorities and 
regulators in countries where Bank's subsidiaries and branches are located, under their respective 
competencies, have implemented significant changes to the Bank's regulatory framework, particularly 
in relation to capital and liquidity adequacy and the scope of the Bank's operations. These changes are 
continuously being updated and revised, adjusting to past experience or to new business trends and 
other changes may be implemented in the future. Consequently, the Bank could face diverse, additional 
and/or more intense regulation that could adversely and significantly impact the results of its operations. 
In May 2019, the Council adopted a comprehensive legislative package (the "Banking Package") 
implementing some of the final elements of the Basel III framework ("Basel III") at the European level 
by way of amendments to Regulation No. 575/2013/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council, 
of 26 June 2013, as amended (the "Capital Requirements Regulation" or "CRR") and Directive 
2013/36/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council, of 26 June 2013, as amended (the "Capital 
Requirements Directive" or "CRD IV"), that together establish the basis for the prudential regulatory 
framework for credit institutions, and on the framework for the recovery and resolution of banks in 
difficulty, notably Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council, of 15 May 
2014, as amended (the "Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive" or "BRRD") and Regulation No. 
806/2014/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council, of 15 July 2014 (the "SRM Regulation").  
Some of these changes have already been enacted (and some have been brought forward as a response 
to the COVID-19 pandemic), while others will enter into force in the coming years together with 
changes stemming from the adoption of the Basel III reforms. On 27 October 2021, the European 
Commission published a proposal aiming to finalise the EU’s implementation of this framework, 
scheduled to apply as from 1 January 2025, subject to transition periods. Amendments to existing 
framework comprise, among others, fit and proper requirements, the application of output floors on risk 
weighted assets ("RWA") for internal ratings-based ("IRB") banks, possibility to revert from internal 
ratings-based approach to standardised, higher risk weights for equity exposures, changes on the market 
risk and operational risk and requirements to identify and manage environmental, social and governance 
risks. On 8 November 2022, the Council of the EU set its position on the European Commission 
proposals, specifying that banks have the discretion to apply the output floor at the highest level of 
consolidation and that fit and proper frameworks should further consider national specificities and 
practices, and it also agreed to a two-year delay to 2025. 
The Bank also operates under Decree-Law No. 298/92, of 31 December 1992 (as amended) (the 
"Banking Law"), applicable to credit institutions in Portugal. At the end of 2022, Law No. 23-A/2022, 
of 9 December was published, which implemented the Capital Requirements Directive V (Directive 
(EU) 2019/878 ("CRD V")) and Directive 2014/59/EU (as amended, the "Bank Recovery and 
Resolution Directive" or "BRRD II") on access to banking and prudential supervision and the recovery 
and resolution of credit institutions and investment firms, respectively. 
The macroprudential toolkit for banks has been applicable since 2014, mostly comprising a set of 
prudential tools designed to limit systemic risks and safeguard financial stability. The European 
Commission is working on improving the EU macroprudential framework for the banking sector. A 
legislative proposal may be submitted by the European Commission to the European Parliament and to 
the Council in 2023, and that may introduce changes to the banks' capital buffer framework.  
Also, changes to RWA could come from adjustments on internal models, such as those associated with 
changes to calibration or further to supervisory requirements and recommendations. 
The implementation of new or revised regulations may increase capital or liquidity requirements and 
could result in additional preparatory work, disclosure needs, restrictions on certain types of 
transactions, limitations to the Bank's strategy, the need to take strategic actions, which may include

--- Page 33 ---
33 
 
raising additional capital, issuing funding instruments, and/or limitations to, or modification of, the 
Bank's earnings derived from margin, fees, capital gains or other sources of income. Any of the above 
may reduce the business volume and the yield of the Bank's investments, assets or holdings, which 
could have a material adverse effect on the Bank's business, financial condition, results of operations 
and prospects.  For further details on banking regulation please see "Description of the Business of the 
Group – Recent developments on the banking regulation". 
Furthermore, a global systemically important institution ("G-SII") could face additional requirements. 
Although it is currently not anticipated that Portuguese banks may be classified as G-SIIs, there is no 
assurance that this will not change in the future. The Bank is currently classified as an "other 
systemically important institution" ("O-SII"), and as such it is subject to concurrent additional capital 
requirements, which could increase and lead to lower returns on equity. 
The Banking Union may impose additional regulatory requirements that may impact the Bank's 
results. 
The European Commission established a common regulation (the Single Rule Book) and a common 
supervisory architecture which comprises the Single Supervisory Mechanism ("SSM"), the Single 
Resolution Mechanism ("SRM") and the European Deposits Insurance Scheme ("EDIS"). The 
regulatory framework under the Banking Union and future modifications to it may result in, or require 
changes to, the strategic positioning of financial institutions, including their business model and risk 
exposure, and could result in additional costs in order to ensure compliance with the new requirements 
and may potentially restrict the Bank's ability to comply with its financial undertakings regarding debt 
and equity instruments. See further "Description of the Business of the Group – Recent developments 
on the banking regulation". 
Single Supervisory Mechanism 
The Banking Union assigned the role of direct banking supervisor to the European Central Bank (the 
"ECB") to ensure that the largest banks in the Euro zone and in each Member State, which includes the 
Bank, are independently supervised under common rules.  The Bank is currently in compliance with 
Supervisory Review and Evaluation Process ("SREP") requirements. If the Bank's regulatory ratios 
(capital and/or liquidity) fall below the thresholds specified or guided by the relevant regulatory entities 
(including pursuant to the SREP) the Bank may need to adopt additional measures to strengthen those 
regulatory ratios (including at unfavourable terms), such as an acceleration of deleveraging, the 
reduction of RWA, divestments, issuance of liabilities and other measures that may include rights 
issues. Furthermore, any additional capital adequacy requirements imposed on the Bank may result in 
the need to increase its capital buffers in order to fulfil more demanding capital or liabilities ratio 
requirements, thereby increasing the costs to the Bank and reducing the return on equity. Any of the 
aforementioned situations could have a material adverse effect on the Bank's business, financial 
condition, results of operations and prospects. 
During the SREP, the supervisor not only defines banks’ capital and liquidity requirements (e.g. Pillar 
2 capital requirements ("P2R") and Pillar 2 capital guidance ("P2G")) but may also decide to impose 
additional measures on banks, including liquidity and qualitative measures, including deductions to 
regulatory capital. As of June 2021, CRD V and the CRR II introduced additional own funds 
requirements for the leverage ratio for which competent authorities are obliged to assess the risk of 
excessive leverage and potentially impose a P2R-LR on top of the P1R-LR if the risk of excessive 
leverage is not covered or not sufficiently covered by P1R-LR. Similarly, to the P2G, the P2G-LR is 
based on the outcomes of the adverse scenario of the relevant supervisory stress tests. See further 
"Description of the Business of the Group – Recent developments on the banking regulation".

--- Page 34 ---
34 
 
A change in the prudential supervision framework or stemming from the regular supervisory review 
and evaluation process may: 
• 
impose additional capitalisation demands on the Bank, in particular if the SSM requires the 
reclassification of assets and/or a revision of coverage levels for impairment, backstop 
provisions, more demanding internal model parameters which could result in the Bank being 
subject to additional capital requirements, or to any future stress tests; 
• 
given the classification of the Bank as an O-SII, lead to higher combined capital buffer 
requirements; and 
• 
lead to a higher countercyclical capital buffer and capital conservation buffer. 
If, following a capital requirement exercise, such as a stress test, capital quality or risk management 
assurance exercise or equivalent exercise, a capital deficit is identified, it could adversely affect the cost 
of funding for the Bank and have a materially adverse impact on its business, financial condition, results 
of operations and prospects. 
The Bank is also currently compliant with the CRD required liquidity related ratios, i.e., the liquidity 
coverage ratio ("LCR") which requires banks to hold sufficient unencumbered high quality liquid assets 
to withstand a 30-day stressed funding scenario, and the net stable funding ratio ("NSFR") reflecting 
the amount available of stable funding to its amount of required stable funding. 
These requirements may change in the future, a scenario which could have an impact on the Bank's 
capital and liquidity needs and adversely affect the Bank's business, financial condition, results of 
operations and prospects. For more information on the topics above see further "The results of 
additional stress tests could result in a need to increase capital or a loss of public confidence in the 
Group" and "Description of the Business of the Group – Recent developments on the banking 
regulation". 
Single Resolution Mechanism 
• 
The BRRD (which implementation into Portuguese law was completed by Law No. 23-A/2015, 
of 26 March, as amended, including in the newest update of the Banking Law) establishes a 
framework for the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and investment companies 
which contemplates that capital instruments may be subject to non-viability loss absorption, in 
addition to the application of the general bail-in tool (which may apply to any of the Notes). As 
such, the use of resolution tools and powers provided for by the Banking Union may disrupt 
the rights of shareholders and creditors. In particular, the power of the authorities to transfer 
the shares or all or part of the assets of an institution to a private purchaser without the consent 
of shareholders affects the property rights of shareholders. In addition, the power to decide 
which liabilities to transfer out of a failing institution based upon the objectives of ensuring the 
continuity of services and avoiding adverse effects on financial stability may affect the equal 
treatment of creditors. For further details please see "Description of the Business of the Group 
– Recent developments on the banking regulation". 
• 
Directive (EU) 2017/2399 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 12 December 2017 
(regarding the ranking of unsecured debt instruments in insolvency hierarchy), which amended 
BRRD, was implemented in Portugal through Law No. 23/2019, of 13 March 2019, creating a 
new asset class of “non-preferred” senior debt that ranks in insolvency above own-funds 
instruments and subordinated liabilities that do not qualify as own funds, but below other senior 
liabilities. Further, it confers a preferential claim to generally all deposits vis-à-vis unsecured 
senior debt. Additionally, under the final rules to be implemented following the European

--- Page 35 ---
35 
 
Commission’s recent proposal to adjust and further strengthen the existing EU bank crisis 
management and deposit insurance (CMDI) framework, the ranking in insolvency of depositors 
may be further changed or enhanced. For further details please see "Description of the Business 
of the Group – Recent developments on the banking regulation". 
• 
To avoid having institutions structuring their liabilities in a way that prevents the effectiveness 
of the bail-in or other resolution tools and to avoid the risk of contagion or a bank run, the 
BRRD requires that institutions meet a robust minimum requirement for own funds and eligible 
liabilities ("MREL") at all times. In order to meet MREL requirements, the Bank may need to 
issue MREL-eligible instruments, impacting its funding structure and financing costs. Such 
mechanisms and procedures, besides having the capacity to restrain the Bank's strategy, could 
increase the average cost of the Bank's liabilities, in particular, without limitation, the cost of 
Additional Tier 1, Tier 2 instruments and other MREL eligible instruments and thus negatively 
affect the Bank's earnings. These instruments may also result in a potential dilution of the 
percentage of ownership of existing shareholders, given their potential convertibility features 
under application of a resolution or other measure or in accordance with their terms. The 
aforementioned instruments might be viewed by investors as riskier than other debt 
instruments, primarily due to the risk of capital losses, missed coupon payments, insufficient 
maximum distributable amount buffer, conversion into capital instruments and lack of available 
distributable items. As a result, investor appetite for these instruments may vary in the future, 
increasing issuance cost or could render the Bank unable to place them in the market. In this 
case, the Bank would have to issue Common Equity Tier 1 ("CET1") capital to meet the 
mentioned regulatory requirements or issue Additional Tier 1, Tier 2 or other regulatory eligible 
instruments that would entail an associated coupon expense which may have a material adverse 
effect on the Bank's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. See 
"Description of the Business of the Group – Trends Information" for more information on 
MREL requirements applicable to the Issuer. 
• 
Decree-Law No. 31-A/2012, of 10 February, which amended the Banking Law, also introduced 
the creation of the privileges accorded to claims associated with loans backed-up by deposits 
under the Deposit Guarantee Fund ("DGF"), as well as credit secured by the DGF, the 
Integrated Mutual Agricultural Scheme (which, in Portugal, is formed by the Central Mutual 
Agricultural Bank (Caixa Central de Crédito Agrícola Mútua) and its associated banks) or the 
Portuguese Resolution Fund (Fundo de Resolução) (the "Resolution Fund"), arising from the 
potential financial support that these institutions might give in the context of the 
implementation of resolution measures, in each case within the limits of the applicable laws. 
• 
Under Article 153-O of the Banking Law, the Resolution Fund may be required to finance the 
implementation of the resolution measures applied by Banco de Portugal and the resulting 
general and administrative expenses. At the present date, there is no reliable estimate of the 
potential losses to be incurred by the Resolution Fund, notably those that have been publicly 
mentioned as potentially arising from (i) the sale of Novo Banco, S.A. ("Novo Banco") 
(including, without limitation, the contingent capitalisation mechanism), (ii) the litigation 
relating to Banco Espírito Santo, S.A. ("BES"), (iii) the resolution process of Banco 
Internacional do Funchal, S.A. ("BANIF") and related expenses, and (iv) the amount and timing 
of the Bank's contributions to the Resolution Fund and the reimbursement of the loans granted 
by the Bank to the Resolution Fund. Thus, the impact of the BES and BANIF resolution 
processes on the Bank, a participant in the Resolution Fund, could depend on external factors 
not controlled by the Bank, including the proceeds from the Resolution Fund’s assets, the future 
funding needs and contingent liabilities of the Resolution Fund including, without limitation, 
those related to the sale of Novo Banco to Lone Star. For further details on the Resolution Fund 
and related contributions of the Bank see "Description of the Business of the Group – Recent 
developments on the banking regulation".

--- Page 36 ---
36 
 
• 
The financial resources of the Resolution Fund result essentially from the initial and periodical 
contributions paid by member institutions, the proceeds from the bank levy, created by Law 
No. 55-A/2010, of 31 December, and the returns on the investment of its financial means. 
• 
The amount of the periodical contribution for the Resolution Fund is calculated every year 
pursuant to Regulation 1/2013 of Banco de Portugal, as amended by Regulations 8/2014 and 
14/2014, using a base rate which is published by Banco de Portugal. There can be no assurance 
that in the future Banco de Portugal will maintain the current base rate. Increases in the base 
rate in future years may reduce the Bank's profitability. See "Description of the Business of the 
Group – Recent developments on the banking regulation". 
• 
In the event of a shortage of funds, a negative financial impact, of an uncertain nature, on the 
Resolution Fund and, indirectly, on the Portuguese banking sector, could occur. The definition 
of the financing structure of a possible shortage (in terms of type of contribution, its distribution 
in time and any recourse to temporary loans) will depend on the amount of such hypothetical 
shortage. See "Description of the Business of the Group – Recent developments on the banking 
regulation". 
 
• 
This situation has been disclosed in the financial statements of the Bank as a contingent liability, 
with no impacts recorded on the financials or capital ratios of the Bank. There can be no 
assurance that such accounting treatment will be maintained in the future, and as such there is 
no guarantee that the Bank's business, financial condition, results of operations, prospects and 
capital ratios will not be affected by the factors described above. 
• 
The impact of the above is uncertain and the Bank can give no assurance that the current 
understanding/framework/accounting treatment and related contributions will not change in the 
future (including that recourse to special contributions may occur) thus negatively impacting 
BCP's financial condition, including a negative impact on net income, capital ratios, earnings 
and long-term targets. 
European Deposit Insurance Scheme 
The establishment of EDIS is contingent on certain political decisions, in particular as to whether it 
should be a system based on the reinsurance between the several national deposit guarantee funds or a 
mutualisation mechanism at European level. The decision and implementation processes of the 
guarantee scheme may have material adverse effects on the Bank's business activity, liquidity, financial 
condition, results of operations and prospects. 
Directive 2014/49/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council, of 16 April 2014, concerning the 
deposit guarantee systems carried the harmonisation of the deposit guarantee system in force in each of 
the Member States, including Portugal. The changes contemplate the introduction of size and risk-based 
contributions by entity and harmonisation of products and depositors covered, maintaining, however, 
the principle of a harmonised limit per depositor and not per deposit. 
According to the BRRD, and consequently the Banking Law, as amended, including, without limitation, 
the amendments of Law No.23-A/2015, of 26 March and the update brought by the changes to the 
Banking Law, banks must ensure that by 3 July 2024, the financial resources available to a deposit 
guarantee scheme ("DGS") amount to a target-level of 0.8% of the amount of DGF-covered deposits. 
If, after this target level is reached for the first time, the available financial resources are less than two 
thirds of the target level, Banco de Portugal will set the periodic contributions at a level that allows the 
target level to be reached within six years. If the available financial resources are not sufficient to 
reimburse the depositors, in the event of unavailability of deposits, DGS members must pay ex-post

--- Page 37 ---
37 
 
contributions not exceeding 0.5% of the DGF-covered deposits for the exercise period of the DGF.  In 
exceptional circumstances, the DGS can request a higher amount of contribution with the approval of 
Banco de Portugal. 
The exemption from the immediate payment of ex-ante contributions shall not exceed 30% of the total 
amount of contributions raised. This possibility depends on the credit institutions undertaking 
irrevocable payment commitments, to pay part of or the whole amount of the contribution which has 
not been paid in cash to the DGF, that are fully backed by collateral composed of low-risk assets 
unencumbered by any third-party rights and partly or wholly pledged in favour of the DGF at the DGF's 
request. 
The additional indirect costs of the deposit guarantee systems may be significant and can consist of 
costs associated with the provision of detailed information to clients about products, costs of compliance 
with specific regulations on advertising for deposits or other products similar to deposits. They can 
therefore affect the activity of the relevant banks and consequently their business activities, financial 
condition, results of operations and prospects. 
The European Union is proceeding with a review of the bank crisis management and deposit insurance 
framework that may entail changes to the single resolution mechanism and deposit guarantees schemes 
framework which could impact on the Bank's contributions to such schemes. 
The resolutions adopted by the European Commission regarding financial services and products in 
the context of disclosure compliance and investor protection, changes in consumer protection laws, 
the effects of higher interest rates and policies in support of families but at cost to the banks may 
limit the business approach, increase contributions or limit fees that the Bank can charge in certain 
banking transactions. 
Several European Commission regulatory initiatives regarding financial services and products have 
been implemented in the past few years, including: 
(1) 
The Markets in Financial Instruments Directive II, Directive 2014/65/EU of the European 
Parliament and of the Council, of 15 May 2014, as amended ("MiFID II"), which has been 
implemented in Portugal through Law No. 35/2018, of 20 July 2018, and is already in force, 
and the Markets in Financial Instruments Regulation, Regulation (EU) No. 600/2014 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council, of 15 May 2014, as amended ("MiFIR"). Some areas 
of the MiFID II and MiFIR frameworks are currently under revision. 
(2) 
Regulation (EU) No. 1286/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council, of 26 
November 2014, as amended, relating to packaged retail and insurance-based investment 
products ("PRIIPs"), complemented by Delegated Regulation (EU) No. 653/2017 of the 
Commission, of 8 March 2017, as amended, which applies from 1 January 2018.  On 4 January 
2018, the CMVM issued a "Circular" regarding PRIIPs subject to the CMVM's supervision, 
outlining further applicable requirements and Law 35/2018, of 20 July 2018 introduced the 
legal framework for PRIIPs in Portugal. 
(3) 
The Payment Services Directive, Directive (EU) 2015/2366 of the European Parliament and of 
the Council, of 25 November 2015, as amended, ("PSD 2") was implemented in Portugal 
through Decree-Law No. 91/2018, of 12 November 2018, creating new types of payment 
services and reinforcing customer protection and security. 
(4) 
The European Market Infrastructure Regulation, Regulation (EU) No. 648/2012 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council, of 4 July 2012, as amended ("EMIR"), which sets out 
procedures regarding over-the-counter ("OTC") markets and derivatives, namely on clearing.

--- Page 38 ---
38 
 
(5) 
The EU Benchmarks Regulation, Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 of the European Parliament and 
of the Council of 8 June 2016 on indices used as benchmarks in financial instruments and 
financial contracts or to measure the performance of investment funds, introduces a regime for 
benchmark interest rates and may lead to changes of the rates used as reference rates in the 
Bank’s normal course of business, impacting margins, business approach and operations. Under 
the borrower’s support framework in Poland the reference rate WIBOR will be replaced by a 
risk free rate over the medium term. The EURIBOR complies with the Benchmark Regulation 
and currently there are no plans to discontinue or replace it. However, banks are required to 
adopt fallback rates in case EURIBOR ends.  
(6) 
Regulation (EU) 2022/2554 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 14 December 
2022, which approves the digital operational resilience act for the financial sector (“DORA”) 
and respective amending regulations establishes uniform requirements concerning the security 
of network and information systems supporting the business processes of financial entities. 
(7) 
The European institutions are strongly supporting the transition to a low-carbon, more resource-
efficient and sustainable economy and have been at the forefront of efforts to build a financial 
system that supports sustainable growth. 
Also, the European Union General Data Protection Regulation, approved by the Regulation (EU) 
2016/679 of the European Parliament and of the Council, of 27 April of 2016, as amended from time to 
time ("GDPR") harmonises data privacy laws across Europe, to protect and empower all European 
Union citizens' data privacy and to reshape the way organisations across the region approach data 
privacy. 
Furthermore, Decree-Law No. 107/2017, of 30 August 2017, lays down the rules on switching of 
payment accounts, the comparability of commissions, as well as the access to payment accounts with 
basic features, transposing Directive 2014/92/EU, of the European Parliament and of the Council of 23 
July 2014. Changes in consumer protection laws in Portugal and other jurisdictions where the Bank has 
operations could limit the fees that banks may charge for certain products and services, such as 
mortgages, unsecured loans, credit cards and fund transfers and remittances. See "Description of the 
Business of the Group – Recent developments on the banking regulation". 
Compliance with these obligations entails increased operational and financial costs for the Bank and 
may also affect the provision of financial services to customers, and therefore impact on the Bank's 
overall results. Furthermore, some of them are being revised or their full implementation is only 
foreseen in the coming years. 
The implementation of these legal initiatives could affect the regular functioning of the market and 
significantly impact the Bank's business, financial condition, net income and prospects. 
Changes in Portuguese legislation regarding banking commissions and other changes 
The Economic and Social Stabilisation Programme approved by the Portuguese Government 
established an additional solidarity contribution charged to banks, which continuity has been foreseen 
in the annual state budget law. 
Law No. 53/2020, of 26 August 2020, and Law No. 57/2020 of 28 August 2020, set out rules for the 
protection of consumers of financial services by implementing restrictions on the application of certain 
bank fees.  Furthermore, Decree-Law No. 80-A/2022, of 25 November 2022, establishes certain 
measures aimed at mitigating the effects of the increase of the reference indexes in credit agreements. 
These measures result in higher operational costs for the Bank.

--- Page 39 ---
39 
 
The Ukraine-Russian war, high inflation, and high interest rates, along with the effects of the Covid-19 
pandemic, intensified the uncertainty context, namely concerning future actions by regulators and 
authorities’ initiatives that could result in either further restrictions or further relief measures that could 
continue to have an impact on the Bank’s regular course of business.  
Further limitations or reductions of commissions charged by banks in Portugal may adversely affect the 
business and performance of the Issuer. 
The implementation of other initiatives that may arise in the future, and which content is unknown, 
could impact the Bank's business, financial condition, net income, capital, RWA and prospects. 
Changes in Polish banking legislation 
The Polish government enacted certain regulations to support borrowers comprising interest moratoria, 
contributions to support fund and benchmark rates reform, with significant costs to banks in Poland 
including Bank Millennium.  The final impact of this legislation on the business, financial condition, 
capital and prospects of Bank Millennium and the Bank remains uncertain. 
The Bank is subject to compliance risk, which may lead to claims of non-compliance with regulations 
and lawsuits by public agencies, regulatory agencies and other parties. 
Furthermore, as the Bank operates in a highly regulated industry, it may be subject to claims of non-
compliance with regulations and lawsuits by public agencies, regulatory agencies and other parties. The 
Bank's regulators frequently conduct inspections and request information in respect of the Bank's or its 
clients' activities and transactions. Any inspections or other proceedings that are unfavourable to the 
Bank may result in sanctions, limitations on its business opportunities, or a reduction of its growth 
potential, and may have an adverse effect on the Bank's ability to comply with certain contractual 
obligations or retain certain commercial relationships. 
Among others, the Bank is subject: 
• 
to provisioning requirements, minimum cash level, credit qualification, record-keeping, 
privacy, liquidity, permitted investments, contingency, and other prudential and behavioural 
requirements which have associated costs; any increase or change in the criteria of these 
requirements could have an impact on the Bank's operations and results; 
• 
to rules and regulations related to the prevention of money laundering, bribery and terrorism 
financing. Compliance with anti-money laundering, anti-bribery and counter-terrorist financing 
rules entails significant cost and effort. Non-compliance with these rules may have serious 
consequences, including adverse legal and reputational consequences and consequences in the 
Bank's relationship with its clients, partners, service providers and other third parties. Although 
the Bank believes that its current anti-money laundering, anti-bribery and counter-terrorism 
financing policies and procedures are adequate to ensure compliance with applicable 
legislation, the Bank cannot guarantee that it has in the past or will comply, at all times, with 
all applicable rules or that its regulations for fighting money laundering, bribery and terrorism 
financing as extended to the whole Group are applied by its employees under all circumstances;  
• 
to competition regulations.  In particular, the Bank is subject to laws prohibiting the abuse of a 
dominant market position and prohibiting agreements and/or concerted practices between 
business entities that aim to prevent, restrict or distort competition, or have the effect of 
preventing, restricting or distorting competition.  In cases where the Bank is found to have 
infringed the relevant rules of Portuguese and/or European Union competition law, the Bank is

--- Page 40 ---
40 
 
subject to the risk of fines of up to 10% of its consolidated annual turnover in addition to a 
public announcement of any sanctions issued; and 
• 
in addition to penalties imposed by the European Commission and/or the competent 
competition authorities, the Bank may be ordered by these entities or by national courts, as 
applicable, to discontinue certain practices, comply with behavioural or structural remedies, or 
pay damages to third parties that demonstrate that they have been harmed by the Bank's 
infringement of competition rules, whether based on an earlier infringement decision by the 
relevant authority or independent of any such decision.  The Bank may also be subject to similar 
consequences in other jurisdictions where it is active, as imposed by competition authorities or 
national courts of such jurisdictions.  This can lead to material adverse effects on the Bank's 
business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
The Bank is subject to obligations and costs resulting from the legal and regulatory framework 
related to the prevention, mitigation and monitoring of asset quality. 
Several regulatory and legislative initiatives have been and continue to be put in place to address asset 
quality issues, with particular focus on the non-performing exposures ("NPEs") and/or non-performing 
loans ("NPLs") as authorities highlight credit risk and heightened levels of NPLs as key risks facing 
euro area banks. 
In compliance with the ECB's banking supervision, the Bank has been implementing a NPE reduction 
plan which is closely monitored by the ECB and is globally aligned with the ECB's Guidance on NPL 
and subsequent Addendum, which addresses the main aspects of the strategy, governance and 
operations relating to an efficient disposal of NPLs, but adjustments and recommendations can follow 
from the regular monitoring performed by the supervisor. 
BCP's NPE reduction plan is closely monitored by the ECB, also including the evolution of Corporate 
Restructuring Funds. Further requirements imposed by the ECB may arise from the follow-up 
discussions and new regulations on the matter. This could adversely and significantly impact the Bank's 
business, results of operations, financial condition, including capital position, and prospects. 
The implementation of the legal and regulatory framework currently envisaged, as well as any potential 
additional regulatory or self-regulation measures, could have a material adverse effect on the Bank's 
business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.  See "Description of the Business of 
the Group – Trends Information and Recent developments on the banking regulation" for further details 
on the implementation of the Bank's NPL strategy and on regulatory developments regarding NPLs and 
NPEs. 
Changes to tax legislation, regulations, higher taxes or lower tax benefits could have an adverse 
effect on the Bank's activity.  Implementation of legislation relating to taxation of the financial sector 
could have a material adverse effect on the Bank's results of operations. 
The Bank might be adversely affected by changes in the tax legislation and other regulations applicable 
in Portugal, the European Union and other countries in which it operates, as well as by changes in the 
interpretation of legislation and regulation by the competent Tax Authorities.  In addition, the Bank 
might be adversely affected by difficulties in the interpretation of or compliance with new tax laws and 
regulations.  The materialisation of these risks may have a material adverse effect on the Bank's 
business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
The various measures approved by the Portuguese Republic to ensure budgetary consolidation, 
stimulate the economy and support the banking system have led to a considerable increase of public 
debt levels.  In the context of low growth, the need to restore the balance of public finances in the

--- Page 41 ---
41 
 
medium term led to increased tax costs through the expansion of the tax base, the increase in tax rates 
and/or reduction of tax benefits, as well as the increase in restrictions on tax planning practices, which 
may directly affect the Bank's net income.  Moreover, changes in legislation may require the Bank to 
bear additional costs associated with participation in financial stabilisation mechanisms and resolution 
funds at a national and European level. 
For example, despite the ex-ante Contribution to the Single Resolution Fund to support the application 
of resolution measures at EU level, the Bank is still liable to the following bank levy and contributions: 
• 
Under Law No. 55-A/2010, of 31 December, as amended, and Ministerial Order (Portaria) No. 
121/2011, of 30 March, as amended, a bank levy is applicable to the Bank (EUR 29.4 million 
in 2020, EUR 32.9 million in 2021 and 36.5 million in 2022) and will be applied over (a) the 
Bank's liabilities at a tax rate of 0.11% and (b) the notional amount of off-balance sheet financial 
derivatives, excluding hedging derivatives and back-to-back derivatives, at a tax rate of 
0.0003%.  The taxable base is calculated by reference to an annual average of the monthly 
balances of the qualifying items, as reflected in the relevant year's approved accounts. 
• 
The Bank is also liable to periodic special and additional contributions that must be paid to the 
Portuguese Resolution Fund, as stipulated in Decree-Law No. 24/2013 and Law No. 23-
A/2015, of 26 March, as amended, (EUR 15.0 million in 2020, EUR 16.8 million in 2021 and 
EUR 18.5 million in 2022).  The periodic contributions are determined by a base rate, 
established by the Bank of Portugal through regulatory instruments, to be applied in each year 
and which may be adjusted to the credit institution’s risk profile based on the objective 
incidence of those contributions, deducted from the liability elements that are part of the core 
capital and supplementary and from the deposits covered by the Deposit Guarantee Fund. 
The Supplementary Budget for 2020 approved in the National Parliament on July 2020 introduced a 
Solidarity Surcharge due by credit institutions and Portuguese branches of credit institutions. The 
Solidarity Surcharge is levied on the same taxable bases of the above bank levy, as follows: 
• 
Liabilities are subject to a rate of 0.02%; and 
• 
The notional value of off-balance sheet derivative financial instruments is subject to a rate of 
0.00005%. 
A transitional regime in force during years 2020 and 2021 applied. For the Solidarity Surcharge due in 
2020 and 2021, the taxable base was computed with reference to the accounts of the first semester of 
2020 and the second semester of 2020. The Solidarity Surcharge due and paid in 2020, 2021 and 2022 
amounted to EUR 5.8 million, EUR 6.2 million and EUR 6.6 million. 
Additionally, on 14 February 2013 the European Commission published its proposal for a Council 
Directive for enhanced co-operation in the form of a financial transaction tax ("FTT"), of which 
Portugal would be a member.  Currently, after the withdrawal of the Republic of Estonia as a Member 
State wishing to participate in the establishment of the enhanced cooperation, 10 countries are 
participating in the negotiations on the proposed directive, discussing the option of an FTT based on 
the French model of the tax, and the possible mutualisation of the revenues among the participating 
member states as a contribution to the EU budget. 
The Spanish FTT entered into force on 16 January 2021. 
At this stage, there can be no assurance that an FTT or similar additional bank taxes and national 
financial transaction taxes will not be adopted, at any moment, by the authorities of the jurisdictions 
where the Bank operates.

--- Page 42 ---
42 
 
On 22 December 2021, the European Commission published its proposal for a Council Directive “on 
ensuring a global minimum level of taxation for multinational groups in the Union” aimed at 
implementing the OECD Pillar Two Model Rules on a 15% minimum effective tax rate in the EU 
Member States. The Draft Directive follows closely the OECD Model Rules, which set out the rules of 
the so-called Income Inclusion Rule (IIR) and Undertaxed Payment Rule (UTPR).  
The Council Directive (EU) 2022/2523 of 14 December, on ensuring a global minimum level of taxation 
for multinational enterprise groups and large-scale domestic groups in the European Union was 
published in the in the Official Journal of the European Union of 22 December 2022. 
Member States shall transpose the Directive into their domestic law by 31 December 2023. Timing in 
relation to the introduction of the new rules in Portugal is currently uncertain. The potential implications 
resulting from the implementation of the Pillar Two Model Rules have not been evaluated at this stage. 
Any such additional levies and taxes could have a material adverse effect on the Bank's business, 
financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
The Bank also has ongoing ordinary course disputes with the Tax Authorities and, although it considers 
the provisions it has made regarding these disputes to be adequate to cover the risk of judgements 
against the Bank it is unable to ensure their sufficiency or the outcome of such disputes. 
1.3 
Risks relating to Acquisitions 
The Bank may be the object of an unsolicited acquisition bid. 
In light of the ongoing trend in Europe towards consolidation in the banking sector, and like any listed 
company, the Bank could be the target of an unsolicited acquisition bid. If such an acquisition were to 
occur, there could be changes in its corporate strategy, the main focus of its business, or its operations 
and resources, which could have a material adverse effect on the Bank's business, financial condition 
or results. 
The Bank or its subsidiaries may engage in mergers and/or acquisitions. 
Although the Bank's strategic plan is focused on organic growth and while it has reinforced its 
commitment to its strategic goals, there is no guarantee that it will not participate in mergers and/or 
acquisitions in Portugal or elsewhere should such opportunities arise. In the event the Bank or any of 
its subsidiaries participates in mergers and/or acquisitions, there could be changes in its corporate 
strategy, in its organisation and structure, its main business focus, its resources, and in its financial 
condition and results of operations. Additionally, if the Bank or its subsidiaries were to engage in such 
an operation, it is possible that the Bank may not be able to extract all the cost and/or revenue synergies, 
totally or partially, associated with such mergers and/or acquisitions. The Bank may also have to bear 
additional personnel costs resulting from any restructurings needed to integrate acquired operations or 
businesses successfully. Moreover, future mergers or acquisitions could result in unexpected losses due 
to unforeseen liabilities, which could have a material adverse effect on the Bank's business, financial 
condition or results of operations. 
1.4 
Risks relating to the Bank's Business 
The Bank is exposed to risks related to FX-indexed mortgage loans in Poland. 
Court claims and current provisions for legal risk 
Regarding mortgage loans granted by Bank Millennium S.A. ("Bank Millennium") in Poland in Swiss 
Franc ("CHF") until 2008, Bank Millennium currently faces risks relating to rulings issued by Polish

--- Page 43 ---
43 
 
courts in individual lawsuits against Bank Millennium started by borrowers of foreign exchange 
indexed ("FX-indexed" or "FX") mortgage loans (and which were also started against other Polish 
banks), as well as risks with respect to the possible application of a sector-wide solution, i.e. a solution 
applied to all contracts (Swiss Franc-denominated/indexed mortgage loans) in the Polish financial 
sector. The Polish Financial Supervisory Authority suggested a possible sector-wide solution in 
December 2020, which has, since then, been under consideration by Polish banks. 
On 31 December 2022, there were 16,008 loan agreements of Bank Millennium and 1,272 loan 
agreements from former Euro Bank, S.A. (which merged with Bank Millennium in 2019) subject to 
ongoing litigation concerning the use of indexation clauses of FX mortgage loans submitted to the 
Polish courts by borrowers against Bank Millennium individually (78% loans agreements before the 
court of first instance and 22% loans agreements before the court of second instance). The total value 
of claims filed against Bank Millennium amounted to PLN 2,758.4 million (EUR 589.20 million) and 
CHF 201.9 million (EUR 204.53 million).  
The claims formulated by the clients in those individual proceedings concern (A) primarily the 
declaration of (i) invalidity of the contract and (ii) reimbursement of principal and interest payments as 
undue performance, in either case due to the alleged abusive nature of indexation clauses; or (B) 
alternatively maintenance of the payment obligations under the loan agreement in PLN and with interest 
rate indexed to CHF Libor.  
In addition, Bank Millennium is a party to group proceedings (class action). The subject matter of such 
class action is to determine Bank Millennium's liability towards the group members based on unjust 
enrichment (undue benefit) in connection with the FX mortgage loans. A judgment in these proceedings 
will not directly grant a right to any compensation amounts to the group members that have initiated 
this class action. There are 3,273 credit agreements covered by these proceedings. On 24 May 2022, the 
court issued a judgment on the merits, dismissing the claim in full. Both parties requested a written 
justification of the judgment. On 13 December 2022, the claimant filed an appeal against the judgment 
of 24 May 2022 to which Bank Millennium also filed its response.  
There has been an aggressive advertising campaign in Poland to encourage litigation against the 
financial sector which affected the number of court disputes. Until the end of 2019, 1,982 individual 
claims were filed against Bank Millennium and 236 against the former Euro Bank, S.A.. In 2020, the 
number of claims against Bank Millennium increased by 3,006 and by 265 against former Euro Bank, 
S.A. In 2021, the number of claims against Bank Millennium increased by 6,153 and by 422 against 
former Euro Bank, S.A. In 2022, the number of claims against Bank Millennium increased by 5,750 
and by 408 against former Euro Bank, S.A. 
According to the Polish Banking Association ("ZBP"), and based on data gathered from all Polish banks 
having FX mortgage loans, the vast majority of disputes were finally resolved in favour of banks until 
2019. However, since the Court of Justice of the European Union ("CJEU") judgment issued on 3 
October 2019 (Case C-260/18) the vast majority of court cases have been decided against the banks. As 
far as Bank Millennium is concerned, from 2015 and until the end of 2022, 1,173 cases were finally 
resolved (1,111 claims submitted by clients against Bank Millennium and 62 claims submitted by Bank 
Millennium against clients, i.e., debt collection cases), of of which 354 were settlements, 46 were 
remissions, 53 rulings were favourable for Bank Millennium and 720 were unfavourable, including both 
invalidation of loan agreements as well as conversions of payment obligations to PLN and interest 
indexed to CHF LIBOR. Bank Millennium has been filing appeals against unfavourable judgements of 
the courts of first instance as well as cassation appeals to the Supreme Court against unfavourable 
legally binding verdicts. Currently, the statistics of first and second instance court decisions are 
increasingly unfavourable to Bank Millennium.

--- Page 44 ---
44 
 
The total outstanding gross balance of the loan agreements under individual court cases and class action 
against Bank Millennium on 31 December 2022 was PLN 5,576 million (EUR 1,191.05 million).  
If all of Bank Millennium’s originated loan agreements currently under individual and class action court 
proceedings would be declared invalid without proper compensation for the use of capital, the pre-tax 
cost for Bank Millennium could reach PLN 5,499 million (EUR 1,174.6 million). Overall losses may 
be higher or lower depending on final court decisions in this regard.  
During 2022, Bank Millennium created provisions in the amount of PLN 1,844 million (EUR 393.88 
million) and PLN 173 million (EUR 36.95 million) in respect of the former Euro Bank, S.A. originated 
portfolio. The balance sheet value of provisions for the Bank Millennium portfolio at the end of 
December 2022 was PLN 4,986 million (EUR 1.06 billion) and PLN 409 million (EUR 87.36 million) 
in respect of the former Euro Bank, S.A. originated portfolio. 
The methodology developed by Bank Millennium for calculating provisions for legal risk arising from 
FX-indexed mortgage loans is based on the following main parameters:  
1) the number of current cases (including class actions) and potential future lawsuits that arise 
within a three-year time horizon;  
2) the amount of Bank Millennium's potential loss in the event of a specific court judgment; 
3) the probability of obtaining a specific court judgement calculated on the basis of statistics of 
decisions of the banking sector in Poland and legal opinions obtained;  
4) in the case of the scenario of cancellation of the loan agreement, the calculation of Bank 
Millennium's loss is assessed taking into account the assignment of a minimum probability of 
obtaining remuneration for the use of capital;  
5) estimates with respect to amicable settlements with clients, in court or out of court: 
 
negotiations are conducted on a case-by-case basis and can be stopped at any time by Bank 
Millennium; 
 
as the negotiations’ efforts have already been material in the past, the probability of success 
may be lower in the future and at the same time, gradually most of the client base has had 
contact with Bank Millennium regarding potential negotiation of the conversion of the 
loans to PLN, so Bank Millennium is taking a conservative approach when calculating the 
potential future impact for the time being. 
The legal risks relating to the former Euro Bank, S.A. portfolio is fully covered by an indemnity 
agreement with Société Générale entered into in connection with the sale of a 99.79% stake of Euro 
Bank, S.A. to Bank Millennium. 
Bank Millennium analysed the sensitivity of the methodology for calculating provisions, for which a 
change in the parameters would affect the value of the estimated loss to the legal risk of litigation: 
 
Parameter 
Scenario 
Impact on loss due to legal risk related to the 
portfolio of mortgage loans in convertible 
currencies 
Change in the number of lawsuits 
Additionally, 1 p.p. of active clients file a 
lawsuit against Bank Millennium 
PLN 35 million (EUR 7.48 million) 
Change in the probability of winning a 
case 
The probability of Bank Millennium winning a 
case is lower by 1 p.p 
PLN 41 million (EUR 8.76 million)

--- Page 45 ---
45 
 
Change in estimated losses for each 
variant of the judgment 
Increase in losses for each variant of the 
judgment by 1 p.p 
PLN 40 million (EUR 8.54 million) 
Bank Millennium is open to negotiating favourable conditions for the early repayment or conversion of 
loans to PLN on a case by case basis. As a result of these negotiations and other natural drivers, the 
number of active FX mortgage loans decreased by 8,449 in 2021 and 7,943 in 2022. As of the end of 
2022, Bank Millennium had 38,011 active FX mortgage loans. Cost incurred in conjunction with these 
negotiations totalled PLN 364.5 million (EUR 77.86 million) in 2021 and PLN 515.2 million (EUR 
110.05 million) in 2022. 
Finally, as at 31 December 2022, Bank Millennium had to maintain additional own funds for the 
coverage of additional capital requirements related to FX mortgage portfolio risks (Pillar II FX buffer) 
in the amount of 1.95 percentage points (1.94 percentage points at the Group level), part of which is 
allocated to operational/legal risk. 
CJEU and Supreme Court rulings relevant to risk assessment 
On 3 October 2019, the CJEU issued the judgment in Case C-260/18 in connection with preliminary 
questions formulated by the District Court of Warsaw in the case against Raiffeisen Bank International 
AG. The judgment of the CJEU, as regards the interpretation of European Union law, is binding on 
domestic courts. The judgment in question interpreted Article 6 of Council Directive 93/13/EEC of 5 
April 1993 on unfair terms in consumer contracts establishing that said provision must be interpreted 
(i) as not precluding a national court, after finding that certain terms of a loan agreement indexed to a 
foreign currency and subject to an interest rate directly linked to the interbank rate of the currency 
concerned are unfair, from taking the view, in accordance with its domestic law, that that contract cannot 
continue in existence without those terms because the effect of their removal would be to alter the nature 
of the main subject matter of the contract; (ii) the consequences for the consumer of a contract being 
annulled in its entirety, must be assessed in the light of the existing or foreseeable circumstances at the 
time when the dispute arose; and, for the purposes of that assessment, the wishes expressed by the 
consumer in that regard are the decisive factor; (iii) as precluding gaps in a contract caused by the 
removal of the unfair terms contained in that contract from being filled solely on the basis of national 
provisions of a general nature which provide that the effects expressed in a legal transaction are to be 
supplemented, inter alia, by the effects arising from the principle of equity or from established customs, 
which are neither supplementary provisions nor provisions applicable where the parties to the contract 
so agree; and (iv) as precluding unfair terms contained in a contract from being upheld where their 
removal would entail that contract being annulled and the court takes the view that such annulment 
would give rise to unfavourable effects for the consumer, if the latter has not consented to them being 
upheld. 
The CJEU judgment concerns only the situation where the national court has previously found the 
contract term to be abusive. It is the exclusive competence of the national courts to assess, in the course 
of judicial proceedings, whether a particular contract term can be regarded as abusive in the 
circumstances of the case.  
On 29 April 2021, the CJEU issued the judgement in the case C-19/20 in connection with the 
preliminary questions formulated by the District Court in Gdańsk in the case against of ex-BPH S.A. 
The CJEU stated that Council Directive 93/13/EEC of 5 April 1993 on unfair terms in consumer 
contracts must be interpreted as meaning that (i) it is for the national court to find that a term in a 
contract concluded between a seller or supplier and a consumer is unfair, even if it has been 
contractually amended by those parties. Such a finding leads to the restoration of the situation that the 
consumer would have been in in the absence of the term found to be unfair, except where the consumer, 
by means of amendment of the unfair term, has waived such restoration by free and informed consent, 
which is for the national court to ascertain. However, it does not follow from that provision that a finding

--- Page 46 ---
46 
 
that the original term is unfair would, in principle, lead to annulment of the contract, since the 
amendment of that term made it possible to restore the balance between the obligations and rights of 
those parties arising under the contract and to remove the defect which vitiated it; (ii) they do not 
preclude the national court from removing only the unfair element of a term in a contract concluded 
between a seller or supplier and a consumer where the deterrent objective pursued by that directive is 
ensured by national legislative provisions governing the use of that term, provided that that element 
consists of a separate contractual obligation, capable of being subject to an individual examination of 
its unfair nature and those provisions preclude the referring court from removing only the unfair element 
of a term in a contract concluded between a seller or supplier and a consumer where such removal would 
amount to revising the content of that term by altering its substance, which is for that court to determine; 
(iii) the consequences of a judicial finding that a term if a contract concluded between a seller or supplier 
and a consumer is unfair are covered by national law and the question of continuity of the contract 
should be assessed by the national court of its own motion in accordance with an objective approach on 
the basis of those provisions; and (iv) it is for the national court, finding that a term in a contract 
concluded between a seller or supplier and a consumer, to inform the consumer, in the context of the 
national procedural rules after both parties have been heard, of the legal consequences entailed by 
annulment of the contract, irrespective of whether the consumer is represented by a professional 
representative. 
On 18 November 2021, the CJEU issued a judgment in case C-212/20 in connection with questions 
submitted by the District Court for Warsaw Wola, in Warsaw, in the case against Raiffeisen Bank 
International AG. The CJEU stated the Council Directive 93/13/EEC of 5 April 1993 on unfair terms 
in consumer contracts must be interpreted (i) as meaning that the content of a clause of a loan agreement 
concluded between a seller or supplier and a consumer that sets the buying and selling prices of a foreign 
currency to which the loan is indexed must enable a consumer who is reasonably well informed and 
reasonably observant and circumspect to understand, on the basis of clear and intelligible criteria, the 
way in which the foreign currency exchange rate used to calculate the amount of the repayment 
instalments is set, in order to enable such consumer to determine, at any time, the exchange rate applied 
by the seller or supplier; and (ii) as precluding the national court, which has found that a term of a 
contract concluded between a seller or supplier and a consumer is unfair, within the meaning of Article 
3(1) of that directive, from interpreting that term in order to remedy its unfairness, even if that 
interpretation would correspond to the common intention of the parties to that contract. 
On 10 June 2021, the CJEU issued an order in case C-198/20 in connection with questions submitted 
by the District Court for Warsaw Wola in Warsaw in the case against Santander Bank Polska SA. The 
CJEU stated that the protection provided for in Council Directive 93/13/EEC is granted to all 
consumers, not just those who can be considered to be 'duly informed and reasonably observant and 
circumspect average consumers'. 
On 8 September 2022, the CJEU issued a judgment in joined cases C-80/21, C-81/21, C-82/21 in 
connection with questions submitted by the District Court for Warsaw Śródmieście in Warsaw in cases 
against Deutsche Bank SA and mBank SA. The CJEU stated the Council Directive 93/13/EEC of 5 
April 1993 on unfair terms in consumer contracts must be interpreted (i) as precluding national case-
law according to which the national court may declare unfair not the entire term of a contract concluded 
between a consumer and a seller or supplier, but only those parts of it which are unfair, so that the term 
remains partially effective after the removal of those parts, where such removal would be tantamount 
to revising the content of the term by affecting its substance, which is a matter for the national court to 
determine; (ii) as precluding national case-law according to which the national court may, after finding 
that an unfair term contained in a contract concluded between a consumer and a seller or supplier is 
void and does not result in the annulment of that contract as a whole, replace that term with a 
supplementary provision of national law; (iii) as precluding national case-law according to which the 
national court may, after finding that an unfair term contained in a contract concluded between a 
consumer and a seller or supplier is void and that the contract as a whole is void, replace the annulled

--- Page 47 ---
47 
 
term either by interpreting the parties’ wishes in order to avoid the annulment of the contract, or by 
applying to the annulled unfair term a supplementary provision of national law, even though the 
consumer has been informed of the consequences of the annulment of that contract and has accepted 
them; and (iv) as precluding national case-law according to which the 10 year limitation period for a 
consumer’s action for the restitution of sums unduly paid to a seller or supplier in performance of an 
unfair term contained in a credit agreement with a duration of 30 years begins to run on the date of each 
performance by the consumer, even though the consumer was not in a position, at that date, to assess 
the unfairness of the contractual term himself or herself or was not aware of the unfairness of the term, 
and regardless of the fact that the contract had a repayment period, in this case 30 years, which is much 
longer than the statutory limitation period of ten years. 
On 7 May 2021, the Polish Supreme Court, composed of seven judges of the Supreme Court, issued a 
resolution for which the meaning of legal principle has been granted, stating that:  
1. An abusive contractual clause (art. 3851 § 1 of the Polish Civil Code), by force of the law itself, 
is ineffective to the benefit of the consumer who may consequently give conscious and free 
consent to this clause and thus restore its effectiveness retroactively; 
2. If, without the ineffective clause, the loan agreement cannot be binding, the consumer and the 
lender shall be entitled for separate claims for return of cash benefits made to the other part 
during the term of this agreement (art. 410 § 1 in relation to art. 405 of the Polish Civil Code). 
The lender may demand return of the performance from the moment the loan agreement 
becomes definitively ineffective. 
The effect of the Polish Supreme Court's resolution of 7 May 2021 is that Bank Millennium is entitled 
to a refund of the cash benefit provided by the bank in performance of a permanently ineffective 
contract. Taking into account the uncertainty as to the starting point of the limitation period for the 
bank's claims, Bank Millennium, in order to protect its interests, files lawsuits for payment against 
borrowers in a court dispute with the bank. Bank Millennium's demand consists of a claim for return of 
the capital made available to the borrower under the contract and a claim for reimbursement of the 
equivalent of the benefit obtained by the borrower in connection with the use of the capital made 
available (equivalent to the financial service). By 31 December 2022, Bank Millennium had filed over 
3,000 lawsuits against borrowers. Due to the ongoing proceedings on questions referred for a 
preliminary ruling referred to below (C-520/21, C-756/22) concerning the scope of claims of the parties 
to an invalid contract, no final decision has yet been issued in Bank Millennium's cases containing a 
substantive assessment of the Bank's claims for reimbursement of benefits related to the use of capital. 
On 28 April 2022, the Supreme Court issued a resolution (III CZP 40/22) in which it indicated that in 
disputes with consumers, the provision of Article 358º §1 of the Polish Civil Code is a special provision 
to Article 353º §1 of the Civil Code, which means that if the prerequisites for the application of both 
provisions exist, the court should apply the special provision and declare the contractual provision 
definitively ineffective, rather than invalid. This decision of the Supreme Court should be perceived as 
significantly limiting the risk of Bank Millennium's claims for return of capital being time-barred. 
In this context, taking into consideration the recent negative evolution in the court verdicts regarding 
FX mortgage loans, and if such trend continues, Bank Millennium will have to regularly review and 
may need to continue to increase the balance of provisions allocated to court litigations. 
It can be reasonably assumed that the legal issues relating to foreign currency mortgage loans will be 
further examined by the national courts, possibly resulting in the emergence of further interpretations, 
which may be relevant for the assessment of the risks associated with FX mortgage loan proceedings. 
This circumstance indicates the need for constant analysis of these matters. Further request for

--- Page 48 ---
48 
 
clarification and ruling addressed to the European Court of Justice and the Polish Supreme Court have 
already been filed and may still be filed with a potential impact on the outcome of the court cases.  
Other events that may impact foreign currency-indexed mortgage loans legal risk and related provision 
On 29 January 2021, a set of questions addressed by the First President of the Polish Supreme Court to 
the full Civil Chamber of the Supreme Court was published. This may have important consequences in 
terms of clarifications of relevant aspects of the court rulings and their consequences. The Civil 
Chamber of the Supreme Court has been requested to answer certain questions concerning key matters 
related to FX mortgage agreements: (i) is it possible to replace with a legal provisions or according 
commons practices - the abusive provisions of an agreement which refer to FX exchange rate 
determination; (ii) in case of impossibility of determining the exchange rate of a foreign currency in the 
indexed/denominated credit agreement - is it possible to keep the agreement still in force in its 
remaining scope; (iii) if in case of invalidity of the CHF credit there would be applicable the theory of 
balance (i.e. does arise a single claim which is equal to the difference between value of claims of bank 
and the customer) or the theory of two conditions (separate claims for the bank and for the client that 
should be dealt with separately). The Polish Supreme Court has also been requested to answer (iv) from 
which point in time there shall be starting the limitation period in case of bank's claim for repayment of 
amounts made available as a loan and (v) whether banks and consumers may receive remuneration for 
using their pecuniary means by another party. 
On 11 May 2021, the Civil Chamber of the Polish Supreme Court requested opinions on Swiss franc 
mortgage loans from five institutions including the National Bank of Poland (NBP), the Polish Financial 
Supervision Authority (PFSA), the Commissioner for Human Rights, the Children's Rights 
Ombudsman and the Financial Ombudsman.  
The positions of: the Commissioner for Human Rights, the Children's Rights Ombudsman and the 
Financial Ombudsman are in general favourable to consumers, while the National Bank of Poland and 
the Polish Financial Supervision Authority present a more balanced position, including fair principles 
of treatment of FX mortgage borrowers vis-à-vis PLN mortgage borrowers, as well as balanced 
economic aspects regarding solutions for the problem that could be considered by the Polish Supreme 
Court. 
In the following meeting of the Supreme Court that took place on 2 September 2021, the Court did not 
address the answers to the submitted questions and no new meeting date is known. 
On 12 August 2021, in the case for payment brought by a consumer against Bank Millennium the CJEU 
was asked for a preliminary ruling (C-520/21) whether, in the event that a loan agreement concluded 
by a bank and a consumer is deemed invalid from the beginning due to unfair contract terms, the parties, 
in addition to the reimbursement of the money paid in contracts (bank - loan capital, consumer - 
instalments, fees, commissions and insurance premiums) and statutory interest for delay from the 
moment of demanding for payment, may also claim any other benefits, including receivables in 
particular, remuneration, compensation, reimbursement of costs or valorisation of the performance. The 
hearing was held on 12 October 2022. The hearing was attended by representatives of Bank Millennium, 
the consumer's representative, representatives of the European Commission, the Polish government, the 
Financial Ombudsman, the Commissioner for Human Rights, the Polish Financial Supervision 
Authority and the prosecutor. In its position, the European Commission opposed granting banks the 
right to an additional financial benefit for the consumer's use of the capital provided. At the same time, 
the European Commission concluded that granting consumers the right to an additional financial benefit 
will not be contrary to the EU law. The representatives of the Polish government, the Financial 
Ombudsman, the Commissioner for Human Rights and the prosecutor also objected to granting banks 
the right to an additional benefit. The Chairman of the Polish Financial Supervision Authority pointed 
out that the essence of the problem is not the abusiveness of contractual clauses, but the appreciation of

--- Page 49 ---
49 
 
the Swiss Franc (CHF) against the zloty (PLN). In the opinion of the Chairman of the Polish Financial 
Supervision Authority, banks are entitled to economic compensation for allowing another entity to use 
the capital.  
Regarding the case C-520/21 which is awaiting decision by the CJEU, whose object essentially concerns 
possible compensation for financing when a mortgage loan agreement indexed to foreign currency 
concluded between a consumer and a bank is declared void from the beginning due to unfair contract 
terms, the Advocate General issued an opinion on 16 February 2023 in the sense that the Article 6 no. 
1 and Article 7 no. 1 of Council Directive 93/13/EC of 5 of April 1993, concerning unfair terms in 
contracts concluded with consumers, must be interpreted as: 
• 
not precluding a jurisprudential interpretation of national law under which the consumer, in 
addition to reimbursement the amounts paid under that contract and paying default interest at 
the statutory rate from the date of the reimbursement request, may present additional claims to 
the bank as a result of that declaration of invalidity. It is thus a matter for the national court to 
determine, by reference to its domestic law, whether consumers have the right to assert claims 
of that nature and, if so, to rule on their merits. 
• 
precluding a jurisprudential interpretation of national law under which, the bank in addition to 
the reimbursement of the amounts paid under that contract and paying default interest at the 
statutory rate from the date of the reimbursement request, may present additional claims against 
the consumer as a result of that declaration of invalidity. 
If the final decision of the CJEU judge comes in the same direction as that of the Advocate General, 
this may lead to an increase in provisions for legal risk related to mortgage loans in CHF, especially if 
this results in a revision of the expected influx of new cases in court. 
On 9 December 2022, in the case brought by Bank Millennium against the borrower for payment – 
return of the capital made available to the borrower on the basis of an invalid capital contract and the 
equivalent value of the benefit related to the borrower's use of capital, the court referred a question to 
the CJEU for a preliminary ruling whether, if it is found that the loan contract concluded by the bank 
and the consumer is invalid from the beginning due to the conclusion of unfair contractual terms, in 
addition to the return of money paid in the performance of this contract (loan principal) and statutory 
late payment interest from the moment of the request for payment, the bank may also demand any other 
benefits, including receivables, in particular remuneration, compensation, reimbursement of costs or 
valorisation of the benefit. The case was registered under the reference number C-756/22. Referring the 
question, the court asked the CJEU to join the case with the above-mentioned ongoing proceedings 
under reference number C-520/21. The CJEU decided not to join the cases and simultaneously 
suspended case C-756/22 up to judgment in case C- 520/21. 
On 8 December 2020, Mr. Jacek Jastrzębski, the Chairman of the Polish Financial Supervision 
Authority ("PFSA") proposed a ‘sector’ solution to address the sector risks related to FX mortgages. 
The solution would consist in the offering by banks to their clients of a voluntary possibility of 
concluding arrangements based on which a client would conclude with the bank a settlement as if from 
the beginning his/her loan had been a PLN loan bearing interest at an appropriate WIBOR rate increased 
by the margin historically employed for such loan. 
Following that public announcement, the idea was subject of consultations between banks under the 
auspices of the PFSA and Polish Banking Association. Banks in general have assessed the conditions 
under which such solution could be implemented and consequent impacts. 
As expressed in previous financial reports, when that assessment was done, in the view of the 
Management Board of Bank Millennium, there were certain important aspects to take into consideration

--- Page 50 ---
50 
 
when deciding on potential implementation of such program, as follows: a) favourable opinion or at 
least non-objection from important public institutions; b) support from National Bank of Poland to the 
implementation; c) level of legal certainty of the settlement agreements to be signed with the borrowers; 
d) level of the financial impact on a pre- and after tax basis; and e) capital consequences including 
regulatory adjustments in the level of capital requirements associated with FX mortgage loans.  
Based on current information some of the above-mentioned aspects are not likely to be fully clarified 
and/or achieved.  
Any decision regarding implementation of such program would require the Management Board to 
submit it to the Supervisory Board and General Shareholders meeting of Bank Millennium given the 
relevance of such decision and its implications.  
Despite the fact that not all of those aspects have been possible to clarify, Bank Millennium has been 
using elements of such solution on several individual negotiations with FX mortgage borrowers, 
including in the course of court proceedings. 
Due to the complexity and uncertainty regarding the outcome of court cases, including counter-claims, 
as well as from potential implementation of the PFSA Chairman solution or other negotiation solutions 
or from potential Supreme Court decisions or European Court of Justice decisions, it is difficult to 
reliably estimate final impacts from different potential outcomes as at the date of this Offering Circular.  
The Bank is exposed to the credit risk of its customers. 
The Bank is exposed to its customers' credit risk. Gross exposure to risk of credit (position in original 
risk) on 31 December 2022 was EUR 107.7 billion. 
As at 31 December 2022, the breakdown of this exposure was the following: EUR 22.9 billion for 
central governments or central banks, EUR 1.0 billion for regional administrations or local authorities, 
EUR 0.4 billion for administrative entities and non-profit organisations, EUR 0.1 billion for multilateral 
development banks, EUR 3.3 billion for other credit institutions, EUR 69.8 billion for retail and 
companies customers and EUR 10.2 billion for other elements. 
According to Banco de Portugal latest available data, Portugal's NPL coverage by loan loss reserves 
("LLR") was 53.6% in September 2022 and the NPL ratio (loans only) stood at 3.2%. The Bank NPEs 
(loans only) as at 31 December 2022 were EUR 2.2 billion (3.8%) with a coverage by impairments of 
68.3% and a coverage by impairments, collaterals of 114.8%. The Bank NPE ratio according to the 
European Banking Association (the "EBA") definition stood at 2.6% as at 31 December 2022, which 
compares to 3.2% as at 31 December 2021. 
The risk of a worldwide economic slowdown as a result of the adverse effects of the war between Russia 
and Ukraine, namely through the worsening of inflationary pressures, restrictions in production chains 
and the increase in uncertainty and instability in international financial markets  may prove to be a 
challenge in continuing reducing the exposure to problematic loans, at least at the same pace as in 
previous years, and also may create some pressure to increase somewhat the cost of risk in the next 12 
to 24 months.  
A general deterioration of the Portuguese economy (and/or of the global economy) and the systemic 
risk of financial systems due to structural imbalances could affect the recovery and value of the Bank's 
assets and require increased credit impairments, which would adversely affect the Bank's financial 
condition and results of operations. This could further increase the Bank's NPL and NPE ratios and 
impair the Bank's loan portfolio and other financial assets.

--- Page 51 ---
51 
 
The Bank is exposed to further deterioration of asset quality. 
The value of assets collateralising the Bank's secured loans could decline significantly as a result of a 
general decline in market prices or a decline in the value of the asset class underlying the collateral, 
which could result in an increase of the impairment recognised for the collateralised loans granted by 
the Group. In 2022, the Group's commercial activity continued its good performance, albeit at a more 
subdue pace, with further expansion of the volume of the loan portfolio. Finally, a decline in equity and 
debt market prices could also have an impact on the quality of the Bank's collateral linked to financial 
assets leading to a reduction in coverage ratios. 
Although the Portuguese macroeconomic recovery and considering the Bank's older loan exposures to 
some of the more vulnerable sectors in the economy, in 2022, the Bank continued to increase the level 
of coverage through impairments. 
Regarding exposures classified as NPEs as at 31 March 2018 (stock of NPEs as at 31 March 2018): 
• 
For guaranteed NPEs older than 7 years, the NPE recommendation included in the 2019 SREP 
decision indicated 60% coverage by the end of 2021, with a linear adjustment path to full 
coverage by the end of 2025 (BCP had 85.7% coverage as of December 2022); 
• 
For unsecured NPEs older than 2 years, the NPE recommendation included in the 2019 SREP 
decision indicated 70% coverage by the end of 2021, with a linear adjustment path to full 
coverage by the end of 2024 (BCP had 82.4% coverage as of December 2022). 
Based on the SREP carried out in 2021, the ECB informed BCP of its supervisory recommendations 
regarding NPEs. The objective is to ensure that BCP has sufficient coverage of the stock and flow of 
NPE in the medium term. 
A phased introduction to full application (i.e., 100% coverage) is considered to allow more time to 
resolve/reduce these exposures and to spread the financial burden of provisioning NPEs over time. 
The Bank's consolidated gross loan portfolio, as at 31 December 2022, was EUR 57.7 billion (of which 
EUR 56.2 billion were recorded in the caption "Financial assets at amortised cost – Loans to customers", 
EUR 1.5 billion were recorded in the caption "Debt securities held associated with credit operations" 
and EUR 0.021 billion were recorded in the caption "Financial assets not held for trading mandatorily 
at fair value through profit or loss - Loans and advances to customers at fair value"). The ratio of NPEs 
(loans only) stood at 3.8% as at 31 December 2022, compared to 4.7% as at 31 December 2021. As at 
31 December 2022, the loan portfolio in Portugal amounted to EUR 40.1 billion. In Portugal, the ratio 
of NPEs stood at 3.4% as at 31 December 2022, compared to 4.7% as at 31 December 2021. 
NPEs in Portugal amounted to EUR 1.36 billion as at 31 December 2022, with EUR 0.3 billion of NPEs 
relating to individuals and EUR 1.0 billion to companies. 24.5% of NPEs are NPLs more than 90 days. 
NPE coverage as at 31 December 2022 was 132% for Companies (79% by LLRs, 55% by real estate 
collateral and 2% by other collateral) and 106% for Individuals (37% by LLRs, 68% by real estate 
collateral and 1% by other collateral). NPLs more than 90 days' coverage as at 31 December 2022 was 
226% for Companies (186% by LLRs, 37% by real estate collateral and 3% by other collateral) and 
106% for Individuals (50% by LLRs, 55% by real estate collateral and 1% by other collateral). Other 
NPE coverage as at 31 December 2022 was 114% for Companies (58% by LLRs, 54% by real estate 
collateral and 2% by other collateral) and 106% for Individuals (29% by LLRs, 76% by real estate 
collateral and 1% by other collateral). 
Loan impairment (net of recoveries) amounted to EUR 300.6 million in 2022 recorded in the caption 
"Impairment for financial assets at amortised cost – Loans and advances to customers", compared to

--- Page 52 ---
52 
 
EUR 348.9 million in 2021, recorded in the caption "Impairment for financial assets at amortised cost 
– Loans and advances to customers" and EUR 509.9 million in 2020, recorded in the caption "Loans 
impairment". From 2011 to 31 December 2022, the Bank made impairment provisions amounting to 
EUR 9.5 billion. Cost of risk1, measured by the proportion of loan impairment annualised charges (net 
of recoveries) compared to loans to customers (gross), stood at 52 basis points in 2022, compared to 60 
basis points in 2021, compared to 92 basis points in 2020, 72 basis points in 2019 and 92 basis points 
in 2018. The persistence, or deepening, of the current crisis, general market volatility, sluggish 
economic growth and increased unemployment, coupled with inflation or a sharp increase in risk 
premiums required would lead to increased loan impairment costs and, consequently, to the reduction 
of the Bank's net income. In addition, the level of impairment and other reserves may not be sufficient 
to cover possible future impairment losses, and it may be necessary to create additional provisions of 
significant amounts. Any failure in risk management or control policies relating to credit risk could 
adversely affect the Bank's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
In Poland, the NPL ratio as at 31 December 2022 was 2.0%, a decrease when compared to 2.2% as at 
31 December 2021. 
In Mozambique, the NPL ratio as at 31 December 2022 was 8.2%, a decrease when compared to 10.8% 
as at 31 December 2021. 
Credit risk and deterioration of asset quality not only are mutually reinforcing, but also assume an 
important role in the current economic environment characterised by the adverse effects of the war 
between Russia and Ukraine, namely through the worsening of inflationary pressures and restrictions 
in production chains and the increase in uncertainty. If there is any reduction in the value of assets 
securing loans that have been granted or if the value of assets is not sufficient to cover the exposure to 
derivative instruments, the Bank would be exposed to an even higher credit risk of non-collection in the 
case of non-performance, which, in turn, may affect the Bank's ability to comply with its payment 
obligations. The Bank cannot guarantee that it would be able to realise adequate proceeds from disposals 
of collateral to cover loan losses, or that in the fiscal year 2021 and/or in future reporting periods, it will 
not raise impairment charges from recent levels. Deterioration in the credit risk exposure of the Bank 
may have a material and adverse effect on the Bank's business, financial condition, results of operations 
and prospects. 
The Bank is vulnerable to fluctuations in interest rates, which may negatively affect net interest 
income and lead to net loss and other adverse consequences. 
As from 10 May 2023, the interest applied by the ECB to the main refinancing operations is 3.75%, 
while the one that applies to permanent deposit facilities is 3.25%. These two interest rates serve as 
determinant references for the level at which market interest rates are established (in particular, 
EURIBOR). 
The Bank's profitability depends largely on its ability to generate a net interest income (the difference 
between the interest rates received in credit operations and the interest rates paid to deposits). 
A significant part of the Bank's funding comes from retail deposits. In a positive and increasing interest 
rate environment, the Bank may increase the remuneration rate of such deposits following the increase 
of the interest rate applicable to credit operations.  
Interest rates are highly sensitive to many factors beyond the Bank's control, including policy changes 
of the monetary authorities and other national and international political constraints. Changes in market 
interest rates could affect the interest rates the Bank charges on interest-earning assets differently from 
                                                     
1  
As used in this Offering Circular, "Cost of risk" means the ratio of impairment charges (net of recoveries) accounted to customer 
loans (gross).

--- Page 53 ---
53 
 
those it pays on interest-bearing liabilities. These differences could impact the Bank's net interest 
income. 
An increase of interest rates in the Eurozone, as result of a non-transitory surge in inflation, could 
increase the costs associated with debt repayment in Portugal and aggravate the financial conditions of 
the country in general, namely if the interest rate increase is not adequate for the particular 
macroeconomic conditions of the Portuguese economy. An increase in interest rates could reduce 
demand for loans and the Bank's capacity to grant loans to customers, contribute to increased loan 
default and/or increased interest expense with deposits. This could result in material adverse effects on 
the Bank's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
Interest rate changes or volatility may materially and adversely affect the Bank's net income, business, 
financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
The Bank is exposed to concentration risk, including concentration risk in its credit exposure. 
The Bank is exposed to the credit risk of its customers, including risks arising from the high 
concentration of individual or economic group exposures in its loan portfolio. The Group’s 20 largest 
performing exposures (non-NPE), as at 31 December 2022, in terms of Exposure at Default and using 
the concept of “Groups of Clients/Corporate Groups”, excluding the risk classes of “Banks and 
Sovereigns” stood at 6.4% which compares to 6.1% as at 31 December 2021. 
The Bank also has high sectoral concentration in its loan book. As at 31 December 2022, the Bank's 
credit exposure to the real estate and civil construction sectors was 3.5% (real estate activities) and 2.4% 
(construction companies) of the total loan portfolio at the amortised cost (gross). On that date, 48.8% 
of the loan portfolio consisted of mortgage loans, the exposure to retail and wholesale commerce was 
5.7% and the exposure to service sector companies was 24.4%. 
As at 31 December 2021, the Bank's credit exposure to the real estate and civil construction sectors was 
3.3% (real estate activities) and 3.0% (construction companies) of the total loan portfolio at the 
amortised cost (gross). On that date, 48.3% of the loan portfolio consisted of mortgage loans, the 
exposure to retail and wholesale commerce was 7.3% and the exposure to service sector companies was 
14.3%. 
As at 31 December 2020, the Bank's credit exposure to the real estate and civil construction sectors was 
3.4% (real estate activities) and 3.2% (construction companies) of the total loan portfolio at the 
amortised cost (gross). On that date, 47.5% of the loan portfolio consisted of mortgage loans, the 
exposure to retail and commerce was 7.2% and the exposure to service sector companies was 14.8%. 
Concentration is common for most of the main Portuguese banks, given the small size of the Portuguese 
market, and has been noted by the rating agencies as a fundamental challenge facing the Portuguese 
banking system. Rating agencies have been particularly critical of the Bank's exposure to larger 
customers and, especially, exposure to its shareholders. Although the Bank carries out its business based 
on strict risk control policies, in particular with respect to credit risk, and seeks to increase the 
diversification of its loan portfolio, it is not possible to guarantee that the exposure to these groups will 
not be increased or that exposure will fall in the future. If exposure increases in the future, it could have 
a material adverse effect on the Bank's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
The Bank is exposed to a contraction of the real estate market. 
The Bank is highly exposed to the Portuguese real estate market by means of the credit granted to 
construction companies, real estate activities, and mortgage loans, which represented 2.4%, 3.5% and 
48.8% of the consolidated loan portfolio at the amortised cost, respectively, as at 31 December 2022 in

--- Page 54 ---
54 
 
assets related to its operations or obtained in lieu of payment, and indirectly through properties securing 
loans or through funding of real estate development projects (assets received in lieu of payment in 
Portugal represented 0.3% of total assets of the Bank as at 31 December 2022), and through the exposure 
to closed-ended real estate funds and to the pension fund and real estate properties in the Bank's balance 
sheet. 
Assets held on the Bank's balance sheet received in lieu of payment (real estate assets only) decreased 
from EUR 804 million as at 31 December 2020 to 565 million as at 31 December 2021 to EUR 262 
million as at 31 December 2022 (impairments of EUR 140 million as at 31 December 2020, 116 million 
as at 31 December 2021 and EUR 78 million as at 31 December 2022). The coverage of assets received 
in lieu of payment stood at 17.4% as at 31 December 2020, 20.5% as at 31 December 2021 and 29.8% 
as at 31 December 2022. In 2022, the Bank sold 1,541 properties, from its portfolio of properties for 
EUR 272 million, above its book value of EUR 241 million. 
The exposure to closed-end investment funds, whose units were received following operations where 
properties were recovered in lieu of payment and that, in accordance with IAS/IFRS, were subject to 
consolidation, represented EUR 267 million as at 31 December 2022 (EUR 279 million as at 31 
December 2021). The item Investment Properties includes the amount EUR 0.02 million as at 31 
December 2022 and EUR 2.9 million as at 30 September 2021, concerning properties held by Fundo de 
Investimento Imobiliário Imosotto Acumulação, by Fundo de Investimento Imobiliário Imorenda and 
by Fundo de Investimento Imobiliário Fechado Fundipar. 
The Bank also performed a set of transactions involving the sale of financial assets to funds specialising 
in the recovery of loans, including Fundo Reestruturação Empresarial FCR, Fundo Recuperação, FCR, 
Fundo Aquarius FCR, Discovery Real Estate Fund and Fundo Vega FCR. 
The item Properties in the Pension Fund Assets, which includes the real estate booked in the pension 
fund's financial statements and used by Group companies, in the pension fund amounted to EUR 275 
million recorded as at 31 December 2022, and EUR 240 million as at 31 December 2021. 
Accordingly, the Bank is vulnerable to a contraction in the real estate market. A significant devaluation 
of prices in the Portuguese real estate market would lead to impairment losses in the assets directly held 
and to an increased exposure to counterparty risk for loans guaranteed by real estate collateral and in 
pension fund assets, adversely affecting the Bank's business, financial condition and results of 
operations. Mortgage loans represented 48.8% of the total loan portfolio as at 31 December 2022) 
(48.3% as at 31 December 2021), with a low delinquency level and an average loan-to-value ratio of 
60%. Although Portugal did not face a housing bubble during the recent financial crisis as did other 
European countries, such as Ireland and Spain, the economic and financial crisis still had an impact on 
the real estate market. Portuguese banks are granting a low amount of new mortgage loans with very 
low spreads, and real estate developers have encountered a difficult market for sales. Moreover, there 
was a reduction in public works activity that severely affected construction companies, which had to 
redirect their activities to foreign markets. Furthermore, difficult credit conditions associated with the 
contraction of tourism have affected certain real estate developers that had been involved with tourism 
related projects, in particular in the southern part of Portugal. All of the aforementioned effects have 
increased delinquency among construction companies and real estate developers, impacting the Bank's 
NPEs (loans only) and contributing to the increase in impairment charges. 
A significant devaluation of prices in the Portuguese real estate market may lead to an increase in 
impairment losses in the assets held directly and in the participating units of the restructuring funds, 
and increased exposure in counterparty risk for loans guaranteed by real estate collateral and in pension 
fund assets retained by the Bank. Any of the foregoing could have a materially adverse effect on the 
Bank's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.

--- Page 55 ---
55 
 
The Bank holds units issued by specialised credit recovery closed-end funds that are subject to 
potential depreciation, for which reimbursement may not be requested and for which there is no 
regularly functioning and liquid secondary market. 
The Bank performed a set of transactions comprising the sale of financial assets (namely loans to 
corporate customers) to funds specialising in loan recovery. These funds currently manage such 
corporate debtors and/or the assets received as collateral for the credit exposures with the objective of 
maximising their value through the implementation of turn-around business plans and their eventual 
sale to industry players or other investors. The credit exposures sold through these transactions were 
removed from the Bank's balance sheet, as the transactions result in the transfer of a substantial portion 
of the risks and benefits associated with the assets to the funds, in addition to control exercised over 
such assets. 
The funds specialised in credit recovery that purchased the financial assets from the Group are closed-
end funds, wherein the participants have no ability to request the reimbursement of their investment 
throughout the contractual life of the fund. Furthermore, given their intrinsic characteristics and those 
of the underlying assets, there is no regularly functioning and liquid secondary market operating for the 
participation units themselves. 
These participation units are held by several banks, which were the sellers of the loans, in proportions 
that vary through the tenor of the funds, though subject to the constraint that no bank may hold more 
than 50% of the capital of each fund.  
• 
 On 29 December 2022, upon verification of the stipulated conditions precedent of the sale and 
purchase agreements entered into on 12 August 2022 between a related company of Davidson 
Kempner Capital Management LP, as purchaser ("Purchaser"), Novo Banco, S.A., Caixa Geral 
de Depósitos, S.A., Banco Santander Totta, S.A., Oitante, S.A. and the Bank, as sellers 
("Sellers"), the Bank completed the sale process of the so-called Project Crow. 
As a result of the closing of the Project Crow: 
(i) the Sellers’ participation units in Fundo de Recuperação Turismo, FCR ("FRT") together with the 
assets directly and indirectly held by FRT were transferred to the Purchaser;  
(ii) the Sellers’ shares in FLIT – PTREL, SICAV-SIF, S.C.A. ("FLIT") together with the assets directly 
and indirectly held by FLIT were transferred to the Purchaser;  
(iii) certain hospitality assets indirectly held by Fundo Recuperação, FCR were acquired by FLIT prior 
to the conclusion of the transaction; and 
(iv) certain assets indirectly held by FLIT and FRT were transferred to certain entities held or controlled 
by the Sellers. 
The Bank’s current exposure to funds specialised in the recovery of loans, recorded in the caption 
"Financial assets not held for trading – mandatorily at fair value through profit or loss", not including 
the carved-out assets from the Crow Project mentioned in the following paragraph, was EUR 360 
million as at 31 December 2022 (gross of the above-mentioned provisions). For further details on this 
topic, please also see "The Bank is exposed to market risk, which could result in the devaluation of 
investment holdings or affect its trading results." 
At the end of December 2022, the designated sale process for the Crow Project was completed, which 
included the sale to a related company of Davidson Kempner Capital Management LP (Purchaser) of 3 
hotel assets belonging to the Fundo Recuperação and the sale of all shares/units of participation of the

--- Page 56 ---
56 
 
FLIT-PTREL and Fundo Recuperação Turismo funds, together with the assets directly and indirectly 
held by these two funds, with the exception of a set of assets that were transferred to the sellers and 
which, in the case of Banco Comercial Português, S.A. include the investment held in a Venture capital 
fund, in 2 real estate funds and in a company. Carved-out assets of the Project Crow, completed in 
December 2022, amounted to EUR 50.4 million. Exposure to other assets Carved-out amount to EUR 
56.4 million as at the end of 2022. 
A possible deterioration in the prospects for recovery of the loans transferred to specialised closed-end 
funds may result in the devaluation of the net assets attributable to unit holders ("NAV") of the held 
participation units and may lead to the recognition of additional impairments.  
As a consequence of the uncertain geopolitical situation in Europe following the invasion of Ukraine 
and considering the impact of the pandemic in economic sectors such as tourism and real estate (two of 
the most represented sectors in the loans transferred to these funds), there is the risk of depreciation of 
the NAV of the participation units held by the Bank, as well as a delay and a deterioration in the terms 
of the potential sale of the participation units. This could have a material adverse effect on the Bank's 
business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
The Bank is exposed to counterparty risk, including credit risk of its counterparties. 
The Bank routinely transacts with counterparties in the financial services industry, including brokers 
and dealers, commercial banks, investment banks, mutual and hedge funds and other institutional 
clients. 
Sovereign credit pressures may weigh on Portuguese financial institutions, limiting their funding 
options and weakening their capital adequacy by reducing the market value of their sovereign and other 
fixed income holdings. These liquidity concerns have adversely impacted, and may continue to 
adversely impact, interim institutional financial transactions in general. Concerns about, or a default by, 
one financial institution could lead to significant liquidity problems and losses or defaults by other 
financial institutions, as the commercial and financial soundness of many financial institutions may be 
closely related as a result of credit, trading, clearing and other relationships. Many of the routine 
transactions the Bank enters into expose it to significant credit risk in the event of default by one of its 
significant counterparties. Even the perceived lack of creditworthiness of, or questions about, a 
counterparty may lead to market-side liquidity pressures or losses or ultimately to an inability of the 
Bank to repay its debt. In addition, the Bank's credit risk may be exacerbated when the collateral it holds 
cannot be enforced upon or is liquidated at prices not sufficient to recover the full amount of the loan 
or derivative exposure. A default by a significant financial and credit counterparty, or liquidity problems 
in the financial services industry in general, could have a material adverse effect on the Bank's business, 
financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
Exposure to credit risk may also derive from the collaterals of loans, interbank operations, clearing and 
settlement and trading activities as well as other activities and relationships. These relationships include 
those with retail customers, brokers and dealers, other commercial banks, investment banks and 
corporate borrowers. Most of these relationships expose the Bank to credit risk in the event of default 
by the counterparty or customer. 
Adverse changes in the credit quality of customers and counterparties of the Bank, a generalised 
deterioration of the Portuguese or global economies or the systemic risk of financial systems due 
primarily to structural imbalance could affect the recovery and value of the Bank's assets and require 
increased impairments, which would adversely affect the Bank's business, financial condition, results 
of operations and prospects.

--- Page 57 ---
57 
 
As the Bank expands its business activities, penetrates new market segments and adopts or acquires, 
directly or through subsidiaries, new business models, such as consumer lending to new-to-bank 
customers, or franchisee-owned branch networks, it may acquire customers with lower credit quality, 
which, if such new pursuits were to grow and acquire a significant weight in the business portfolio, 
could adversely affect the Bank's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
The Bank sells capitalisation insurance products with guaranteed principal and unit linked products, 
exposing the Bank to reputational risk in its role as seller, and financial risk indirectly arising from 
the Group's shareholding in Millenniumbcp Ageas.  
Off-balance sheet customer funds, as at 31 December 2022 totalled EUR 15.6 billion, consisting of 
assets under management (EUR 5.1 billion), assets placed with customers (EUR 5.1 billion) and 
insurance products (EUR 5.3 billion), including unit linked products (EUR 1.0 billion) and 
capitalisation insurance (EUR 4.1 billion), with only the latter being able to ensure capital or a minimum 
income. 
All financial insurances are predominantly placed with retail investors, those being in their majority 
issued and accounted by Millenniumbcp Ageas (in which the Bank has a 49% shareholding) and 
registered by the equity method. Therefore, adverse changes in the underlying assets, a general 
deterioration of the global economy, or the systemic risk of financial systems due to structural 
imbalances may affect the recovery and value of such assets, entailing reputational risks for the Bank 
as a seller of these products as well as financial risks indirectly arising out of the shareholding held by 
the Group in Millenniumbcp Ageas. Any of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on the 
Bank's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
The Bank is exposed to the risk of interest rate repricing of credit granted to customers.  
Mortgage loans represented 48.8% of BCP's total loan portfolio at the amortised cost (consolidated) as 
at 31 December 2022. The average spread of the mortgage loans portfolio in Portugal stood at 1.25%; 
51.3% of the balance of mortgage loans had spreads under 1%. As at 31 December 2022, 53% of the 
contracts and 33% of the balance of the mortgage loans portfolio in Portugal were indexed to EURIBOR 
3 months, and 27% of the contracts and 42% of the balance of the portfolio were indexed to EURIBOR 
12 months.  
The Bank, along with other banks in Portugal, limited the granting of new mortgage loans. During the 
year of 2022, 20,884 new mortgage credit operations were contracted with an average spread of 1.03%, 
compared to 23,079 new mortgage credit operations contracted year-on-year with an average spread of 
1.08% in 2021. The Bank cannot unilaterally change the contractual terms of the loans that make up its 
portfolio of mortgage loans and it has proven extremely difficult to negotiate the extension of the 
maturity of these contracts. The resulting limitation of this contractual rigidity has a significant impact 
on net interest income. In addition, given the current low demand for credit by companies, the Bank 
may also experience difficulties in changing the mix of its loan portfolio which would make it difficult 
to offset the impact of reduced spreads on mortgages in the average spread of the loan portfolio. 
After a period in which banks implemented policies of interest rate repricing on loans, mainly directed 
at loans to companies, a reduction of corporate and consumer loans spreads may be observed in the 
future, given the weak credit dynamics in the Portuguese corporate sector and the increasing 
competition in the banking sector. This could have a material adverse effect on the Bank's business, 
financial condition, results of operations and prospects. Furthermore, a continuation of the historically 
low interest rate environment may adversely affect the Bank's net interest income, which in turn would 
likely have an adverse effect on the Bank's profitability.

--- Page 58 ---
58 
 
Financial problems faced by the Bank's customers could adversely affect the Bank. 
A scenario of increase in inflation followed by deceleration of GDP, particularly in Portugal and in 
other European countries, could have an adverse effect on the liquidity, the activity and/or the financial 
conditions of the Bank's customers, which could in turn further impair the Bank's loan portfolio. 
The Bank's customers' levels of savings and credit demand are dependent on consumer confidence, 
employment trends, the state of the economies in countries where the Bank operates, and the availability 
and cost of funding. In addition, customers may further significantly decrease their risk tolerance to 
non-deposit based investments such as stocks, bonds and mutual funds. This would adversely affect the 
Bank's fee and commission income. Any of the conditions described above could have a material 
adverse effect on the Bank's business, financial condition, results of operations or prospects. 
The Bank faces strong competition in its main areas of activity, notably in the retail business. 
The Portuguese banking market is well developed, containing major national and foreign competitors 
which follow multi-product, multi-channel and multi-segment approaches and are, in general, highly 
sophisticated. Over recent years, there have been significant developments of banking operations 
through the internet and the use of new technology that have enabled banks to assess the needs of their 
customers with greater accuracy and efficiency. These factors have contributed to an increase in 
competition in the Portuguese banking sector, with recent entrants such as Bankinter and Banco CTT 
who may adopt aggressive commercial practices in order to gain market share. The sale process of Novo 
Banco could add to increased competition as the bank was acquired by an institution with no prior 
presence in the Portuguese banking system. Furthermore, many Portuguese banks are dedicated to 
increasing their market shares by launching new products, implementing cross-selling strategies and 
engaging in more aggressive commercial strategies. Additional integration of European financial 
markets may contribute to increased competition, particularly in the areas of asset management, 
investment banking, and online banking and brokerage services. 
As at 31 December 2022, the Bank had 2.6 million active customers in Portugal and, the market share 
in Portugal (estimates based on figures disclosed by Banco de Portugal and other banking industry 
associations for aggregates of the financial system and with adjustments for statistical standardisation) 
was the following in December 2022: 17.3% in loans to customers, 15.6% in loans to individuals, 17.1% 
in mortgage loans, 9.3% in consumer credit, 19.8% in customer funds, 18.6% in on-balance sheet 
customer funds, 19.3% in deposits and 21.7% in off-balance sheet customer funds. 
The Bank's financial success depends on its capacity to maintain high levels of loyalty among its 
customer base and to offer a wide range of competitive and high-quality products and services to its 
customers. However, high levels of competition in Portugal, as well as in other countries where the 
Bank operates and an increased emphasis on cost reduction may result in the Bank's inability to maintain 
these objectives. In addition, on 31 December 2022 the Bank operated 408 branches, working towards 
its goal of becoming a more digital bank. This resulted in the downsizing of the Bank's branch network 
and consequently in BCP's branches' market share in Portugal. This may result in a weaker competitive 
position in the Portuguese retail market. As a consequence, this could have a material adverse effect on 
the Bank's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
Moreover, as at 31 December 2022, around 3.8% of the Bank's total domestic customers also held 
ordinary shares of the Bank (around 4.2% as at 31 December 2021). If the price of the Bank's ordinary 
shares continues to decline, this could lead to shareholder dissatisfaction and, to the extent that such 
shareholders are also customers of the Bank, this could result in broader customer dissatisfaction, any 
of which could have a material adverse effect on the Bank's business, financial condition, results of 
operations and prospects.

--- Page 59 ---
59 
 
There is no assurance that the Bank will be able to compete effectively, or that it will be able to maintain 
or improve its operational results. Such inability to compete or maintain results could also lead to a 
reduction in net interest income, fees and other income of the Bank, any of which could have a further 
significant material adverse effect on the Bank's business, financial condition, results of operations and 
prospects. 
The Bank may generate lower revenues from commissions and fee-based businesses. 
In 2022, more than 86% of the fees and commissions were related to banking (29% to cards and 
transfers, 19% to loans and guarantees, 17% to bancassurance and others, 21% to customer account 
related fees), with market related fees and commissions accounting for the remaining. A decrease in the 
volume of lending transactions that the Bank executes with its customers could result in lower 
commissions derived from banking operations and guarantees. Moreover, changes to market sentiment 
could lead to market downturns that are likely to impact transactional volume, therefore leading to 
declines in the Bank's fees. In addition, as the fees that the Bank charges for managing its' clients' 
portfolios are, in many cases, based on the value or performance of those portfolios, a market downturn 
that reduces the value of the Bank's clients' portfolios or increases the amount of withdrawals would 
reduce the revenue the Bank receives from its asset management, private banking and custody services. 
Revenue derived from the Bank's asset management business could also be impacted by below market 
performance by the Bank's securities investment funds, which could lead to increased withdrawals and 
reduced inflows. An increase in withdrawals and a reduction in inflows could have a significant material 
adverse effect on the Bank's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
Downgrades in the Bank's credit rating could increase the cost of borrowing funds and make the 
Bank's ability to raise new funds or renew maturing debt more difficult. 
The Bank's ratings are assigned by Moody's Investors Service España, S.A., S&P Global Ratings 
Europe Limited, Fitch Ratings Limited and any entity that is part of DBRS group and any successor to 
the relevant rating agency. The ratings as of the date of this Offering Circular are the following: (a) 
Moody's: "Baa3 (long-term)/P-2 (short-term)" (re-presented as at 22 July 2022), (b) S&P Global 
Ratings Europe Limited: "BB+ (long-term)/B (short-term)" (re-presented as at 16 September 2022), (c) 
Fitch Ratings Limited: "BB+ (long-term)/B (short-term)" (re-presented as at 17 March 2023) and (d) 
the relevant DBRS entity: "BBB(low) (long-term)/R-2 (middle) (short-term)" (re-presented as at 30 
May 2022). 
Credit ratings represent an important component of the Bank's liquidity profile and affect the cost and 
other terms upon which the Bank is able to obtain funding. Changes to the Bank's credit ratings reflect, 
apart from changes to the rating of the Portuguese Republic, a series of factors intrinsic to the Bank. 
Currently, the senior debt ratings assigned to the Bank, with the exception of ratings assigned by DBRS 
and Moody’s, are non-investment grade.  
The progress achieved in recent years in improving the asset quality of BCP - through the reduction of 
NPE -, as well as the reinforcement of capital and liquidity, has had a favourable impact on the 
performance of the Bank despite the challenging context. However, these are still high values of 
problematic assets in BCP’s balance sheet, remaining, alongside profitability and capitalisation levels, 
one of the main concerns of rating agencies. 
In 2022 and 2023, some rating agencies took rating actions on BCP: 
• 
On 14 June 2022, Moody's upgraded senior unsecured debt ratings from Ba1/NP to Baa3/P-2.

--- Page 60 ---
60 
 
• 
On 16 September 2022, S&P upgraded senior unsecured debt ratings from BB/B to BB+/B. 
This rating action was prompt by the upgrade of Portugal's public debt rating from BBB/A-2 to 
BBB+/A-2 on 9 September 2022. 
• 
On 29 September 2022, Fitch revised the Outlook to Positive and affirmed senior unsecured 
debt ratings at "BB". These actions by the rating agencies reflect the persistence of some risks, 
such as the legal risk associated with the loan portfolio denominated in CHF in Poland, the 
continuing high stock of NPEs albeit decreasing (some uncertainty regarding the evolution of 
the defaults) and the moderate levels, in relative terms, of capitalisation levels. 
• 
On 17 March 2023, Fitch upgraded long-term senior unsecured debt rating from BB to BB+. 
Any downgrade in the Bank's ratings may contribute to the erosion of the collateral eligible for funding 
by the ECB, as well as more restrictive access to funding and increased funding costs. Under such 
circumstances, the Bank may need to reinitiate its deleveraging process and reduce its activities, which 
could have a negative impact on the Bank's ratings. Any of the foregoing could have a material adverse 
effect on its business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
The Portuguese Republic is regularly subject to rating reviews by the rating agencies, which could 
affect the funding of the economy and the Bank's activity. 
The rating agencies S&P, Moody's, Fitch Ratings and DBRS have downgraded the long and short-term 
ratings of the Portuguese Republic on several occasions since the beginning of the financial crisis due 
to the uncertainties and risks of a prolonged recession, the outlook for modest GDP growth, high levels 
of unemployment, limited fiscal flexibility, the high leverage of the private sector and the level of 
sustainability of Portuguese public debt. The long-term ratings of the Portuguese Republic as at the date 
of this Offering Circular are as follows: Moody's (Baa2/Stable), S&P (BBB+/Stable), Fitch Ratings 
(BBB+/Stable) and DBRS (A(low)/Stable).  
Portuguese Republic credit ratings represent an important component condition to the Bank's own credit 
ratings given the connection between the rating of the sovereign and the rating of banking institutions 
in the rating agencies methodologies. 
Any downgrade in the Portuguese Republic's ratings may contribute to the erosion of the collateral 
eligible for funding by the ECB, as well as more restrictive access to funding and increased funding 
costs, would worsen the economy's funding conditions and would have a negative effect on the Bank's 
credit risk and consequently on its business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
The Bank faces exposure to risks in its businesses in Europe (Poland) and Africa (Angola and 
Mozambique). 
The Bank faces exposure to risks in its operations in Poland and Mozambique, as well as a result of its 
equity accounted holding in Angola via Banco Millennium Angola, S.A. ("BMA"), whose 
materialisation in the future may have an adverse impact on the business, financial condition, results of 
operations and prospects of the Bank. 
In 2022, the Bank's net profit (after income taxes and non-controlling interests) attributable to 
international operations was EUR -122.1 million, compared to net profits (after income taxes and non-
controlling interests) of a total EUR 207.5 million for the Bank as a whole. For the same period, net 
income in Poland was EUR -216.7 million, (EUR -108.4 million of which was attributable to the Bank) 
and net income in Mozambique was EUR 101.9 million, excluding discontinued operations (of which 
EUR 70.7 million was attributable to the Bank).

--- Page 61 ---
61 
 
Poland 
There is the risk that the implementation of more economic policy decisions, namely on the tax front, 
targeting the banking system by Polish authorities could negatively affect investors' confidence and the 
economic activity and, consequently, negatively impact the profitability of the Polish banking sector. 
The removal of the peg of the EUR/CHF parity led to a significant appreciation of the Swiss franc 
("CHF") against the euro and the zloty. The granting of loans in Swiss francs was a common practice 
of most Polish banks (and in other economies of Central and Eastern Europe) in the past. Bank 
Millennium granted mortgage loans in Swiss Francs until December 2008 and its Swiss francs mortgage 
loans portfolio on 31 December 2022 stood at approximately EUR 2.2 billion (approximately 8.1% of 
the total loan portfolio in Poland, gross after legal risk provisions). The mortgage loans impaired ratio 
(stage 3)2 stood at 3.1% in December 2022, which compares to 2.2% in 2021. 
Based on ZBP (the Polish Banking Association), data gathered from all banks having FX mortgage 
loans, vast majority of disputes were finally resolved in favour of banks until the end of 2019. However, 
after the CJEU judgement issued on 3 October 2019 (Case C-260/18) the proportion has adversely 
changed and vast majority of court cases the have been lost by banks.  
As far as Bank Millennium itself is concerned, from 2015 and until the end of 2022, 1,173 cases were 
finally resolved (1,111 in claims submitted by clients against Bank Millennium and 62 in claims 
submitted by Bank Millennium against clients, i.e., debt collection cases) out of which 354 were 
settlements, 46 were remissions, 53 rulings were favourable for Bank Millennium and 720 were 
unfavourable, including both invalidation of loan agreements as well as conversions into PLN+LIBOR.. 
Bank Millennium files appeals against unfavourable rulings of the courts of first instance as well as 
submits cassation appeals to the Supreme Court against unfavourable for Bank Millennium legally 
binding verdicts. Currently, the statistics of first and second instance court decisions are much more 
unfavourable and its number is also increasing. 
Emerging Markets  
Angola and Mozambique present specific political, economic, fiscal, legal, regulatory and social risks 
that differ from those found in countries with European economic and political systems, including, but 
not limited to, those related to political and social environments, different business practices, logistical 
challenges, shortages of skilled labour, trade restrictions, macroeconomic imbalances and security 
challenges, which may negatively affect the Bank's business, financial condition, results of operations 
and prospects. 
The Group's operations are currently exposed in particular to the political and economic conditions of 
Angola and Mozambique. These conditions also relate to the fact that structural improvements are still 
needed in many sectors in these markets, including transportation, energy, agriculture and mineral 
sectors, as well as land, social and fiscal reforms. Some of these markets may also suffer from 
geopolitical conflict, while a number of African states have unresolved political differences internally, 
regionally and/or internationally. 
The Bank's operations in Mozambique and Angola markets may involve protracted negotiations with 
host governments, companies or other local entities and may be subject to instability arising from 
political, economic, military or legal disturbances. Both Mozambique and Angola impose certain 
restrictions due primarily to exchange policy controls and capital flows to and from other jurisdictions 
are likewise subject to such controls and restrictions. Therefore, the ability to transfer U.S. dollars and 
euro directly from local banks, including the repatriation of profits, is subject to official vetting. 
                                                     
2  
As used in this Offering Circular, "Mortgage loans impaired ratio (stage 3)" means the ratio of mortgage loans classified as 
stage 3 (impaired loans) divided by total mortgage loans.

--- Page 62 ---
62 
 
Transfers above a threshold amount may require government approval, which may not be obtained or 
may be subject to delays. 
Any reduction in profits or increase in the responsibilities associated with the Bank's international 
operations may have a material adverse effect on the business, financial condition, results of operations 
and prospects of the Bank. 
Mozambique  
According to an International Monetary Fund ("IMF") statement dated 23 April 2016, existing debt 
guaranteed by the State of Mozambique in an amount over USD 1 billion that had not been disclosed 
to the IMF. Following this disclosure, the economic program supported by the IMF was suspended. 
According to an IMF statement dated 13 December 2016, discussions were initiated on a possible new 
agreement with the Government of Mozambique and the terms of reference for an external audit were 
agreed. 
In June 2017, the Attorney General's Office of the Republic of Mozambique published an Executive 
Summary regarding the above-mentioned external audit. On 24 June 2017, the IMF released in a 
statement that due to the existence of information gaps in this audit, an IMF mission would visit the 
country to discuss audit results and possible follow-up measures. Following this visit, the IMF requested 
the Government of Mozambique to obtain additional information on the use of the funds. 
On 14 December 2017, in a statement from the IMF staff, after the end of the mission held between 30 
November and 13 December 2017, it was reiterated the need for the Mozambican State to provide 
missing information. In the statement of the Mozambican Attorney General's Office dated 29 January 
2018, it is mentioned, among other things, that the Public Prosecutor submitted to the Administrative 
Court, on 26 January 2018, a complaint regarding the financial responsibility of public managers and 
companies participated by the State, participants in the execution and management of contracts for 
financing, supplying and providing services related to debts not disclosed to the IMF. 
In the statements dated of 16 January 2017 and 17 July 2017, the Ministry of Economy and Finance of 
Mozambique informed the holders of bonds issued by the Republic of Mozambique specifically 
"US$726.524 million, 10.5%, repayable securities in 2023" that the interest payment due on 18 January 
2017 and 18 July 2017, would not be paid by the Republic of Mozambique. In November 2018, the 
Ministry of Economy and Finance of the Republic of Mozambique announced that it has reached an 
agreement in principle on the key commercial terms of a proposed restructuring transaction related to 
this debt securities with four members of the Global Group of Mozambique bondholders. The 
bondholders currently own or control approximately 60% of the outstanding bonds. The agreement in 
principle reached by the parties, and the support of the bondholders for the proposed restructuring, is 
conditional on the parties reaching an agreement on mutually satisfactory documentation setting out the 
detailed terms of the restructuring including implementation, and the mentioned Ministry obtaining all 
necessary approvals, including Parliamentary and government approvals of Mozambique.  
On 6 September 2019, the Ministry of Economy and Finance of the Republic of Mozambique 
announced the approval by 99.95% of the bondholders of a written decision containing the terms and 
conditions of the restructuring proposal. The Group has no exposure to this debt. 
In May 2020, the Constitutional Council of the Republic of Mozambique issued a Judgment, declaring 
the nullity of the acts related with the loans contracted by Proindicus, SA ("Proindicus") and 
Mozambique Asset Management, MAM, SA ("MAM"), and the respective sovereign guarantees 
granted by the Government in 2013 and 2014, respectively, and on 19 October 2020, the dissolution of 
the two companies was registered based on an order issued by the Judicial Court of the City of Maputo.

--- Page 63 ---
63 
 
In the context of the liquidation of Proindicus and MAM, the liquidator published, on 3 May 2022, an 
announcement in the Jornal de Notícias de Moçambique, through which the creditors of those 
companies were notified to submit, within thirty days counted from said publication, the documents 
supporting their credits. Following the publication of the said announcement, BIM and BCP submitted, 
on 1 June 2022, their credit claims on Proindicus and MAM, respectively. 
An action brought on 27 February 2019 and amended on 30 April 2020, by the Republic of Mozambique 
(represented by the Attorney General of the Republic) against the arranger and originating lender of the 
loan to Proindicus and other entities, by which the Republic of Mozambique requests, inter alia, the 
declaration of nullity of the sovereign guarantee of the Mozambican State to the Proindicus loan. 
Following this lawsuit, on 27 April 2020, the Banco Internacional de Moçambique ("BIM") filed a 
lawsuit, in the London Commercial Court, against the arranger and lender of the loan to Proindicus, 
claiming, inter alia, payment of BIM's exposure to the Proindicus, in the event that the said sovereign 
guarantee of the State of Mozambique to Proindicus is, in a court of law declared null and void. 
Considering the dependency of this claim in relation with the lawsuit brought by the Republic of 
Mozambique above mentioned, it is expected that the judgment sessions of the claim brought by BIM 
will only take place simultaneously or after the judgment sessions scheduled for the beginning of 
October 2023, relating to the lawsuit filed by the Republic of Mozambique. 
Regarding MAM, as far as the Bank is aware, no lawsuit with the same purpose was brought by the 
Republic of Mozambique at the London Commercial Court. However, it is expected that, in the context 
of ongoing legal proceedings, that several creditors of MAM (including BCP) have filed, at the London 
Commercial Court, against MAM and the Republic of Mozambique in order to recover their credits, 
the question of the validity of the sovereign guarantee of the Mozambican State to the MAM loan will 
be raised by the Republic of Mozambique. In July 2021, London Commercial Court decided that the 
various lawsuits brought by several creditors of MAM (including BCP) against the Republic of 
Mozambique, as guarantor, and MAM, as debtor, as well as the lawsuit brought by the Republic of 
Mozambique within the scope of the loan to Proindicus, must be judged through a unitary trial. The 
Court scheduled the start of the respective trial sessions for 3 October 2023 and several interim sessions 
related to the process of collecting and disclosure of evidence, which is still ongoing. 
According to public information made available by the IMF, there are defaults on credits granted to 
non-state Mozambican companies' and guaranteed by the Mozambican State. Considering the above-
mentioned developments related to these credits, although the Ministry of Economy and Finance of the 
Republic of Mozambique has submitted in November 2018 new proposals regarding this matter and 
interactions are ongoing between the Government of Mozambique, the IMF and the creditors with the 
objective of finding a solution to the aforementioned debt guaranteed by the State of Mozambique, 
which had not been previously disclosed to the IMF, a solution that changes the ex-approved a solution 
that would change the Group's current expectations, reflected in the financial statements as at 31 
December 2022, on: (i) the ability of the Government of Mozambique and public companies to repay 
their debts and commitments assumed; and (ii) the development of the activity of its subsidiary BIM. 
As at 31 December 2022, considering the 66.7% indirect investment in BIM, the Group's interest in 
BIM's equity amounted to EUR 347.60 million (31 December 2021: EUR 372.71 million), with the 
exchange translation reserve associated with this participation, accounted in Group's consolidated 
equity, in a negative amount of EUR 139.37 million (31 December 2021: negative amount of EUR 
162.56 million). BIM's contribution to consolidated net income for 2022, attributable to the shareholders 
of the Bank, amounts to EUR 70.71 million (2021: EUR 63.73 million). 
As at 31 December 2022, the subsidiary BIM's exposure to the State of Mozambique and to the Central 
Bank  includes public debt securities denominated in Metical classified as Financial assets measured at 
amortised cost - Debt instruments in the gross amount of MZN 57.91 million corresponding to EUR 
849.31 million (31 December 2021: MZN 72.71 million corresponding to EUR 997.40 million) and

--- Page 64 ---
64 
 
Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income in the gross amount of MZN 7,172.77 
million corresponding to EUR 105.20 million  (31 December 2021: MZN 4,359.81 million 
corresponding to EUR 59.81 million). 
As at 31 December 2022, the Group has also registered in the balance Loans and advances to customers, 
a direct gross exposure to the Mozambican State in the amount of MZN 19,081.52 million 
corresponding to EUR 279.85 million (31 December 2021: MZN 20,380.27 million corresponding to 
EUR 279.57 million) and in the balance Guarantees granted revocable and irrevocable commitments, 
an amount of MZN 4,818.87 million corresponding to EUR 70.70 million (31 December 2021: MZN 
6,318.16 million corresponding to EUR 86.90 million). 
The Bank's highly liquid assets may not cover liabilities to its customer base. 
The Bank's main source of funding is its customer deposits (92% of the Bank's funding as at 31 
December 2022). However, the persistence of interest rates at historically low levels (that are negative 
in some cases) over the past few years has resulted in the Bank investing deposits into instruments with 
higher potential yield. The Bank's other possible funding sources include money market instruments, 
medium and long-term bonds, covered bonds, commercial paper, medium term structured products and 
the securitisation of its loan portfolio. The Bank has increasingly strengthened its own funds through 
capital increases (the most recent ones, amounting to EUR 1.33 billion and EUR 174.6 million through 
the Rights Offering and the private placement of 157,437,395 new shares, subscribed by Chiado, an 
affiliate of Fosun, completed in February 2017 and November 2016 respectively). 
The Bank's LCR and the NSFR recorded as at 31 December 2022 were 212% and 154%, respectively, 
compared to a regulatory requirement of 100% (fully implemented) for both ratios. The leverage ratio 
stood at 6.0% (fully implemented) as at 31 December 2022, compared to a reference value of 3% (fully 
implemented). 
In case the Bank is unable to maintain its buffer of liquid assets, its ability to repay its liabilities will be 
limited, which may represent a substantial adverse effect in its business, financial condition, results of 
operations and prospects. 
The results of additional stress tests could result in a need to increase capital or a loss of public 
confidence in the Group. 
The Bank was subject to the 2021 EU-wide stress test conducted by the EBA, in cooperation with the 
Banco de Portugal, the ECB, and the European Systemic Risk Board ("ESRB"). 
The 2021 EU-wide stress test did not contain a pass-fail threshold and instead was designed to be used 
as an important source of information for the purposes of the SREP. The results will assist competent 
authorities in assessing the Bank’s ability to meet applicable prudential requirements under stressed 
scenarios. 
The adverse stress test scenario was set by the ECB/ESRB and covers a three-year time horizon (2021-
2023). The stress test has been carried out applying a static balance sheet assumption as of December 
2020, and therefore does not take into account future business strategies and management actions and 
does not represent a forecast of Banco Comercial Português, S.A. profits. 
Detailed information on the results of Banco Comercial Português, S.A. in the stress test is available on 
the EBA website (www.eba.europa.eu). Considering the results of Banco Comercial Português, S.A, in 
the stress test, it should be highlighted the following:

--- Page 65 ---
65 
 
• 
the application of the adverse scenario resulted in a reduction of 406 basis points in the fully 
loaded CET1 capital ratio at the end of 2023 versus the data as at December 2020 (which 
compares with an average reduction of 485 basis points in the universe of 50 banks submitted 
to this exercise); 
• 
the application of the base scenario resulted in an increase of 163 basis points in the fully loaded 
CET1 capital ratio at the end of 2023 versus the data as at December 2020 (which compares 
with an increase of 78 basis points in the universe of 50 banks submitted to this exercise).  
New stress tests could adversely affect the cost of funding for the Bank and have a materially adverse 
impact on its business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
As a consequence of SREP, excluding P2G, the minimum Group CET1 phased-in ratio required is 
9.41% (4.5% Pillar 1, 1.41% Pillar 2 requirements, 2.5% CBR and 1.0% O-SIFI), the Group Tier 1 ratio 
is 11.38% and the Group total capital ratio is 14.0% from 31 December 2022. The Group's CET1 (fully 
implemented), Tier 1 and total capital ratios as at 31 December 2022 were 12.5%, 13.6% and 16.8%, 
respectively. 
SREP may increase and an additional cushion may be requested.  
In addition, Polish SREP requirements for 2023 are as follows: CET1 phased-in ratio required is 8.34%, 
the Tier 1 is 10.21% and the total capital ratio 12.70% from 1 January 2023. Bank Millennium's CET1, 
Tier 1 and total capital ratios as at 31 December 2022 were 11.3%, 11.3% and 14.4%, respectively. The 
Management Board of Millennium Bank has taken measures following such breach of capital ratios, 
including the launch of the Recovery Plan, notifying of the fact both Polish FSA and Bank Guarantee 
Fund. In the fourth quarter of 2022, capital ratios improved markedly, returning to levels above the 
minimum requirements. Bank Millennium expects to exit the Recovery Plan by the end of 2023. 
Consolidated total capital ratio increased to 14.4% at year-end 2022 from 12.4% at the end of September 
2022, while consolidated Tier 1 ratio to 11.3%. This was an outcome of lower RWAs, fourth quarter 
2022 net income and fair value impact of the securities portfolio. On the other hand, minimum required 
ratios for Bank Millennium were lowered by the regulator during the fourth quarter 2022, as a result of 
the reduction of the P2R buffer in December 2022. 
The Management Board of Millennium Bank intends to continue to increase capital ratios above the 
minimum required levels through a combination of further improvement of operational profitability and 
capital optimisation initiatives such as management of risk weighted assets (including securitisations). 
The coverage of pension fund liabilities could be insufficient, which would require an increase in 
contributions, and the computation of additional actuarial losses could be influenced by changes to 
assumptions. 
The Bank has undertaken the obligation to pay pensions to its employees upon retirement or due to 
disability and other obligations, in accordance with the terms established in the Collective Labour 
Agreement of the Banking Sector. The Bank's liabilities are primarily covered by the pension fund, 
which is managed by Ageas - Sociedade Gestora de Fundos de Pensões, S.A. The total number of the 
pension fund participants was 26,976 as at 31 December 2022, 27,123 as at 31 December 2021 and 
27,431 as at 31 December 2020. 
The liabilities related to retirement pensions and other employee benefits were wholly funded at levels 
above the minimum limits defined by Banco de Portugal, presenting a coverage level of 121% at the 
end of December 2022 (106% as at 31 December 2021). As at 31 December 2022, the liabilities related 
to the pension fund and other employee benefits reached EUR 2,791 million, compared with EUR 3,498

--- Page 66 ---
66 
 
million recorded as at 31 December 2021. In 2022, the pension fund recorded a negative 5.07% rate of 
return, whereas in 2021 it stood at positive 1.92%. 
The level of coverage of pension fund liabilities could turn out to be insufficient. If the deterioration of 
global financial markets leads to lower investment income and, consequently, a lower value of the fund, 
this would result in actuarial losses for the year, which would be recognised against reserves in the 
financial year in which they were recorded. In the financial statements with reference to 31 December 
2020, the discount rate was at 1.05% and the pension growth rate 0.5%. In the financial statements with 
reference to 31 December 2021, the discount rate was at 1.35% (1.45% in June 2021) and the pension 
growth rate 0.5%. In the financial statements with reference to 31 December 2022, the discount rate 
was at 4.17% and the pension growth rate 3.5% in 2023, 2.0% in 2024 and 0.75% in the following 
years. The Bank shall re-evaluate the adequacy of its actuarial assumptions for the calculation of its 
liabilities with pensions on a semi-annual basis. Given the current inflationary environment the 
uncertainty about the assumptions of wages and pensions growth is a factor of risk. A decrease in level 
of the interest rates for the liabilities liquidation deadline or an increase in the pensions growth rate 
would imply a decrease in the Bank's own capital. A decrease of 25 bps in the discount rate results in a 
decrease of around EUR 87.9 million in the Bank's own capital, excluding the tax effect. An increase 
of 25 bps in the pensions' growth rate results implies a positive impact of around EUR 82.1 million in 
the Bank's own capital, excluding the tax effect.  
The sensitivity analysis to changes in assumptions, is as follows: 
(Thousands of EUR) 
Impact resulting from changes in financial assumptions 
2022 
2021 
-0.25 % 
0.25 % 
-0.25 % 
0.25 % 
Discount rate 
 
87,938   
(82,095)   
135,482   
(127,790)  
Pension's increase rate 
 
(98,276)   
102,703   
(143,548)   
151,248  
Salary growth rate 
 
(20,620)   
23,675   
(32,795)   
35,922  
 
(Thousands of EUR) 
Impact resulting from changes in demographic assumptions 
2022 
2021 
- 1 year 
+ 1 year 
- 1 year 
+ 1 year 
Changes in mortality table (*) 
 
83,017   
(83,816)  
128,401   
(127,687) 
(*) The impact of 1 year reduction in the mortality table implies an increase in the average life expectancy 
Actuarial gains and losses resulting from the differences between the assumptions used and actual 
values (experience gains and losses) and the changes in the actuarial assumptions are recognised against 
shareholder equity. In 2022, actuarial differences were recorded representing a negative EUR 376 
million, which include impacts that are not actuarial differences but that result from the change of 
assumptions, whereas actuarial differences in 2021 were recorded representing a positive EUR 135 
million. If there are shortfalls in the pension fund's rate of return, the Bank may have to increase its 
contributions, which would have an impact on the Bank's regulatory capital ratios. The Bank cannot 
guarantee that changes will not take place in the actuarial assumptions relating to the pension obligations 
and other employee benefits. Any changes in the assumptions could lead to additional actuarial losses 
which could have a material adverse effect on the Bank's business, financial condition, results of 
operations and prospects. 
Finally, the value of assets that are part of the pension fund depends on the future evolution of capital 
markets and of the real estate market, both of which could be affected by the uncertain geopolitical 
situation in Europe following the invasion of Ukraine.

--- Page 67 ---
67 
 
A decline in capital and real estate markets could cause the value of the portfolio's assets to become 
insufficient to cover the liabilities assumed by the pension fund, adversely affecting capital ratios and 
the Bank's business, financial condition, own capital and prospects. 
The Bank may not be able to generate income to recover deferred taxes.  Potential dilution of the 
shareholders' position may result from the conversion into capital of a potential special reserve that 
may have to be established according to the applicable legal framework, in particular in the case of 
negative net individual results. Changes in the law or a different interpretation of the relevant 
provisions of law may have an adverse impact on the capital ratio.  
The Bank's deferred tax assets ("DTAs") (on a consolidated basis) as at 31 December 2022 
corresponded to EUR 2, 927 million, compared to EUR 2,671 million as at 31 December 2021, and 
were generated by tax losses and temporary differences. The most notable sources of the Bank's DTAs 
non-dependent on future profitability are impairment losses amounting to EUR 982 million and related 
employee benefits amounting to EUR 836 million. 
Deferred taxes are calculated on the basis of the tax rates which are expected to be applicable at the 
time of the reversal of the temporary differences, which correspond to the approved or substantially 
approved rates at the time of the balance sheet. Assets and liabilities for deferred taxes are presented 
for their net value when, pursuant to the applicable laws, current tax assets may be compensated with 
current tax liabilities and when the deferred taxes relate to the same tax. 
If the Bank is not able to generate enough taxable income to enable the absorption of the tax losses 
carry forward and the temporary differences deductible for tax purposes, the deferred taxes may not be 
recovered. 
Additionally, the Bank may be forced to alter its evaluation as a result of corrections to the taxable 
income or to tax losses that it may be subject to or as a result of reductions of the tax rates. 
The recoverability of DTAs depends on the implementation of the strategy of the Bank's Board of 
Directors, namely the generation of estimated taxable income and its interpretation of tax legislation. 
Any changes in the assumptions used in estimating future profits or tax legislation may have material 
impacts on deferred tax assets. 
The assessment of the recoverability of deferred taxes assets was based on the projection of results for 
the period between 2023 and 2032. The projected results before taxes for the years 2023, 2024 and 2025 
are consistent with the budget approved by the Board of Directors of the Bank in December 2022, which 
incorporates the priorities arising from the Strategic Plan 2021-2024. 
The abandonment of negative interest rates, which imposed a burden on banks, is favourably reflected 
in projected profitability and convergence towards medium/long-term metrics and trends consistent 
with commercial positioning and the coveted capture of efficiency gains, established in the review of 
the 2021-2024 Strategic Plan approved by the corporate bodies, highlighting: 
- the improvement in net interest income, which mainly reflects the referred increase in market interest 
rates and also benefits from the preserving of the deposit base, the effort to grow credit and also the 
reinvestment of assets at the new interest rates; 
- the increase in commission income based on efficient and judicious management of commissioning 
and pricing

--- Page 68 ---
68 
 
- the reduction of the cost of risk for levels in line with the Bank's current activity, with a lesser impact 
from the historical portfolios of NPE, foreclosed assets and FRE (Corporate Restructuring Funds), 
consolidated the reduction of these exposures achieved over the last years; 
- capturing efficiency gains enhanced by digitalization, reflected in the control of operating costs, after 
the staff reduction carried out in 2021. 
To estimate taxable net income for the periods of 2023 to 2032, the following main assumptions were 
considered: 
- The rules of the new tax regime of credit impairment were applied. In the application of these rules, 
the following assumptions were considered, in general terms: 
a) the impairment losses for credit risk relating to exposures analysed on an individual or collective 
basis, recognised in accordance with the applicable accounting and regulatory standards, were 
considered deductible for tax purposes; 
b) impairment reversals created until 31 December 2021 not accepted for tax purposes were estimated 
based on the Reduction Plan of Non-Performing Assets 2022-2024 submitted to the supervisory 
authority in March 2022, and also on the average reversal percentage observed in the last years of 2016 
to 2022; 
c) the referred average percentages were calculated separately, according to the presence or not of a 
mortgage security, the eligibility for the special regime applicable to deferred tax assets and according 
to the clients’ rating as Non-Performing Exposures ("NPE"). 
- The deductions related to impairment of financial assets were projected based on the destination (sale 
or settlement) and the estimated date of the respective operations; 
- Reversals of impairment of non-financial assets not accepted for tax purposes were projected 
considering the expected periods of disinvestment in certain real estate. For the remaining assets without 
a forecasted term for disinvestment, the reversals were estimated based on the average percentage of 
reversal observed in the years from 2016 to 2022. Non-deductible expenses related to the reinforcement 
of impairment of non-financial assets were estimated on the based on the average percentage of amounts 
not deducted for tax purposes in the years from 2016 to 2022, compared to the amounts of 
reinforcements net of impairment recorded in those years.  
- The deductions related to employee benefits were projected based on their estimated payments or 
deduction plans, in accordance with information provided by the actuary of the pension fund.  
- The realization of changes in the fair value of real estate investment funds was projected based on the 
information available in the management agreements of the funds in question for the period expected 
for the respective liquidation. 
According to the estimate of future taxable income, the deferred taxes assets recorded as at 31 December 
2022 were considered adequate under the IAS 12 requirements. 
Law 61/2014 approved an optional framework, with the possibility of subsequent waiver, according to 
which, upon certain events (including (a) annual net losses on the separate financial statements, as well 
as (b) liquidation as a result of voluntary dissolution, insolvency decided by the court or withdrawal of 
the respective authorisation), the DTAs that have resulted from the non-deduction of expenses and of 
negative asset variations resulting from impairment losses in credits and from post-employment benefits 
or long-term employments, will be converted into tax credits. In the case of (a), a special reserve must 
be created in the amount of the tax credit resulting from the terms of such Law, enhanced with an

--- Page 69 ---
69 
 
increase of 10%, which is intended exclusively to be incorporated into the share capital. The creation 
of such special reserve implies a creation, simultaneously, of conversion rights and of a right to demand 
the issue of shares by the Bank in an amount equivalent to such special reserve granted to the Portuguese 
Republic ("State Rights"), such rights being acquirable by the shareholders through payment to the 
Portuguese State of the same amount. The tax credits can be offset against tax debts of the beneficiaries 
(or of any entity with head office in Portugal within the same group to which the special regime foreseen 
in the Corporate Tax Code is applicable or within the same prudential consolidation perimeter for the 
purpose of Regulation (EU) no. 575/2013, of the European Parliament and of the Council, as amended) 
or reimbursed by the Portuguese Republic. Due to this framework, the recovery of the DTAs covered 
by Law 61/2014's optional framework is not dependent on future profitability. 
Law 23/2016, of 19 August 2016, limited the scope of the regime, determining that tax assets originated 
in expenses or negative asset variations accounted for after 1 January 2016 are not eligible for the 
optional framework.  The framework set out in Law 61/2014 was further developed by (a) Ministerial 
Order ("Portaria") 259/2016, of 4 October 2016, on the control and use of the tax credit and (b) 
Ministerial Order ("Portaria") 293-A/2016, of 18 November 2016 (as amended by Ministerial Order 
("Portaria") 60/2020, of 5 March 2020), concerning the conditions and proceedings for the acquisition 
by shareholders of the referred State Rights. Law 98/2019, of 4 September 2019, established a three-
year deadline for the acquisition of the referred State rights by the shareholders, after which the Board 
of Directors of the issuing bank is obliged to promote the record of the share capital increase by the 
amount resulting from the exercise of the conversion rights. According to this legislation, among other 
aspects, such rights are subject to an acquisition right by the shareholders on the date of their creation 
exercisable in periods to be established by the Board of Directors until three years after the date of the 
confirmation date of the tax credit resulting from the conversion of the deferred tax assets by the 
Portuguese Tax Authorities. The issuing bank has to deposit in the name of the Portuguese State the 
amount of the price corresponding to the exercise of the acquisition right of all the conversion rights, 
within three months beginning from the confirmation date of the deferred tax assets into tax credit, 
ahead and independently of their acquisition. Such deposit is redeemed when and to the extent that the 
State Rights are acquired by shareholders or are exercised by the State. 
As disclosed in due course, pursuant to the General Meeting held on 15 October 2014, the Bank adopted 
the optional framework approved by Law 61/2014 described above. The Group's CET1 ratio, fully 
implemented as at 31 December 2022, corresponds to 12.6% and already incorporates the effects of the 
application of the new framework which became effective on 1 January 2015. 
The Bank's net result (on an individual basis) as at 31 December 2022 was EUR 478 million; there is 
no guarantee that the net result in the following years will be positive. 
If the Bank registers a net loss as at the end of a financial year, on an individual basis, then, under the 
provisions of Law 61/2014, the Portuguese Republic will be granted State Rights, exercisable after the 
mentioned period of up to three years, during which shareholders will have the opportunity to acquire 
such conversion rights from the State. If shares are finally issued pursuant to the exercise of such 
conversion rights, this would dilute the remaining shareholders of the Bank. Among other factors that 
may affect the recoverability of the deferred tax assets and their composition regarding the deferred tax 
assets that fall within the scope of Law 61/2014, the interpretation of the tax law is relevant, as well as 
the performance of several operations in 2019, 2020 and 2021. 
In the 2015 and 2016 financial years, the Bank registered deferred tax assets regarding expenses and 
negative asset variations with post-employment or long-term employment benefits and credit 
impairment losses accounted for up to 31 December 2014, which assets the Bank deems eligible for the 
purposes of the framework approved by Law 61/2014.  A change in law or a different interpretation of 
the law, or the non-performance of the abovementioned operations could have an adverse impact on the 
Bank's capital ratio.

--- Page 70 ---
70 
 
Any of the aforementioned could result in a material adverse effect on the Bank's business, financial 
condition, results of operations and prospects. 
The Bank's ability to achieve certain targets is dependent upon certain assumptions involving factors 
that are significantly or entirely beyond the Bank's control and are subject to known and unknown 
risks, uncertainties and other factors. 
The achievement of the Bank's internal targets will depend on the verification of assumptions involving 
factors that are significantly or entirely beyond the Bank's control and subject to known and unknown 
risks, uncertainties and other factors that may result in management failing to achieve these targets. 
These factors include those described elsewhere in this section and, in particular: 
• 
the Bank's ability to successfully implement its strategy; 
• 
the Bank's ability to successfully implement its funding and capital plans; 
• 
the successful implementation of economic reforms in Portugal; 
• 
the Bank's ability to access funding in the capital markets; 
• 
the level of the Bank's LLRs against NPEs; 
• 
the Bank's ability to reduce NPEs; 
• 
the quality of the Bank's assets; 
• 
the Bank's ability to reduce costs; 
• 
the financial condition of the Bank's customers; 
• 
reductions to the Bank's ratings; 
• 
growth of the financial markets in the countries in which the Bank operates; 
• 
the Bank's ability to grow internationally; 
• 
future market conditions; 
• 
currency fluctuations; 
• 
the actions of regulators; 
• 
changes to the political, social and regulatory framework in which the Bank operates; 
• 
macroeconomic or technological trends or conditions, including inflation and consumer 
confidence, 
and other risk factors identified in this Offering Circular. If one or more of these assumptions is 
inaccurate, the Bank may be unable to achieve one or more of its targets, which may have a material 
adverse effect on the Bank's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
The Bank regularly uses financial models in the course of its operations. These financial models help 
inform the Bank of the value of certain of its assets (such as certain loans, financial instruments, 
including illiquid financial instruments where market prices are not readily available, goodwill or other

--- Page 71 ---
71 
 
intangible assets) and liabilities (such as the Bank's defined benefit obligations and provisioning) as 
well as the Bank's risk exposure. These financial models also generally require the Bank to make 
assumptions, judgements and estimates which, in many cases, are inherently uncertain, including 
expected cash flows, the ability of borrowers to service debt, residential and commercial property price 
appreciation and depreciation, and relative levels of defaults. Such assumptions, judgements and 
estimates may need to be updated to reflect changing facts, trends and market conditions and may result 
in a decrease in the value of, and consequently an impairment of, the Bank's assets, an increase in the 
Bank's liabilities or an increase in the Bank's risk exposure, any of which may have a material adverse 
effect on the Bank's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.   
In particular, recent historic market volatility and illiquidity has challenged the factual bases of certain 
underlying assumptions and made it difficult to value some of the Bank's financial instruments. 
Decreased valuations reflecting prevailing market conditions, faulty assumptions or illiquidity, may 
result in changes in the fair values of these instruments, which may have a material adverse effect on 
the Bank's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
The Bank is exposed to reputational risks, including those arising from rumours that affect its image 
and customer relations. 
Reputational risk is inherent to the Bank's business activity. Negative public opinion towards the Bank 
or the financial services sector as a whole could result from real or perceived practices in the banking 
sector, such as money laundering, terrorism financing, the fraudulent sale of financial products or breach 
of competition rules, or a departure from the way that the Group conducts, or is perceived to conduct, 
its business. Negative publicity and negative public opinion, particularly in relation to pending litigation 
or enquiries by regulators that could be resolved against the Bank's favour, could adversely affect the 
Bank's ability to maintain and attract customers and counterparties, the loss of which could adversely 
affect the Bank's business, financial condition and future prospects, due, for instance, to a run-on 
deposits and subsequent lack of funding sources. 
The Bank may be unable to detect money laundering, terrorism financing, tax evasion or tax avoidance 
behaviour by clients, which could be attributed to the Bank. Failure to manage such risk could lead to 
reputational damage and to financial penalties for failure to comply with required legal procedures or 
other aspects of applicable laws and regulations, which could materially adversely affect the Bank's 
business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects. 
The Bank has a limited number of customers who are classified as politically exposed persons pursuant 
to the applicable legislation, including Law No. 83/2017, of 18 August 2017, as amended, and 
regulatory notices ("Avisos") No. 5/2013, of 18 December 2013, or No. 2/2018, of 26 September 2018, 
of Banco de Portugal (as applicable), as amended. Although the Bank exercises increasingly stricter 
scrutiny of transactions with politically exposed persons in order to ensure compliance with applicable 
laws, the services provided to these individuals may expose the Bank to reputational risks, 
notwithstanding the Bank's compliance with applicable laws. 
Labour disputes or other industrial actions could disrupt Bank operations or make them more costly 
to run.  
The Bank is exposed to the risk of labour disputes and other industrial actions. 81.0% of the Group’s 
employees were members of labour unions, at the end of June 2022, and the Bank may experience 
strikes, work stoppages or other industrial actions in the future. Any of these actions could, possibly for 
a significant period of time, result in disruption to the Bank's activity and increased salaries and benefits 
granted to employees or otherwise have a material adverse effect on the Bank's business, financial 
condition, results of operations and prospects.

--- Page 72 ---
72 
 
The Bank is exposed to market risk, which could result in the devaluation of investment holdings or 
affect its trading results. 
The performance of the financial markets could cause changes in the value of the Bank's investment 
and trading portfolios. Changes in the interest rate level, yield curve and spreads could reduce the Bank's 
net interest margin. Changes in foreign exchange rates could affect the value of its assets and liabilities 
denominated in foreign currencies and could affect the results of trading. 
The Bank has significant exposure to participation units in closed-end funds.  See further "The Bank 
holds units issued by specialised credit recovery closed-end funds that are subject to potential 
depreciation, for which reimbursement may not be requested and for which there is no secondary 
market". As from 1 January 2018, following the implementation of the IFRS 9, the participation units 
started to be recorded at fair value through profit and loss.  
The Bank has implemented risk management methods to mitigate and control these and other market 
risks to which it is exposed, including the use of derivatives to hedge certain products offered to its 
customers, and the Bank's risk exposure is continuously monitored. However, it is difficult to accurately 
predict changes in market conditions and to foresee the effects that these changes might have on the 
Bank's financial condition and results of operations. Any failure in risk management or control policies 
targeting market risk could have a negative impact on the Bank's business, financial condition, results 
of operations and prospects. 
The Bank is subject to certain operational risks, which may include interruptions in the services 
provided, errors, fraud attributable to third parties, omissions and delays in the provision of services 
and implementation of requirements for risk management. 
In its normal activity and as a result of its organisational structure, the Bank is subject to certain 
operational risks, including interruptions in the services provided, errors, fraud attributable to third 
parties, and omissions and delays in the provision of services and implementation of requirements for 
risk management. A majority of the Bank's operational losses in the first half of 2022 were caused by 
external and people risks, with a large portion having low material significance, under EUR 100,000 
(96% of all operational losses Group wide). In fact, about 49% of the cases recorded in the first half of 
2022 had a financial impact of less than EUR 5,000 each. The Bank continually monitors operational 
risks by means of, among other actions, advanced administrative and information systems and insurance 
coverage with respect to certain operational risks. However, it is not possible to guarantee that the 
monitoring and prevention of these risks will be fully effective. Any lack of success in the 
implementation of the Bank's risk management and control policies could have a material adverse effect 
on its business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
The Bank faces technological risks, and a failure in the Bank's information technology systems could 
result in, among other things, trading losses, losses in customer deposits and investments, accounting 
and financial reporting errors and breaches in data security. 
The operations developed by the Group, in Portugal and internationally, have an infrastructure of 
information systems that is externalised, but also common and integrated, promoting higher overall 
efficiency. The Bank's operations depend heavily on their respective computer processing capabilities, 
especially following the centralisation of the information systems. Computer processing capabilities 
include record-keeping, financial reporting and other systems, including systems for monitoring points 
of sale and internal accounting systems. 
Regarding the security of the information systems, the Bank has continued to pursue a strategy aligned 
with good international practices. However, it is not possible to guarantee to potential investors 
complete identification and timely correction of all problems related to the informational technology

--- Page 73 ---
73 
 
systems, or systematic success in the implementation of technological improvements. A failure in the 
Bank's information technology systems could result in, among other things, trading losses, losses in 
customer deposits and investments, accounting and financial reporting errors and breaches in data 
security. The occurrence of any of the aforementioned events could have a significant and negative 
effect on the Bank's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
The Bank is subject to the risk of changes in the relationship with its partners. 
Some of the Bank's activities are carried out in partnership with other entities that are not under the 
control of the Bank, including Millenniumbcp Ageas. Therefore, the Bank does not have the ability to 
control the decisions of these entities or ensure full compliance with the agreements that established 
such partnerships. Any decision or action by these entities and/or their breach of such agreements may 
have a material adverse effect on the Bank's reputation, business, financial condition, results of 
operations and prospects. For further details on the Bank's strategic partnerships, please see 
"Description of the Business of the Group". 
Transactions in the Bank's own portfolio involve risks. 
The Bank carries out various proprietary treasury activities, including the placement of deposits 
denominated in Euro and other currencies in the interbank market, as well as trading in primary and 
secondary markets for government securities. The management of the Bank's own portfolio includes 
taking positions in fixed income and equity markets, both via spot market and through derivative 
products and other financial instruments. Despite the Bank's limited level of involvement in these 
activities, trading on account of its own portfolio carries risks, since its results depend partly on market 
conditions. A reduction in the value of financial assets held due primarily to market conditions, or any 
other such conditions outside the control of the Bank, could require a corresponding loss recognition 
that may impact the Bank's balance sheet. Moreover, the Bank relies on a vast range of risk reporting 
and internal management tools in order to be able to report its exposure to such transactions correctly 
and in due time. Future results arising from trading on account of its own portfolio will depend partly 
on market conditions, and the Bank may incur significant losses resulting from adverse changes in the 
fair value of financial assets, which could have a material adverse effect on its business, financial 
condition, results of operations and prospects. 
Hedging operations carried out by the Bank may not be adequate to prevent losses. 
The Bank carries out hedging transactions to reduce its exposure to different types of risks associated 
with its business.  Many of its hedging strategies are based on historical patterns of transactions and 
correlations. Consequently, unexpected market developments might negatively affect the Bank's 
hedging strategies. 
Furthermore, the Bank does not hedge all of its risk exposure in all market environments or against all 
types of risks and in some cases a hedge may not be available to the Bank. Moreover, the way that gains 
or losses arising from certain ineffective hedges are recognised may result in additional volatility in its 
reported earnings. The Group employs derivatives and other financial instruments to hedge its exposure 
to interest rate and foreign exchange risk resulting from financing and investment activities. Hedging 
derivatives are recognised at their fair value and the profits and losses resulting from their valuation are 
recognised against the results. The Bank may still incur losses from changes in the fair value of 
derivatives and other financial instruments that qualify as fair value hedges. If any of its hedging 
instruments or strategies are inefficient, the Bank could incur losses which could have a material adverse 
effect on its business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.

--- Page 74 ---
74 
 
The Bank faces exchange rate risk related to its international operations. 
All of the Bank's international operations are directly or indirectly exposed to exchange rate risk, which 
could adversely affect the Bank's results. Any devaluation of these currencies relative to the Euro could 
have a negative impact on the Bank's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
As at 31 December 2022, the loans-to-customer funds ratio in Poland and Mozambique was 78% and 
28%, respectively. The Bank's loan portfolio also includes loans in foreign currency, where the losses 
are assumed by customers and recorded in the profit and loss account under impairment. The use of 
funding in foreign currency in some countries of Eastern Europe exposes some of the Bank's customers 
to exchange rate risk, affecting the financial condition of these entities and, consequently, the net 
income of the Bank. Although Bank Millennium stopped granting new foreign currency loans in Poland 
by the end of 2008, it still holds a considerable loan portfolio in foreign currency, mainly in Swiss francs 
(as at 31 December 2022), 8.1% of the total loan portfolio in Poland (gross after legal risk provisions) 
and 16% of the total mortgage loan book in Poland), and therefore the Bank's net income could be 
significantly affected by the need to undertake additional payments for impairment in the loan portfolio 
and by the high cost of zloty swaps. On 15 January 2015, the Swiss National Bank discontinued its 
minimum exchange rate which had been set at EUR/CHF 1.20 in September 2011. Simultaneously, the 
Swiss National Bank lowered the interest rate on sight deposit account balances that exceed a given 
exemption threshold by 0.5% to − 0.75%. As a consequence, on the next day the Swiss franc appreciated 
15% to around EUR/CHF 1.04 and the main index on the Swiss stock exchange went down around 
8.7%. Since then, the EUR/CHF exchange rate has been free float. Net income may also be adversely 
affected if Poland does not join the Eurozone in the medium term as is currently expected. Similarly, 
net income may be affected if institutional investors pool their assets in established, rather than 
emerging, markets. This risk is exacerbated in the context of greater political instability related to reform 
of the European institutional framework, which has already had repercussions on the Swiss franc 
exchange rate. 
For details on the Bank's exposure to risks in foreign countries, see risk factor "The Bank faces exposure 
to risks in its businesses in Europe (Poland) and Africa (Angola and Mozambique)". 
The Bank is subject to the risk of internal and external fraud, crime, cybercrime, or other types of 
misconduct by employees or third parties which could have a material adverse effect on the Bank. 
The Bank is subject to the risk of fraud, crime, money laundering, cybercrime and other types of 
misconduct by employees and third parties, as well as to unauthorised transactions by employees, third 
party service providers and external staff, including "rogue trading". This type of risk could result in 
breaches of law, rules, regulations and internal policies, losses, claims, fines, regulatory action, legal 
proceedings or reputational damage. 
In the area of payments, over the past years the Bank and the Bank's clients have been subject to 
cybercrime and fraud in the form of phishing and malware. European law tends to hold the Bank liable 
unless it provides proof of intentional misconduct or gross negligence by the client. Other forms of theft 
include violent robberies of ATMs, in which criminals use combustible gas, explosives or vehicles and 
heavy equipment to gain access to cash stored in ATMs. 
The Bank may be subject to disruptions of its operating or information systems, arising from criminal 
acts by individuals and groups via cyberspace, which may interrupt the service to clients. 
The Bank remains potentially exposed to the risk that the procedures implemented and the measures 
adopted with respect to the storage and processing of personal data relating to its customers may prove 
to be inadequate and/or not in compliance with the laws and regulations in force from time to time 
and/or may not be promptly or properly implemented by employees and associates. Thus, the data could

--- Page 75 ---
75 
 
be subject to damage, loss, theft, disclosure or processing for purposes other than those authorised by 
the customers, or even use by unauthorised parties (whether third parties or employees of companies of 
the Bank). If any of these circumstances occur there could be a material adverse effect on the Bank's 
business, including its reputation, financial condition, results of operation or prospects. 
Failure of the Bank's information technology systems could lead to a breach of regulations and 
(contractual) obligations and have a material adverse effect on the Bank's reputation, results of 
operations, financial condition and prospects. The continuous efforts of individuals and groups, 
including organised crime, via cyberspace to commit fraud through electronic channels or to gain access 
to information technology systems used by the Bank (including with respect to clients' and Bank 
information held on those systems and transactions processed through these systems) are a growing 
threat to the Bank. The manifestations of risks to technology – including cyber security – change rapidly 
and require continued focus and investment. Given the increasing sophistication and scope of potential 
attacks via cyberspace, it is possible that future attacks may lead to significant breaches of security and 
loss of (personal) data. In addition, the Group may as a result not be able to access data or operate its 
systems, it may not be able to recover data, or establishing that data is not compromised may be very 
time consuming and costly. 
There is a risk that cyber-security risk is not adequately managed or, even if adequately managed, a 
cyber-attack can take place and be successful, which could lead to breach of regulations, investigations 
and administrative enforcement by supervisory authorities and claims that may materially and adversely 
affect the Bank's business, reputation, results of operations, financial condition, prospects and its 
position in legal proceedings. 
A material decline in global capital markets and volatility in other markets could adversely affect the 
activity, results and value of strategic investments of the Bank. 
Investment returns are an important part of the Bank's overall profitability, particularly in relation to 
the life insurance business carried out by the Millennium bcp Ageas joint venture and the Bank's 
investment banking business. 
Uncertainty in global financial markets stemming from the price volatility of capital market instruments 
such as has been experienced in the first quarter of 2022, and if this volatility persists, this may 
materially and adversely affect the Group and particularly the life insurance business and investment 
banking operations, impacting its financial operations and other income and the value of its financial 
holdings and securities portfolios. 
In particular, such a decline in the global capital markets has had and may continue to have an adverse 
effect on the sales of many of the Group's products and services, such as unit-linked products, 
capitalisation insurance, real estate investment funds, asset management services, brokerage, primary 
market issuances and investment banking operations, and significantly reduce the fees related to them, 
as well as adversely affect the Bank's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
As a minority shareholder of Millennium bcp Ageas, the Bank is at risk of being required to inject 
capital into the company if its solvency ratio falls below a certain predefined level, which could occur 
if certain products of Millennium bcp Ageas do not meet a minimum level of return. Furthermore, the 
prolonged fluctuation of stock and bond market prices or extended volatility or turbulence of markets 
has led in the last few months and may continue to lead to the withdrawal of funds from markets by 
investors, which would result in lower investment rates or in the early redemption of life policies. Any 
such decrease could negatively influence the placement of the Bank's investment products. Therefore, 
a decline in the capital markets in general could adversely affect the Bank's business, financial 
condition, results of operations and prospects.

--- Page 76 ---
76 
 
The Bank also maintains trading and investment positions in debt securities, foreign exchange, equity 
and other markets. These positions could be adversely affected by volatility in financial and other 
markets and in Portuguese sovereign debt (EUR 6.0 billion as at 31 December 2022, of which EUR 21 
million recorded in "Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss – Held for trading"; EUR 0 
million recorded in "Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss – Designated at fair value 
through profit or loss"; EUR 2.4 billion recorded in "Financial assets at fair value through other 
comprehensive income" and EUR 3.5 billion recorded in “Financial assets at amortised cost – Debt 
securities”), creating a risk of substantial losses. Potential losses in the Portuguese public debt in 
December 2022 stand at around EUR 90 million. Volatility can also lead to losses relating to a broad 
range of the other trading and hedging products that the Bank uses, including swaps, futures, options 
and structured products. Significant reductions in estimated or actual values of the Bank's assets have 
occurred from previous events in the market. Continued volatility and further fragmentation of certain 
financial markets may affect the Bank's business, financial condition, operating results and prospects. 
In the future, these factors may have an influence on day-to-day valuations of the Bank's financial assets 
and liabilities, recorded at fair value. 
Acts of terrorism, natural disasters, pandemics and global conflicts may have a negative impact on 
the Bank's business and operations. 
Acts of terrorism, natural disasters, pandemics, global conflicts or other similar catastrophic events 
could have a negative impact on the Bank's business, financial condition, results of operations and 
prospects. Such events could damage the Bank's facilities, disrupt or delay the normal operations of its 
business (including communications and technology), result in harm or cause travel limitations on the 
Bank's employees, and have a similar impact on its clients and counterparties. These events could also 
negatively impact the purchase of the Bank's products and services to the extent that those acts or 
conflicts result in reduced capital markets activity, lower asset price levels, or disruptions in general 
economic activity, or in financial market settlement functions. In addition, war, terror attacks, political 
unrest, global conflicts, the national and global efforts to combat terrorism and other potential military 
activities and outbreaks of hostilities may negatively impact economic growth, which could have an 
adverse effect on the Bank's business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects, besides 
other adverse effects on the Bank in ways that it is unable to predict. 
The Bank's risk management methods may not be able to identify all risks or level of risks to which 
the Bank is exposed. 
The Bank's risk management methods are based on a combination of human and technical controls and 
supervision, which are subject to errors and defects. Some of the Bank's methods of managing risks are 
based on internally developed controls and on historic data on market behaviour, also supported by 
common market practices. These methods might not adequately predict future losses, in particular when 
related to relevant market fluctuations, which could be considerably higher than those observed in other 
periods. These methods might also be ineffective in protecting against losses caused by technical errors, 
if the implemented testing and control systems are not effective in the prevention of software and 
hardware technical defects. Any errors or failures in the implementation of such risk management 
systems, as well as their possible inability to identify all the risks or risk levels to which the Bank is 
exposed, could have a material adverse effect on the Bank's business, financial condition, results of 
operations and prospects.

--- Page 77 ---
77 
 
2. 
RISKS RELATING TO NOTES ISSUED UNDER THE PROGRAMME 
2.1 
Risks relating to the Structure of a particular issue of Notes 
A wide range of Notes may be issued under the Programme. A number of these Notes may have features 
which contain particular risks for potential investors. Set out below is a description of the most common 
such features: 
An investor in Subordinated Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes assumes an enhanced risk of loss 
in the event of the Issuer's insolvency. 
The Issuer's obligations under Subordinated Notes will be unsecured and wholly subordinated to the 
claims of (a) creditors of the Issuer whose claims are admitted to proof in the winding-up of the Issuer 
and who are unsubordinated creditors of the Issuer, and (b) creditors of the Issuer whose claims are or 
are expressed to be subordinated to the claims of other creditors of the Issuer (other than those whose 
claims relate to obligations which constitute, or would, but for any applicable limitation on the amount 
of such capital, constitute Tier 1 instruments or Tier 2 instruments of the Issuer, or whose claims 
otherwise rank or are expressed to rank pari passu with, or junior to, the claims of holders of the 
Subordinated Notes); "Tier 1 instruments" has the meaning given to it by the Applicable Banking 
Regulations from time to time; "Tier 2 instruments" has the meaning given to it by the Applicable 
Banking Regulations from time to time; "Applicable Banking Regulations" means at any time the 
laws, regulations, requirements, guidelines and policies relating to capital adequacy then in effect in 
Portugal and applicable to the Issuer, including, without limitation to the generality of the foregoing, 
those regulations, requirements, guidelines and policies relating to capital adequacy then in effect of the 
Relevant Authority and/or any regulation, directive or other binding rules, standards or decisions 
adopted by the institutions of the European Union; and "Relevant Authority" means Banco de 
Portugal, the European Central Bank or such other authority (whether in Portugal or elsewhere) having 
primary responsibility for prudential supervision of the Issuer. Although Subordinated Notes may pay 
a higher rate of interest than comparable Notes which are not subordinated, there is a real risk that an 
investor in Subordinated Notes will lose all or some of their investment should the Issuer become 
insolvent or the Notes subject to loss absorption. Furthermore, depending on how Article 48(7) of 
Directive (EU) 2019/879 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 is implemented 
in Portugal, it is possible that other subordinated creditors of the Issuer who previously ranked pari 
passu with or junior to the holders of Subordinated Notes may rank above the holders of Subordinated 
Notes in the event that the instruments held by such subordinated creditors cease to be own funds of the 
Issuer. 
The Senior Non-Preferred Notes will constitute direct and unsecured obligations of the Issuer and the 
rights of the holders of any Senior Non-Preferred Notes will rank junior in priority of payment to the 
claims of all unsubordinated creditors of the Issuer that are not creditors in respect of Statutory Senior 
Non-Preferred Obligations. Accordingly, no payments of amounts due under the Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes will be made to the Noteholders in the event of insolvency or winding up of such Issuer (to the 
extent permitted by Portuguese law) except where all sums due from such Issuer in respect of the claims 
of all unsubordinated creditors of the relevant Issuer that are not creditors in respect of Statutory Senior 
Non-Preferred Obligations are paid in full, as more fully described in Condition 2(c).  
"Statutory Senior Non-Preferred Obligations" means any present and future claims in respect of 
unsubordinated  and unsecured obligations of the Issuer which have a lower ranking within the meaning 
of article 8-A of Decree-Law no 199/2006 of 25 October (as amended) (or any other provision 
implementing article 108 of Directive 2014/59/EU, as amended by Directive (EU) 2017/2399, in 
Portugal) than the claims in respect of all other unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the Issuer.

--- Page 78 ---
78 
 
Although Senior Non-Preferred Notes may pay a higher rate of interest than comparable Notes which 
benefit from a preferential ranking, there is a significant risk that an investor in Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes will lose all or some of its investment should the Issuer become insolvent or the Notes subject to 
loss absorption. 
Notes may be subject to loss absorption on any application of the general bail-in tool or be subject to 
other resolution tools and (in the case of Subordinated Notes) may be subject to loss absorption at 
the point of non-viability of the Issuer. 
The BRRD contemplates that Subordinated Notes may be subject to non-viability loss absorption, in 
addition to the application of the general bail-in tool which may apply to all Notes. 
The powers provided to resolution authorities in the BRRD include write down/conversion powers to 
ensure that capital instruments (including Additional Tier 1 and Tier 2 instruments) absorb losses at the 
point of non-viability of the issuing institution or its group. Accordingly, the BRRD contemplates that 
resolution authorities may require the write down of such capital instruments in full or on a permanent 
basis, or their conversion in full into shares or other instruments of ownership, to the extent required 
and up to their capacity, at the point of non-viability immediately before or in concurrence with the 
application of any other resolution action, if any. 
The BRRD provides, inter alia, that resolution authorities shall exercise the write down power of 
reducing or converting, according to an order of priority of credits in normal insolvency procedures, in 
a way that results in: 
(a) 
CET1 instruments being written down or converted in proportion to the relevant losses; and 
then 
(b) 
the principal amount of other capital instruments being written down and/or converted into 
CET1 (Tier 1 and Tier 2 instruments) in accordance with their relative ranking. 
On 23 November 2016, the European Commission presented a comprehensive package of reforms to 
further strengthen the resilience of EU banks ("EU Banking Reforms") which proposals amend many 
of the existing provisions set forth in, among others, the BRRD, including a proposal extending the 
application of the power to write down or convert capital instruments at the point of non-viability to 
include eligible liabilities issued for internal purposes. On 16 April 2019 the European Parliament 
approved the proposals. 
The taking of any such actions or the use of any other resolution tool could adversely affect the rights 
of Noteholders, including the write-down or conversion (in whole or in part) of their Notes.  Any such 
actions or the perceived likelihood of any such actions being taken may adversely impact the price or 
value of their investment in the Notes. 
See the risk factor entitled "Single Resolution Mechanism" above and "Description of the Business of 
the Group – Recent developments on the banking regulation" below. 
Subordinated Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes and certain Senior Notes: Remedies for Non-
Payment. 
The sole remedy against the Issuer available to any Noteholder for recovery of amounts owing in respect 
of any payment of principal or interest in respect of any Subordinated Notes, Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes or certain Senior Notes in respect of which Condition 9(b) is specified as "Applicable" in the 
applicable Final Terms will be the institution of proceedings for the winding-up of the Issuer and/or 
proving in any winding-up of the Issuer. As such, the remedies available to holders of any such

--- Page 79 ---
79 
 
Subordinated Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes or relevant Senior Notes are more limited than those 
typically available to holders of other senior ranking securities, which may make enforcement more 
difficult. 
If the Issuer has the right to redeem any Notes at its option, this may limit the market value of the 
Notes concerned and an investor may not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in a manner 
which achieves a similar effective return. 
The Issuer has the right to redeem Notes (i) upon certain taxation events, (ii) in the case of Subordinated 
Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes and certain Senior Notes upon a change in regulatory classification 
of the Notes, (iii) where Clean-up Call Option is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
and (iv) if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, at its option. An optional redemption feature of 
Notes is likely to limit their market value. During any period when the Issuer may elect or is perceived 
to be able to redeem Notes, the market value of those Notes generally will not rise substantially above 
the price at which they can be redeemed. This also may be true prior to any redemption period. 
If the Issuer elects to redeem any Notes, there is a risk that the relevant Notes may be redeemed at times 
when the redemption proceeds are less than the current market value of the Notes or when prevailing 
interest rates may be relatively low, in which case Noteholders may only be able to reinvest the 
redemption proceeds in securities with a lower yield. Potential investors should consider reinvestment 
risk in light of other investments available at that time. 
Notes may be subject to Substitution and Variation provisions 
If, in the case of any Series of Subordinated Notes, Condition 6(n) (Substitution and Variation of 
Subordinated Notes) is specified as being "Applicable" in the relevant Final Terms and a Capital Event 
has occurred and is continuing or if, in the case of Senior Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes, 
Condition 6(o) (Substitution and Variation of Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Senior Notes) is 
specified as being "Applicable" in the relevant Final Terms and an MREL Disqualification Event has 
occurred and is continuing or if any of the tax events described in Condition 6(b) (whether or not such 
Condition applies to the relevant Series of Notes) has occurred and is continuing, or in order to ensure 
the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 16(d), then the Issuer may, subject as provided in 
Condition 6(m) (in respect of Subordinated Notes) and Condition 6(o) (in respect of Senior Notes and 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes) of the Notes and without the need for any consent of the Noteholders, 
substitute all (but not some only) of such Series of Notes for, or vary the terms of such Series of Notes 
(including changing the governing law of Condition 16(d) from English law to Portuguese law or any 
other European law that, after consultation with the Relevant Authority, the Issuer considers allows the 
Subordinated Notes to be Tier 2 Compliant Notes or the Senior Non-Preferred Notes or relevant Senior 
Notes to be MREL Compliant Notes, as the case may be) so that the Notes remain or become Tier 2 
Compliant Notes or MREL Compliant Notes, as applicable. 
While Tier 2 Compliant Notes and MREL Compliant Notes must otherwise contain terms that are not 
materially less favourable to Noteholders than the original terms of the relevant Notes, the governing 
law of Condition 16(d) may be changed from English law to Portuguese law or any other European law 
in order to ensure the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 16(d). 
No assurance can be given as to whether any of these changes will negatively affect any particular 
Noteholder. In addition, the tax and stamp duty consequences of holding such substituted or varied 
Notes could be different for some categories of Noteholders from the tax and stamp duty consequences 
for them of holding such Notes prior to such substitution or variation. There can also be no assurance 
that the terms of any Tier 2 Compliant Notes or MREL Compliant Notes will be viewed by the market 
as equally favourable to Noteholders, or that such Notes will trade at prices that are equal to the prices 
at which the Notes would have traded on the basis of their original terms.

--- Page 80 ---
80 
 
If the Notes include a feature to convert the interest basis from a fixed rate to a floating rate or vice 
versa, this may affect the secondary market and the market value of the Notes concerned. 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes are Notes which bear interest at a rate that converts from a fixed rate to a 
floating rate, or from a floating rate to a fixed rate.  Such a feature to convert the interest basis, and any 
conversion of the interest basis, may affect the secondary market in, and the market value of, such Notes 
as the change of interest basis may result in a lower interest return for Noteholders. Where the Notes 
convert from a fixed rate to a floating rate, the spread on the Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may be less 
favourable than then prevailing spreads on comparable Floating Rate Notes tied to the same reference 
rate. In addition, the new floating rate at any time may be lower than the rates on other Notes. Where 
the Notes convert from a floating rate to a fixed rate, the fixed rate may be lower than then prevailing 
rates on those Notes and could affect the market value of an investment in the relevant Notes. 
The interest rate on Reset Rate Notes will reset on each Reset Date, which can be expected to affect 
the interest payments on an investment in Reset Rate Notes and could affect the market value of 
Reset Rate Notes. 
Reset Rate Notes will initially bear interest at the Initial Rate of Interest until (but excluding) the First 
Reset Date. On the First Reset Date, the Second Reset Date (if applicable) and each Subsequent Reset 
Date (if any) thereafter, the interest rate will be reset to the sum of the applicable Mid-Swap Rate and 
the Reset Margin as determined by the Calculation Agent on the relevant Reset Determination Date 
(each such interest rate, a "Subsequent Reset Rate"), all as further described in Condition 4(b). The 
Subsequent Reset Rate for any Reset Period could be less than the Initial Rate of Interest or the 
Subsequent Reset Rate for prior Reset Periods and could affect the market for and the market value of 
an investment in the Reset Rate Notes. 
Notes which are issued at a substantial discount or premium may experience price volatility in 
response to changes in market interest rates. 
The market values of securities issued at a substantial discount (such as Zero Coupon Notes) or premium 
to their principal amount tend to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do 
prices for more conventional interest-bearing securities. Generally, the longer the remaining term of 
such securities, the greater the price volatility as compared to more conventional interest-bearing 
securities with comparable maturities. 
Limitation on gross-up obligation under the Subordinated Notes, the Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
and certain Senior Notes. 
The obligation under Condition 7 (Taxation) to pay additional amounts in the event of any withholding 
or deduction in respect of taxes on any payments under the terms of the Subordinated Notes or (where 
Condition 7(b) is specified as "Applicable" in the relevant Final Terms) the Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
and the Senior Notes applies only to payments of interest and not to payments of principal or premium 
(as applicable). As such, the Issuer would not be required to pay any additional amounts under the terms 
of such Notes to the extent any withholding or deduction applied to payments of principal or premium 
(as applicable). Accordingly, if any such withholding or deduction were to apply to any payments of 
principal or premium (as applicable) under any such Notes, Noteholders may receive less than the full 
amount of principal or premium (as applicable) due under such Notes upon redemption, and the market 
value of such Notes may be adversely affected. 
Reform and Regulation of "benchmarks". 
Interest rates and indices which are deemed to be "benchmarks" (such as EURIBOR or ISDAFIX (now 
restructured and renamed the ICE Swap Rate) referenced swap rates) are the subject of national and

--- Page 81 ---
81 
 
international regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. Some of these reforms are already effective 
whilst others are still to be implemented. These reforms may cause such "benchmarks" to perform 
differently than in the past, to disappear entirely or to have other consequences which cannot be 
predicted. Any such consequence could have a material adverse effect on any Notes linked to or 
referencing such a "benchmark". Regulation (EU) 2016/1011(the "EU Benchmarks Regulation") 
applies, subject to certain transitional provisions, to the provision of benchmarks, the contribution of 
input data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark within the European Union. Among other things, 
it (i) requires benchmark administrators to be authorised or registered (or, if non-European Union based, 
to be subject to an equivalent regime or otherwise recognised or endorsed) and (ii) prevents certain uses 
by European Union supervised entities of "benchmarks" of administrators that are not authorised or 
registered (or, if non-European Union based, not deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed). 
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA") (the "UK Benchmarks Regulation"), among other things, applies 
to the provision of benchmarks and the use of a benchmark in the UK. Similarly, it prohibits the use in 
the UK by UK supervised entities of benchmarks of administrators that are not authorised by the FCA 
or registered on the FCA register (or, if non-UK based, not deemed equivalent or recognised or 
endorsed). 
The EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable, could have a 
material impact on any Notes linked to or referencing a "benchmark", in particular, if the methodology 
or other terms of the "benchmark" are changed in order to comply with the requirements of the EU 
Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable. Such changes could, 
among other things, have the effect of reducing, increasing or otherwise affecting the volatility of the 
published rate or level of the relevant "benchmark". 
More broadly, any of the national or international reforms, or the general increased regulatory scrutiny 
of "benchmarks", could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the 
setting of a "benchmark" and complying with any such regulations or requirements. 
The euro risk free-rate working group for the euro area has published a set of guiding principles and 
high level recommendations for fallback provisions in, amongst other things, new euro denominated 
cash products (including bonds) referencing EURIBOR. The guiding principles indicate, among other 
things, that continuing to reference EURIBOR in relevant contracts (without robust fallback provisions) 
may increase the risk to the euro area financial system. On 11 May 2021, the euro risk-free rate working 
group published its recommendations on EURIBOR fallback trigger events and fallback rates. 
Such factors may have (without limitation) the following effects on certain "benchmarks" (including 
EURIBOR): (i) discouraging market participants from continuing to administer or contribute to a 
"benchmark"; (ii) triggering changes in the rules or methodologies used in the "benchmark" or (iii) lead 
to the disappearance of the "benchmark". Any of the above changes or any other consequential changes 
as a result of national or international reforms or other initiatives or investigations, could have a material 
adverse effect on the value of and return on any Notes linked to, referencing or otherwise dependent (in 
whole or in part) upon a "benchmark". 
The Terms and Conditions of Notes provide for certain fallback arrangements in the event that an 
Original Reference Rate and/or any page on which an Original Reference Rate may be published (or 
any other successor service) becomes unavailable or a Benchmark Event (as defined in the Terms and 
Conditions) otherwise occurs. Either (i) the Issuer will appoint an Independent Adviser to determine a 
Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Reference Rate to be used in place of the Original 
Reference Rate or (ii) if the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or the Independent 
Adviser appointed is unable to determine the relevant rates, the Issuer may (after consulting with the 
Independent Adviser (if any)) determine a Successor Rate or, failing which an Alternative Reference 
Rate to be used in place of the Original Reference Rate. The use of any such Successor Rate or

--- Page 82 ---
82 
 
Alternative Reference Rate to determine the Rate of Interest may result in the Notes performing 
differently (including paying a lower Rate of Interest for any Interest Period) than they would do if the 
Original Reference Rate were to continue to apply. 
Furthermore, if a Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate is determined by an Independent 
Adviser or the Issuer, as the case may be, the Conditions provide that the Issuer may vary the Conditions 
and the Agency Terms as necessary, to ensure the proper operation of such Successor Rate or 
Alternative Reference Rate, without any requirement for consent or approval of the Noteholders. 
If a Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate is determined by an Independent Adviser or, as the 
case may be, the Issuer, the Conditions also provide that an Adjustment Spread may be determined by 
the Independent Adviser or, as the case may be, the Issuer to be applied to such Successor Rate or 
Alternative Reference Rate. The aim of the Adjustment Spread is to reduce or eliminate, so far as is 
reasonably practicable in the relevant circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as the case 
may be) to the Noteholders as a result of the replacement of the Original Reference Rate with the 
Successor Rate or the Alternative Reference Rate. However, there is no guarantee that such an 
Adjustment Spread will be determined or applied, or that the application of an Adjustment Spread will 
either reduce or eliminate economic prejudice to the Noteholders. If no Adjustment Spread is 
determined, a Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate may nonetheless be used to determine the 
Rate of Interest. Furthermore, there is no guarantee that a Successor Rate or an Alternative Reference 
Rate will be determined or applied. 
If, following the occurrence of a Benchmark Event, no Successor Rate or Alternative Rate is determined 
or the application of a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate would disqualify the notes as Tier 2 capital 
or MREL-eligible liabilities, or cause the relevant regulator to treat the next interest payment date as 
the effective maturity date, as applicable or, in relation to Floating Rate Notes or Reset Notes in respect 
of which the above fallback arrangements do not apply, the ultimate fallback for the purposes of 
calculation of the Rate of Interest for a particular Interest Period may result in the Rate of Interest for 
the last preceding Interest Period being used. This may result in the effective application of a fixed rate 
for Floating Rate Notes based on the rate which was last observed on the Relevant Screen Page or, in 
the case of Reset Notes, the application of the previous reset Rate of Interest for a preceding Reset 
Period, or for the First Reset Rate of Interest, the application of the Initial Rate of Interest applicable to 
such Notes on the Interest Commencement Date. Due to the uncertainty concerning the availability of 
Successor Rates and Alternative Rates, the involvement of an Independent Adviser, the potential for 
further regulatory developments and the fact that the provisions of Condition 4(f) ("Benchmark 
Replacement") will not be applied if and to the extent that, in the determination of the Issuer, the same 
could reasonably be expected to prejudice the qualification of the relevant Series of Notes as regulatory 
capital or eligible liabilities, where applicable, there is a risk that the relevant fallback provisions may 
not operate as intended at the relevant time. Any of the foregoing could have an adverse effect on the 
value or liquidity of, and return on the Notes. 
Any of the above matters, which are not subject to the approval of Noteholders, or any other significant 
change to the setting or existence of the Original Reference Rate could adversely affect the ability of 
the Issuer to meet its obligations under the Notes and could have a material adverse effect on the value 
or liquidity of, and the amount payable under, the Notes. 
2.2 
Risks related to Notes generally 
Set out below is a brief description of certain risks relating to the Notes generally: 
The Notes are unsecured and therefore subject to the resolution regime.

--- Page 83 ---
83 
 
The Notes are unsecured and therefore subject to the resolution regime, including the bail-in tool (see 
further "Notes may be subject to loss absorption on any application of the general bail-in tool or be 
subject to other resolution tools and (in the case of Subordinated Notes) may be subject to loss 
absorption at the point of non-viability of the Issuer" above and "Description of the Business of the 
Group – Recent developments on the banking regulation" below). The impact on investors, in a 
resolution scenario, depends crucially on the rank of the liability in the resolution creditor hierarchy. In 
the event of resolution, inter alia: (i) the outstanding amount of the Notes may be reduced to zero or the 
Notes may be converted into ordinary shares of BCP or other instruments of ownership; (ii) a transfer 
of assets (e.g. to a bridge bank) or in a sale of business may limit the capacity of the Bank to meet its 
repayment obligations; and (iii) the maturity of any Notes or the interest rate under such Notes can be 
altered and the payments may be suspended for a certain period. When a resolution measure is applied 
no shareholder or creditor of the institution (including the Noteholders) subject to resolution may have 
losses greater than it would have if the institution had entered into liquidation ("no creditor worse off"). 
Noteholders may have a right to compensation if the treatment they receive in resolution is less 
favourable than the treatment they would have received under normal liquidation proceedings. This 
assessment must be based on an independent valuation of the firm. Completion of this assessment, as 
well as payment of any potential consideration, may occur considerably later than contractual payment 
dates. 
The conditions of the Notes contain provisions which may permit their modification without the 
consent of all investors. 
The conditions of the Notes contain provisions for calling meetings of Noteholders to consider and vote 
upon matters affecting their interests generally. These provisions permit defined majorities to bind all 
Noteholders including Noteholders who did not attend and vote at the relevant meeting and Noteholders 
who voted in a manner contrary to the majority. 
The conditions of the Notes also provide that the Agent and the Issuer may, without the consent of the 
Noteholders, make modifications to the Notes or the Instrument in the circumstances further described 
in Condition 13. 
Administrative co-operation in the field of taxation – Common Reporting Standard  
Council Directive 2011/16/EU, as amended by Council Directive 2014/107/EU, of 9 December 2014, 
introduced the automatic exchange of information in the field of taxation concerning bank accounts and 
is in accordance with the Global Standard released by the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and 
Development in July 2014 (the Common Reporting Standard). 
Portugal has implemented Directive 2011/16/EU through Decree-Law No. 61/2013, of 10 May 2013, 
as amended by Decree-Law No. 64/2016, of 11 October 2016, Law No. 98/2017, of 24 August 2017, 
and Law No. 17/2019, of 14 February 2019. 
The Council Directive 2014/107/EU, of 9 December 2014, regarding the mandatory automatic 
exchange of information in the field of taxation was also implemented in Portugal through the Decree-
Law No. 64/2016, of 11 October 2016, as amended, Law No. 98/2017, of 24 August 2017, and Law 
No. 17/2019, of 14 February 2019. Under such law, the Issuer is required to collect information 
regarding certain accountholders and report such information to Portuguese Tax Authorities – which, 
in turn, will report such information to the relevant tax authorities of EU Member States or third States 
which have signed the Multilateral Competent Authority Agreement on Automatic Exchange of 
Financial Account Information for the Common Reporting Standard. Law no. 17/2019, of 14 February 
2019 introduced the regime for the automatic exchange of financial information to be carried out by 
financial institutions to the Portuguese Tax Authority (until July 31, with reference to the previous year) 
with respect to accounts held by holders or beneficiaries resident in the Portuguese territory with a

--- Page 84 ---
84 
 
balance or value that exceeds EUR 50,000 (assessed at the end of each civil year). This regime covers 
information related to years 2018 and following years. 
Under Council Directive 2014/107/EU, of 9 December 2014, financial institutions are required to report 
to the tax authorities of their respective Member State (for the exchange of information with the state 
of residence) information regarding bank accounts, including custodial accounts, held by individual 
persons residing in a different Member State or entities which are controlled by one or more individual 
persons residing in a different Member State, after having applied the due diligence rules foreseen in 
the Directive.  The information refers to the account balance at the end of the calendar year, income 
paid or credited in the account and the proceeds from the sale or redemption of the financial assets paid 
or credited in the account during the calendar year to which the financial institution acted as custodian, 
broker, nominee, or otherwise as an agent for the account holder, among others. 
In view of the regime enacted by Decree-Law No. 64/2016, of 11 October 2016, which was amended 
by Law No. 98/2017, of 24 August 2017, and Law No. 17/2019, of 14 February 2019, all information 
regarding the registration of the financial institution, the procedures to comply with the reporting 
obligations arising thereof and the applicable forms were approved by Ministerial Order ("Portaria")  
No. 302-B/2016, of 2 December 2016, as amended by Ministerial Order ("Portaria") No. 282/2018, of 
19 October 2018, Ministerial Order ("Portaria") No. 302-C/2016, of 2 December 2016, Ministerial 
Order ("Portaria") No. 302-D/2016, of 2 December 2016, as amended by Ministerial Order ("Portaria") 
No. 255/2017, of 14 August 2017, and by Ministerial Order ("Portaria") No. 58/2018, of 27 February 
2018, and Ministerial Order ("Portaria")  No. 302-E/2016, of 2 December 2016. 
Administrative co-operation in the field of taxation – Mandatory Disclosure Rules  
Council Directive 2011/16/EU, as amended by Council Directive (EU) 2018/822 of 25 May, introduced 
the automatic exchange of tax information concerning the cross-border mechanisms to be reported to 
the tax authorities, in order to ensure a better functioning of the EU market by discouraging the use of 
aggressive cross-border tax planning arrangements. 
Under Council Directive (EU) 2018/822 of 25 May, the intermediaries or the relevant taxpayers are 
subject to the obligation to communicate cross-border tax planning arrangements’ information to the 
tax authorities of EU Member States, according to certain hallmarks indicating a potential risk of tax 
avoidance. 
Portugal implemented Council Directive (EU) 2018/822 of 25 May through Law No. 26/2020, of 21 
July, and Decree-Law No. 53/2020, of 11 August, with the following features: 
- 
Reportable arrangements include cross-border and purely domestic arrangements, but generic 
hallmarks linked to the main benefit test are not relevant in case of purely domestic arrangements; 
- 
The main benefit test is only satisfied if the obtaining of a tax advantage, beyond a reasonable 
doubt, is the main benefit or one of the main benefits which, having regard to all relevant facts and 
circumstances, a person may reasonably expect to derive from an arrangement;   
- 
Tax advantage is defined as any reduction, elimination or tax deferral, including the use of tax 
losses or the granting of tax benefits that would not be granted fully or partially, without the use of 
the mechanism; and 
- 
In case any professional privilege or confidentiality clauses apply, the reporting obligations are 
shifted to the relevant taxpayer; however, in case the relevant taxpayer does not comply with this 
obligation, the reporting obligation is then shifted again to the intermediary.

--- Page 85 ---
85 
 
The deadlines to file information to the Portuguese Tax Authorities are as follows: 
- 
The standard 30-day reporting period, as well as the period of 5 days to inform the taxpayer in case 
any professional privilege or confidentiality clauses applies to the intermediary, begin on 1 January 
2021; 
- 
Reportable cross-border arrangements which first step was implemented between 25 June 2018 
and 30 June 2020 – to be filed by 28 February 2021; 
- 
Reportable domestic or cross-border arrangements made available for implementation or ready for 
implementation, or where the first step in its implementation has been made between 1 July 2020 
and 31 December 2020 - the period of 30 days for filing information and the period of 5 days to 
inform the taxpayer begin on 1 January 2021; and 
- 
The deadline for the first periodic reporting of domestic and cross-border marketable arrangements 
is 30 April 2021. 
The applicable form (Model 58) to comply with the reporting obligations to the Portuguese Tax 
Authority was approved by Ministerial Order no. 304/2020, of 29 December.  
Investors should in any case consult their own tax advisers to obtain a more detailed explanation of this 
regime and how it may individually affect them. 
The value of the Notes could be adversely affected by a change in law or administrative practice. 
The Agency Terms and the Notes (except Conditions 2(b) and 2(c)) are governed by, and shall be 
construed in accordance with, English law. Conditions 2(b) and 2(c) and the form (representação 
formal) and transfer of the Notes, the creation of security over the Notes and the Interbolsa procedures 
for the exercise of rights under the Notes are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, 
Portuguese law. 
The conditions of the Notes are based on relevant law in effect as at the date of this Offering Circular. 
No assurance can be given as to the impact of any possible judicial decision or change to relevant law 
or administrative practice after the date of this Offering Circular. 
Risks related to withholding tax on Notes.  
Under Portuguese law, income derived from the Notes integrated in and held through a centralised 
system managed by Portuguese resident entities (such as the Central de Valores Mobiliários, managed 
by Interbolsa), by other European Union or EEA entities that manage international clearing systems (in 
the latter case if there is administrative co-operation for tax purposes with the relevant country which 
is equivalent to that in place within the European Union), or, when authorised by the member of the 
government in charge of finance (currently the Finance Minister), in other centralised systems held by 
non-resident investors (both individual and corporate) eligible for the debt securities special tax 
exemption regime which was approved by Decree-Law No. 193/2005, of 7 November 2005, as 
amended, ("the special regime approved by Decree-Law No. 193/2005") may benefit from 
withholding tax exemption, provided that certain procedures and certification requirements are 
complied with. 
Failure to comply with procedures, declarations, certifications or others will result in the application of 
the relevant Portuguese domestic withholding tax to the payments without giving rise to an obligation 
to gross up by the Bank.

--- Page 86 ---
86 
 
It should also be noted that, if interest and other income derived from the Notes is paid or made available 
("colocado à disposição") to accounts in the name of one or more accountholders acting on behalf of 
undisclosed entities (e.g. typically "jumbo" accounts) such income will be subject to withholding tax in 
Portugal at a rate of 35% unless the beneficial owner of the income is disclosed. Failure by the investors 
to comply with this disclosure obligation will result in the application of the said Portuguese 
withholding tax at a rate of 35% and the Bank will not be required to gross up payments in respect of 
any withheld accounts in accordance with Condition 7 (Taxation). 
Further, interest and other types of investment income obtained by non-resident holders (individuals or 
legal persons) without a Portuguese permanent establishment to which the income is attributable that 
are domiciled in a country, territory or region included in the "tax havens" list approved by Ministerial 
Order No. 150/2004 of 13 February 2004, as amended from time to time (hereafter "Ministerial Order 
No. 150/2004"), is subject to withholding tax at 35%, which is the final tax on that income, unless the 
special regime approved by Decree-Law No. 193/2005 applies and the beneficial owners are central 
banks and government agencies, international organisations recognised by the Portuguese state, 
residents in a country or jurisdiction with which Portugal has entered into a double tax treaty or a tax 
information exchange agreement in force. 
The Bank will not be required to gross up payments in respect of any of such non-resident holders, in 
accordance with Condition 7 (Taxation). 
See details of the Portuguese taxation regime in "Taxation – Portuguese Taxation". 
2.3 
Risks related to the market generally 
Set out below is a brief description of the main market risks, including exchange rate risk, interest rate 
risk, credit risk and liquidity risk: 
If an investor holds Notes which are not denominated in the investor's home currency, they will be 
exposed to movements in exchange rates adversely affecting the value of their holding. In addition, 
the imposition of exchange controls in relation to any Notes could result in an investor not receiving 
payments on those Notes. 
Principal and interest on the Notes will be paid in the Specified Currency. This presents certain risks 
relating to currency conversions if an investor's financial activities are denominated principally in a 
currency or currency unit (the "Investor's Currency") other than the Specified Currency. These include 
the risk that exchange rates may significantly change (including changes due to devaluation of the 
Specified Currency or revaluation of the Investor's Currency) and the risk that authorities with 
jurisdiction over the Investor's Currency may impose or modify exchange controls. An appreciation in 
the value of the Investor's Currency relative to the Specified Currency would decrease (1) the Investor's 
Currency-equivalent yield on the Notes, (2) the Investor's Currency-equivalent value of the principal 
payable on the Notes and (3) the Investor's Currency-equivalent market value of the Notes. 
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls 
that could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate or the ability of the Issuer to make payments in 
respect of the Notes. As a result, investors may receive less interest or principal than expected, or no 
interest or principal. 
The value of Fixed Rate Notes may be adversely affected by movements in market interest rates. 
Investment in Fixed Rate Notes involves the risk that subsequent changes in market interest rates may 
adversely affect the value of the Fixed Rate Notes.

--- Page 87 ---
87 
 
Credit ratings assigned to the Issuer or any Notes may not reflect all the risks associated with an 
investment in those Notes. 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Notes. The ratings may 
not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market, additional factors discussed 
above, and other factors that may affect the value of the Notes. A credit rating is not a recommendation 
to buy, sell or hold securities and may be revised or withdrawn by the rating agency at any time. 
In addition, rating agencies may assign unsolicited ratings to the Notes. In such circumstances there can 
be no assurance that the unsolicited rating(s) will not be lower than the comparable solicited ratings 
assigned to the Notes, which could adversely affect the market value and liquidity of the Notes. 
In general, European regulated investors are restricted under the CRA Regulation from using credit 
ratings for regulatory purposes in the EEA, unless such ratings are issued by a credit rating agency 
established in the EEA and registered under the CRA Regulation (and such registration has not been 
withdrawn or suspended). Such general restriction will also apply in the case of credit ratings issued by 
third country non-EEA credit rating agencies, unless the relevant credit ratings are endorsed by an EEA-
registered credit rating agency or the relevant third country rating agency is certified in accordance with 
the CRA Regulation (and such endorsement action or certification, as the case may be, has not been 
withdrawn or suspended, subject to transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances). The list 
of registered and certified rating agencies published by ESMA on its website in accordance with the 
CRA Regulation is not conclusive evidence of the status of the relevant rating agency included in such 
list, as there may be delays between certain supervisory measures being taken against a relevant rating 
agency and the publication of the updated ESMA list.  
Investors regulated in the UK are subject to similar restrictions under the Regulation (EC) No. 
1060/2009 (as amended) as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) 
Act 2018 ("EUWA") (the "UK CRA Regulation"). As such, UK regulated investors are required to 
use for UK regulatory purposes ratings issued by a credit rating agency established in the UK and 
registered under the UK CRA Regulation. In the case of ratings issued by third country non-UK credit 
rating agencies, third country credit ratings can either be: (a) endorsed by a UK registered credit rating 
agency; or (b) issued by a third country credit rating agency that is certified in accordance with the UK 
CRA Regulation. Note this is subject, in each case, to (a) the relevant UK registration, certification or 
endorsement, as the case may be, not having been withdrawn or suspended, and (b) transitional 
provisions that apply in certain circumstances.   
If the status of the rating agency rating the Notes changes for the purposes of the CRA Regulation or 
the UK CRA Regulation, relevant regulated investors may no longer be able to use the rating for 
regulatory purposes in the EEA or the UK, as applicable, and the Notes may have a different regulatory 
treatment, which may impact the value of the Notes and their liquidity in the secondary market. 
Certain information with respect to the credit rating agencies and ratings is set out on the cover of this 
Offering Circular. 
An active secondary market in respect of the Notes may never be established or may be illiquid and 
this would adversely affect the value at which an investor could sell their Notes. 
Notes may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop. If a market 
does develop, it may not be very liquid and such liquidity may be sensitive to changes in financial 
markets. Therefore, investors may not be able to sell their Notes easily or at prices that will provide 
them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed secondary market. Illiquidity 
may have a severely adverse effect on the market value of Notes. This is particularly the case for Notes 
that are especially sensitive to interest rate, currency or market risks, are designed for specific

--- Page 88 ---
88 
 
investment objectives or strategies, are being issued to a single investor or a limited number of investors 
or have been structured to meet the investment requirements of limited categories of investors.  These 
types of Notes generally would have a more limited secondary market and more price volatility than 
conventional debt securities. In addition, should the Issuer be in financial distress, this is likely to have 
a significant impact on the secondary market for the Notes and investors may have to sell their Notes 
at a substantial discount to their principal amount. 
2.4 
Risks relating to ESG Notes 
Set out below is a brief description of the main risks relating to Notes issued as "green", 
"environmental", "social" "sustainability"or other equivalently labelled note ("ESG Notes"). 
No assurance that ESG Notes will satisfy any investor requirements, investment criteria or 
expectations  
The Final Terms relating to any specific issue of Notes may provide that such Notes are intended to be 
green Notes, social Notes or sustainability Notes. The Issuer intends to i) allocate an amount equal to 
the net proceeds from any issue of green Notes ("Green Notes") for the purposes of the finance and/or 
refinance, of loans and/or investments with environmental benefits ("Eligible Green Assets"), ii) 
allocate an amount equal to the net proceeds from any issue of social Notes ("Social Notes") for the 
purposes of the finance and/or refinance, of loans and/or investments with social benefits ("Eligible 
Social Assets") and iii) allocate an amount equal to the net proceeds from any issue of sustainability 
Notes ("Sustainability Notes") for the purposes of the finance and/or refinance, loans and/or 
investments with a mix of environmental and social benefits ("Eligible Green and Social Assets"), in 
each case as described in the Green, Social and Sustainability Bond Framework dated May 2021 (the 
"ESG 
Framework") 
published 
at 
https://ind.millenniumbcp.pt/pt/Institucional/investidores/Documents/ESGBonds/Framework.pdf (as 
amended, supplemented or otherwise updated from time to time). Prospective investors should have 
regard to the information set out in this Offering Circular, the relevant Final Terms and the ESG 
Framework regarding such use of proceeds and must determine for themselves the relevance of such 
information for the purpose of any investment in such Notes together with any other investigation such 
investors deem necessary. The ESG Framework may be amended at any time without the consent of 
Noteholders and none of the Issuer or the Dealers or any of their respective affiliates assumes any 
obligation or responsibility to release any update or revision to the ESG Framework and/or information 
to reflect events or circumstances after the date of publication of the ESG Framework. The ESG 
Framework will not be, and shall not be deemed to be, incorporated in and/or form part of this Offering 
Circular.  
If the use of such proceeds is a factor in a prospective investor’s decision to invest in ESG Notes, 
prospective investors should consult with their legal and other advisers before making an investment in 
any such ESG Notes and must determine for themselves the relevance of such information for the 
purpose of any investment. No Dealer shall be responsible for the ongoing monitoring of the use of 
proceeds in respect of any such Notes. No assurance is given by the Issuer or the Dealers or any of their 
respective affiliates that the use of amounts by the Issuer for the purposes of financing or refinancing 
any projects which the Issuer has identified as Eligible Green Assets, Eligible Social Assets or Eligible 
Green and Social Assets will satisfy, whether in whole or in part, any present or future investor 
expectations or requirements as regards any investment criteria or guidelines with which such investor 
or its investments are required to comply, whether by any present or future applicable law or regulations 
or by its own by-laws or other governing rules or investment portfolio mandates, in particular with 
regard to any direct or indirect environmental, green, sustainability or social impact of any projects or 
uses that are the subject of, or related to, any Eligible Green Asset, Eligible Social Asset or Eligible 
Green and Social Asset. There is also no commitment from the Issuer or any other entity for any Eligible 
Green Asset, Eligible Social Asset or Eligible Green and Social Asset to have a maturity or lifespan

--- Page 89 ---
89 
 
matching the minimum duration of any related ESG Notes or any other liabilities and any such 
mismatch shall not lead to a right or obligation of the Issuer to redeem any ESG Notes or give any 
Noteholder the right to require redemption of its Notes, be a relevant factor for the Issuer in determining 
whether or not to exercise any optional redemption rights in respect of any Notes, constitute an incentive 
to redeem any Notes or prejudice any qualification of any Notes as own funds and/or eligible liabilities 
(as applicable). 
No assurance that Eligible Green Assets, Eligible Social Assets or Eligible Green and Social Assets 
will be completed or meet their objectives 
Whilst it is the intention of the Issuer to apply the proceeds of any Notes so specified for Eligible Green 
Assets, Eligible Social Assets or Eligible Green and Social Assets in, or substantially in, the manner 
summarised in this Offering Circular, no assurance or representation is given by the Issuer or the Dealers 
or any of their respective affiliates that any Eligible Green Assets, Eligible Social Assets or Eligible 
Green and Social Assets will be capable of being implemented in, or substantially in, such manner 
and/or in accordance with any timing schedule and that accordingly such proceeds will be totally or 
partially disbursed for such Eligible Green Assets, Eligible Social Assets or Eligible Green and Social 
Assets. Nor can there be any assurance that such Eligible Green Assets, Eligible Social Assets or 
Eligible Green and Social Assets will be completed within any specified period or at all or with the 
results or outcome (whether or not related to the environment) as originally expected or anticipated by 
the Issuer when making its assessment whether or not to apply any proceeds of ESG Notes to such 
Eligible Green Asset, Eligible Social Asset or Eligible Green and Social Asset. Any such event or failure 
by the Issuer will not constitute an Event of Default under the Notes or otherwise result in the Notes 
being redeemed prior to their maturity date. 
No direct contractual link between ESG Notes and any ESG targets of the Issuer 
There is no direct contractual link between any ESG Notes and any green, social or sustainability targets 
of the Issuer. Therefore, payments of interest, principal or other amounts, as applicable, payable in 
respect of any Notes and rights to accelerate under the Notes will not be impacted by the performance 
of Eligible Green Assets, Eligible Social Assets or Eligible Green and Social Assets funded out of the 
proceeds of issue (or amounts equal thereto) of the Notes or by any other green, social or sustainable 
assets of the Issuer.  
No assurance of suitability or reliability of any second party opinion, certification or report 
In connection with the issuance of ESG Notes, the Issuer has appointed Sustainalytics, B.V. to provide 
an independent evaluation (the "Second Party Opinion") of the ESG Framework’s alignment with the 
four core components of the Green Bond Principles (2018), Social Bond Principles (2020) and 
Sustainability Bond Guidelines (2018) published by the International Capital Market Association 
published 
in 
https://www.icmagroup.org/green-social-and-sustainability-bonds/ 
(as 
amended, 
supplemented or otherwise updated from time to time). The Second-Party Opinion will be publicly 
available 
on 
Millennium 
bcp’s 
website: 
https://ind.millenniumbcp.pt/pt/Institucional/investidores/Documents/ESGBonds/SPO.pdf. 
The 
Second Party Opinion will not be, and shall not be deemed to be, incorporated in and/or form part of 
this Offering Circular. As of the date hereof, the providers of the Second Party Opinion are not subject 
to any specific regulatory regime or regulatory supervision. 
No assurance or representation is given by the Issuer or the Dealers or any of their respective affiliates 
as to the suitability or reliability for any purpose whatsoever of any opinion or certification or report of 
any third party (whether or not requested by the Issuer) which may be made available in connection 
with the issue of any ESG Notes and/or the ESG Framework (as updated from time to time), including 
the Second Party Opinion (as updated from time to time) or in particular with any Eligible Green Assets,

--- Page 90 ---
90 
 
Eligible Social Assets or Eligible Green and Social Assets to fulfil any environmental, green, 
sustainability, social and/or other criteria. For the avoidance of doubt, any such opinion, report or 
certification is not, nor shall it be deemed to be, incorporated in and/or form part of this Offering 
Circular. 
Any such, opinion or certification is not, and should not be deemed to be, a recommendation to buy, 
sell or hold any such ESG Notes. Any such opinion, report or certification is only current as at the date 
that opinion, report or certification was initially issued. Prospective investors must determine for 
themselves the relevance of any such opinion or certification and/or the information contained therein 
and/or the provider of such opinion or certification for the purpose of any investment in ESG Notes. 
Investors in such ESG Notes shall have no recourse against the Issuer, the Dealers or the provider of 
any such opinion, report or certification for the contents of any such opinion, report or certification. 
No consensus on the definition of concepts and absence of legal framework 
It should be noted that there is currently no clear definition (legal, regulatory or otherwise) of an "ESG 
note" nor market consensus as to what constitutes, a "ESG", "green", "environmental", "sustainable", 
"social" or any similar label, nor can any assurance be given that such a clear definition or consensus 
will develop over time or that, if it does, any ESG Notes will comply with such definition, market 
consensus or label. In addition no assurance can be given by the Issuer, any Dealer or any of their 
respective affiliates or any other person to investors that any ESG Notes will comply with any future 
standards or requirements regarding any "green", "environmental", "sustainable", "social" or other 
equivalently-labelled performance objectives, including Regulation (EU) 2020/852 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 18 June 2020 (the "Sustainable Finance Taxonomy Regulation") on 
the establishment of a framework to facilitate sustainable investment (the "EU Sustainable Finance 
Taxonomy") and accordingly the status of any Notes as being "green", "environmental", "sustainable", 
"social" (or equivalent) could be withdrawn at any time. The EU Sustainable Finance Taxonomy is 
subject to further development by way of the implementation by the European Commission through 
delegated regulations of technical screening criteria for the environmental objectives set out in the 
Sustainable Finance Taxonomy Regulation.  
No assurance that listing or admission to trading of ESG Notes will satisfy any investor requirements, 
investment criteria or expectations  
In the event that any such ESG Notes are listed or admitted to trading on any dedicated  or other 
equivalently-labelled segment of any stock exchange or securities market (whether or not regulated), 
no representation or assurance is given by the Issuer, any Dealer or any of their respective affiliates or 
any other person that such listing or admission satisfies, whether in whole or in part, any present or 
future investor expectations or requirements as regards any investment criteria or guidelines with which 
such investor or its investments are required to comply, whether by any present or future applicable law 
or regulations or by its own by-laws or other governing rules or investment portfolio mandates. 
Furthermore, it should be noted that the criteria for any such listings or admission to trading may vary 
from one stock exchange or securities market to another. No representation or assurance is given or 
made by the Issuer, the Dealers or any of their respective affiliates or any other person that any such 
listing or admission to trading will be obtained in respect of any such ESG Notes or, if obtained, that 
any such listing or admission to trading will be maintained during the life of the ESG Notes. 
The proceeds of the issue of ESG Notes will not be segregated and will be available to cover all losses 
on the balance sheet of the Issuer in the event of insolvency or resolution of the Issuer 
The net proceeds (or equivalent amount thereof) of the issue of any ESG Notes which, from time to 
time, are not yet allocated as funding for Eligible Green Assets, Eligible Social Assets or Eligible Green 
and Social Assets may be separately identified from the Issuer’s other funds strictly for accounting

--- Page 91 ---
91 
 
purposes (for instance, in a sub-account) in accordance with the ICMA Green Bond Principles. 
However, such proceeds will not be segregated from the Issuer’s assets or capital. There is nothing that 
prevents ESG Notes and any proceeds of such ESG Notes being used to absorb any and all losses of the 
Issuer or the BCP Group in general in the same way as other liabilities of the Issuer or the BCP Group.In 
particular, the Notes will be subject to the exercise of the general bail-in tool and other applicable BRRD 
tools to the same extent and with the same ranking as any other note which is not a ESG Note. Further, 
ESG Notes, as with other notes, will be fully subject to the application of CRR II eligibility criteria and 
BRRD requirements and, as such, proceeds from the Notes will cover all losses in the balance sheet of 
the Issuer regardless of their "green", "social" or "sustainable" label. Additionally, their labelling as 
ESG Notes will not (i) affect the regulatory treatment of the Notes as own funds and/or eligible liabilities 
(as applicable) or (ii) have any impact on their status as indicated in Condition 2 (Status of the Notes). 
No Events of Default related with ESG Notes specifically 
Any event or failure by the Issuer to apply an amount equal to the net proceeds of any issue of ESG 
Notes to finance and/or refinance any Eligible Green Assets, Eligible Social Assets or Eligible Green 
and Social Assets and/or any failure by the Issuer to meet any applicable ESG target or objective and/or 
any failure by the Issuer to advance loans to customers to finance and/or refinance any Eligible Green 
Assets, Eligible Social Assets or Eligible Green and Social Assets, and/or any failure by any such 
customer to apply those funds to Eligible Green Assets, Eligible Social Assets or Eligible Green and 
Social Assets as mentioned above, and/or withdrawal of any opinion or certification in connection with 
any ESG Notes, or any opinion or certification attesting that the Issuer or any of its customers is not 
complying in whole or in part with any matters for which such opinion or certification is opining or 
certifying on and/or any ESG Notes no longer being listed or admitted to trading on any stock exchange 
or securities market or any particular segment of any exchange or market as described above and/or any 
failure by the Issuer to provide or publish any reporting or any impact assessment on the use of proceeds 
(or amounts equal thereto) from any issue of ESG Notes may have a material adverse effect on the value 
of such ESG Notes and also potentially the value of any other Notes which are intended to finance 
Eligible Green Assets, Eligible Social Assets or Eligible Green and Social Assets and/or result in 
adverse consequences for certain investors with portfolio mandates to invest in securities to be used for 
a particular purpose and will not:  
i. 
give rise to any claim of a Noteholder against the Issuer, the BCP Group or the Dealers; 
ii. 
constitute an Event of Default under any ESG Notes or a breach or violation of any term of the 
ESG Notes, or constitute a default by the Issuer for any other purpose, or permit any Noteholder 
to accelerate the ESG Notes or take any other enforcement action against the Issuer; 
iii. 
lead to a right or obligation of the Issuer to redeem any ESG Notes or be a relevant factor for 
the Issuer in determining whether or not to exercise any optional redemption rights in respect 
of any ESG Notes or give any Noteholder the right to require redemption of its Notes; 
iv. 
affect the qualification of ESG Notes as Tier 2 Capital or as eligible liabilities (as applicable) 
or impact the features relating to such ESG Notes, including but not limited to their loss 
absorbing capacity, ranking or applicability of Bail-in Power (as applicable); 
v. 
otherwise affect or impede the ability of the Issuer to apply the proceeds of such ESG Notes to 
cover losses; or 
vi. 
result in any step-up or increased payments of interest, principal or any other amounts, as 
applicable, in respect of any ESG Notes, or otherwise affect the terms and conditions of any 
ESG Notes.

--- Page 92 ---
92 
 
However, such event or failure may adversely affect the reputation of the Issuer and the BCP Group 
and could have a material adverse effect on the value of the ESG Notes and also potentially the value 
of any other notes, including (without limitation) notes which are intended to finance the Issuer’s 
lending for other Eligible Green Assets, Eligible Social Assets or Eligible Green and Social Assets 
and/or result in adverse consequences for certain investors with portfolio mandates to invest in securities 
to be used for a particular purpose.  
The proceeds of issue of ESG Notes which are eligible to count as Tier 2 capital and/or MREL of the 
Issuer will be available to absorb losses of the Issuer to the same degree and in the same manner as Tier 
2 and/or MREL notes that are not issued as ESG Notes. Notes issued as ESG Notes will be subject to 
write down and conversion of capital instruments and eligible liabilities and/ or other non-viability loss 
absorption actions in the same way as any other Notes issued under the Programme. Further, investors 
should note that where ESG Notes qualify for inclusion in the owns funds and eligible liabilities of the 
Issuer, the prudential and resolution rules, including the Bail-in Power as defined in Condition 16 will 
apply to those ESG Notes in the same way as they apply to other Notes issued under the Programme.  
ESG Notes intended to form part of the own funds and eligible liabilities of the Issuer will not be issued 
with any features which undermine their ability to absorb losses in compliance with the prevailing 
prudential and resolution rules, and neither the ESG Notes nor the proceeds of issue of the ESG Notes 
will be afforded any special treatment or enhanced protections as a result of them being ESG Notes. 
Subordinated Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes will continue to be subject to lower priority 
ranking than other senior-ranking debts of the Issuer, and the other risks applicable to Senior Preferred 
Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Subordinated Notes, including with respect to loss absorption 
as a result of bail-in or write down or conversion to equity shall apply to such irrespective of whether 
or not such Notes are ESG Notes. 
The proceeds of issue of ESG Notes that qualify as own funds and eligible liabilities of the Issuer will 
be available to cover all losses of the Issuer, regardless of whether such Notes are ESG Notes and 
regardless of whether the losses stem from the loans advanced by the Issuer out of the proceeds of issue 
of such ESG Notes or under any other green, social or sustainable assets of the BCP Group.

--- Page 93 ---
93 
 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
Under the Programme, the Issuer may from time to time issue Notes denominated in any currency 
subject as set out herein. A summary of the terms and conditions of the Programme and the Notes 
appears below. The applicable terms of any Notes will be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer prior to the issue of the Notes and will be set out in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
incorporated in, or incorporated by reference into, the Notes, and in the Final Terms applicable to such 
Notes, which complete information regarding the Terms and Conditions, is more fully described under 
"Form of the Notes" below. 
This Offering Circular and any supplement will only be valid for listing Notes during the period of 12 
months after the date of approval of this Offering Circular in an aggregate nominal amount which, when 
added to the aggregate nominal amount of all Notes then outstanding or simultaneously issued under 
the Programme, does not exceed EUR 25,000,000,000 or its equivalent in other currencies. For the 
purpose of calculating the Euro equivalent of the aggregate nominal amount of Notes issued under the 
Programme from time to time after the date of this Offering Circular: 
(a) 
the Euro equivalent of Notes denominated in another Specified Currency (as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms in relation to the relevant Notes, as described under "Form of the Notes") 
shall be determined, at the discretion of the Issuer, as of the date of agreement to issue such 
Notes or on the preceding day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets are 
open for business in London, in each case on the basis of the spot rate for the sale of the Euro 
against the purchase of the relevant Specified Currency in the London foreign exchange market 
quoted by any leading bank selected by the Issuer on the relevant date of calculation; and 
(b) 
the Euro equivalent of Zero Coupon Notes (as specified in the applicable Final Terms in relation 
to the relevant Notes, as described under "Form of the Notes") and other Notes issued at a 
discount or premium shall be calculated in the manner specified above by reference to the net 
proceeds received by the Issuer for the relevant issue.

--- Page 94 ---
94 
 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The following parts of the documents identified below which have previously been published and have 
been filed with the Central Bank, shall be incorporated in, and to form part of, this Offering Circular: 
(a) 
the 2021 Annual Report of the BCP Group, including, without limitation, the following audited 
consolidated financial statements, notes, glossary and audit report set out at the following 
pages: 
Glossary 
Income Statements 
Statements of Comprehensive Income 
Balance Sheet 
Page 187 to 189 of the pdf document 
Page 191 of the pdf document 
Page 192 to 193 of the pdf document 
Page 194 of the pdf document 
Statement of Cash Flows 
Page 195 of the pdf document 
Statement of Changes in Equity 
Page 196 of the pdf document 
Notes 
to 
the 
Consolidated 
Financial 
Statements 
Pages 197 to 450 of the pdf document 
External Auditors’ Report 
Pages 686 to 700 of the pdf document 
(b) 
the 2022 Annual Report of the BCP Group, including, without limitation, the following audited 
consolidated financial statements, notes, glossary and audit report set out at the following 
pages3: 
Glossary 
Income Statements 
Statements of Comprehensive Income 
Balance Sheet 
Page 186 to 188 of the pdf document 
Page 190 of the pdf document 
Page 191 to 192 of the pdf document 
Page 193 of the pdf document 
Statement of Cash Flows 
Page 194 of the pdf document 
Statement of Changes in Equity 
Page 195 of the pdf document 
Notes 
to 
the 
Consolidated 
Financial 
Statements 
Pages 196 to 455 of the pdf document 
Extenal Auditors’ Report 
Pages 699 to 713 of the pdf document 
(c) 
the unaudited and un-reviewed earnings press release and earnings presentation of the BCP 
Group, in each case as at, and for the three-month period ended 31 March 2023, including, 
without limitation, the following unaudited and un-reviewed consolidated balance sheet and 
consolidated income statement set out at the following pages of the earnings press release: 
                                                     
3 
The audited financial statements for the financial year ended 31 December 2022 will be subject to the approval of the general 
meeting of shareholders to be held on 24 May 2023.

--- Page 95 ---
95 
 
Income Statement  
Page 22 of the pdf document 
Balance Sheet  
Page 23 of the pdf document 
(d) 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes contained in the previous Offering Circulars dated 21 
November 2003, pages 26-50 (inclusive), 22 November 2004, pages 25-49 (inclusive), 13 
December 2005, pages 37-61 (inclusive), 21 September 2006, pages 38-62 (inclusive), 18 April 
2007, pages 43-71 (inclusive), 30 April 2008, pages 64-93 (inclusive), 28 April 2009, pages 
68-97 (inclusive), 23 April 2010, pages 72-101 (inclusive), 15 June 2011, pages 78-107 
(inclusive), 28 June 2012, pages 91-120 (inclusive), 17 July 2013, pages 97-123 (inclusive), 14 
August 2014, pages 114-143 (inclusive), 23 October 2015, pages 113-142 (inclusive), 16 
February 2017, pages 124-153 (inclusive), 17 November 2017, pages 117-141 (inclusive), 21 
September 2018, pages 111 – 138 (inclusive), 15 May 2019, pages 133-167 (inclusive), 26 May 
2020, pages 116-156 (inclusive), 21 May 2021, pages 123-163 (inclusive) and 20 May 2022, 
pages 121-160 (inclusive) prepared in connection with the Programme. 
Any other information incorporated by reference that is not included in the cross-reference lists in (a), 
(b) and (c) above is considered to be additional information to be disclosed to investors rather than 
information required by the relevant Annexes of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No 2019/980. 
All financial information in this Offering Circular relating to the Bank for the years ended on 31 
December 2021 and 31 December 2022 has been extracted without material adjustment from the audited 
financial statements of the Bank for the financial years then ended. 
The documents incorporated by reference in (a), (b) and (c) above are a direct and accurate translation 
from their original Portuguese form. In the event of a discrepancy the original Portuguese version will 
prevail. 
Documents referred to in (a) and (b) above can be viewed electronically and free of charge at the Bank's 
website, at the following links (respectively): 
https://ind.millenniumbcp.pt/en/Institucional/investidores/Documents/RelatorioContas/2021/versao_E
SEG_000432-2021-12-31_EN.xhtml 
and  
https://ind.millenniumbcp.pt/en/Institucional/investidores/Documents/RelatorioContas/2022/Annual-
report-BCP-2022.pdf 
Documents referred to in (c) above can be viewed electronically and free of charge at the Issuer's 
website, at the following links:  
Press release:  
https://ind.millenniumbcp.pt/en/Institucional/investidores/Documents/Comunicados/2023/20230515_
Earnings_MillenniumBCP_1Q23.pdf  
Earnings presentation: 
https://ind.millenniumbcp.pt/en/Institucional/investidores/Documents/Apresentacao_de_Resultados/2
023/EarningsPres-03M23.pdf

--- Page 96 ---
96 
 
Earlier Offering Circulars published by the Issuer referred to in (d) above can be viewed electronically 
and free of charge at the following links: 
(i) 
Offering Circular dated 21 November 2003: 
http://ind.millenniumbcp.pt/pt/Institucional/investidores/Documents/permanentes/OfferingCir
cularFinal_2003_11_21.pdf; 
(ii) 
Offering Circular dated 22 November 2004: 
http://ind.millenniumbcp.pt/pt/Institucional/investidores/Documents/permanentes/OfferingCir
cularFinal_2004_11_22.pdf; 
(iii) 
Offering Circular dated 13 December 2005: 
https://ind.millenniumbcp.pt/pt/Institucional/investidores/Documents/EuroNote-
DocAnteriores/PB13122005.pdf; 
(iv) 
Offering Circular dated 21 September 2006: 
https://ind.millenniumbcp.pt/pt/Institucional/investidores/Documents/EuroNote-
DocAnteriores/PB21092006.pdf; 
(v) 
Offering Circular dated 18 April 2007: 
https://ind.millenniumbcp.pt/pt/Institucional/investidores/Documents/EuroNote-
DocAnteriores/PB18042007.pdf; 
(vi) 
Offering Circular dated 30 April 2008: 
https://ind.millenniumbcp.pt/pt/Institucional/investidores/Documents/EuroNote-
DocAnteriores/PB30042008.pdf; 
(vii) 
Offering Circular dated 28 April 2009: 
https://ind.millenniumbcp.pt/pt/Institucional/investidores/Documents/EuroNote-
DocAnteriores/PB28042009.pdf; 
(viii) 
Offering Circular dated 23 April 2010: 
https://ind.millenniumbcp.pt/pt/Institucional/investidores/Documents/EuroNote-
DocAnteriores/PB23042010.pdf; 
(ix) 
Offering Circular dated 15 June 2011: 
https://ind.millenniumbcp.pt/pt/Institucional/investidores/Documents/EuroNote-
DocAnteriores/PB15062011.pdf; 
(x) 
Offering Circular dated 28 June 2012: 
https://ind.millenniumbcp.pt/pt/Institucional/investidores/Documents/EuroNote-
DocAnteriores/PB28062012.pdf;

--- Page 97 ---
97 
 
(xi) 
Offering Circular dated 17 July 2013: 
https://ind.millenniumbcp.pt/pt/Institucional/investidores/Documents/EuroNote-
DocAnteriores/PB17072013.pdf; 
(xii) 
Offering Circular dated 14 August 2014: 
https://ind.millenniumbcp.pt/pt/Institucional/investidores/Documents/EuroNote-
DocAnteriores/PB14082014.pdf; 
(xiii) 
Offering Circular dated 23 October 2015: 
https://ind.millenniumbcp.pt/pt/Institucional/investidores/Documents/EuroNote-
DocAnteriores/PB23102015.pdf; 
(xiv) 
Offering Circular dated 16 February 2017: 
https://ind.millenniumbcp.pt/pt/Institucional/investidores/Documents/EuroNote-
DocAnteriores/PB16022017.pdf; 
(xv) 
Offering Circular dated 17 November 2017: 
https://ind.millenniumbcp.pt/pt/Institucional/investidores/Documents/EuroNote-
DocAnteriores/PB17112017.pdf; 
(xvi) 
Offering Circular dated 21 September 2018: 
https://ind.millenniumbcp.pt/pt/Institucional/investidores/Documents/divida/2018/BCP_Upda
te_2018_Offering_Circular.pdf;  
(xvii) Offering Circular dated 15 May 2019: 
https://ind.millenniumbcp.pt/pt/Institucional/investidores/Documents/EuroNote-
DocAnteriores/PB15052019.pdf;  
(xviii) Offering Circular dated 26 May 2020: 
https://ind.millenniumbcp.pt/pt/Institucional/investidores/Documents/divida/2020/BCP-CB-
Prospectus_26052020.pdf;  
(xix) 
Offering Circular dated 21 May 2021: 
https://ind.millenniumbcp.pt/pt/Institucional/investidores/Documents/divida/2021/UKO2-
2002609459_OFFERING-CIRCULAR_2021.pdf; and 
(xx) 
Offering Circular dated 20 May 2022: 
https://ind.millenniumbcp.pt/pt/Institucional/investidores/Documents/divida/2022/UKO2-
2004649395_BCP-EMTN-ProgrammeUpdate2022-OfferingCircular.pdf 
Following the publication of this Offering Circular, a supplement may be prepared by the Issuer and 
approved by the Central Bank in accordance with Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. Statements 
contained in any such supplement (or contained in any document incorporated by reference therein) 
shall to the extent applicable (whether expressly, by implication or otherwise) modify or supersede

--- Page 98 ---
98 
 
statements contained in this Offering Circular or in a document which is incorporated by reference in 
this Offering Circular. Any statement so modified or superseded shall not, except as so modified or 
superseded, constitute a part of this Offering Circular. 
The Bank will, in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy 
relating to information included in this Offering Circular which is capable of affecting the assessment 
of any Notes, prepare a supplement to this Offering Circular or publish a new Offering Circular for use 
in connection with any subsequent issue of Notes. 
Any documents themselves incorporated by reference in the documents incorporated by reference 
herein shall not form part of this Offering Circular. 
The Issuer confirms that any non-incorporated parts of a document referred to herein are either not 
relevant for an investor or are otherwise covered elsewhere in this Offering Circular.

--- Page 99 ---
99 
 
FORM OF THE NOTES 
The Notes are issued in dematerialised book entry form ("forma escritural") and are "nominativas" (i.e., 
Interbolsa, at the Issuer's request, can ask the Affiliated Members information regarding the identity of 
the Noteholders and transmit such information to the Issuer). The Notes are issued in any specified 
denomination provided that in the case of any Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated 
market within the European Economic Area or offered to the public in a Member State of the EEA in 
circumstances which require the publication of a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation, the 
minimum Specified Denomination shall be as indicated in the applicable Final Terms. 
The Notes will be registered by Interbolsa as management entity of Central de Valores Mobiliários. 
The Notes may be held in a manner which would allow Eurosystem eligibility. Any indication that the 
Notes are to be so held does not necessarily mean that the Notes of the relevant Tranche will be 
recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by the 
Eurosystem either upon issue or at any times during their life as such recognition depends upon 
satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria. 
Notes will only be tradable in one Specified Denomination. 
As of the date of this Offering Circular, the Notes may only be issued in Euro, U.S. dollars, Sterling, 
Japanese yen, Swiss francs, Australian dollars and Canadian dollars. 
Each person shown in the individual securities accounts held with an Affiliated Member of Interbolsa 
as having an interest in the Notes shall be considered the holder of the principal amount of Notes 
recorded. One or more certificates in relation to the Notes (each a "Certificate") will be delivered by 
the relevant Affiliated Member of Interbolsa in respect of its registered holding of Notes upon the 
request by the relevant holder of Notes and in accordance with that Affiliated Member's procedures and 
pursuant to Article 78 of the Portuguese Securities Code (Código dos Valores Mobiliários). 
Any holder of Notes will (except as otherwise required by law) be treated as its absolute owner for all 
purposes regardless of the theft or loss of the Certificate issued in respect of it and no person will be 
liable for so treating any holder of Notes. 
If the relevant Final Terms specify TEFRA C as being applicable, the Notes will be issued in compliance 
with U.S. Treasury Regulations Section 1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(C) (or any successor United States Treasury 
regulation section, including without limitation, successor regulations issued in accordance with 
Internal Revenue Service Notice 2012-20 or otherwise in connection with the United States Hiring 
Incentives to Restore Employment Act of 2010) (TEFRA C). 
The Issuer may agree with any Dealer and the Agent that Notes may be issued in a form not 
contemplated by the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, in which event a new Offering Circular or a 
Supplement to the Offering Circular, if appropriate, will be made available which will describe the 
effect of the agreement reached in relation to such Notes.

--- Page 100 ---
100 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
Set out below is the form of Final Terms, which will be completed for each Tranche of Notes issued 
under the Programme with a denomination of less than EUR 100,000 (or its equivalent in another 
currency). 
FINAL TERMS 
[Date] 
Banco Comercial Português, S.A. (the "Issuer") 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): JU1U6S0DG9YLT7N8ZV32 
Issue of [   ] [   ] 
under the EUR25,000,000,000 
Euro Note Programme 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS - The Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and, with effect from such date, should not be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these 
purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point 
(11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II"); (ii) a customer within the 
meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as 
defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the 
Prospectus Regulation (as defined below). Consequently, no key information document required by 
Regulation (EU) No. 1286/2014 (as amended, the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the 
Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may 
be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available 
to any retail investor in the United Kingdom ("UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a 
person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 
No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
("EUWA"); (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or 
regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would 
not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 
600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as 
defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or 
selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared 
and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in 
the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ELIGIBLE 
COUNTERPARTIES ONLY TARGET MARKET - Solely for the purposes of [the/each] 
manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led 
to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and professional

--- Page 101 ---
101 
 
clients only, each as defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II")][MiFID II]; and (ii) 
all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are 
appropriate. [Consider any negative target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target 
market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own 
target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] 
target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ELIGIBLE 
COUNTERPARTIES ONLY TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] 
manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led 
to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, as defined in 
the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook ("COBS"), and professional clients, as defined 
in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("UK MiFIR"); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible 
counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market]. Any 
person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into 
consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the 
FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels.] 
[MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / RETAIL INVESTORS, PROFESSIONAL 
INVESTORS AND ELIGIBLE COUNTERPARTIES TARGET MARKET – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect 
of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties, 
professional clients and retail clients, each as defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID 
II")][MiFID II]; EITHER [and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate, including 
investment advice, portfolio management, non-advised sales and pure execution services] OR [(ii) all 
channels for distribution to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate; and (iii) the 
following channels for distribution of the Notes to retail clients are appropriate - investment advice[,/ 
and] portfolio management[,/ and][ non-advised sales ][and pure execution services][, subject to the 
distributor's suitability and appropriateness obligations under MiFID II, as applicable]]. [Consider any 
negative target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a 
"distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; 
however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels[, subject to the distributor's suitability 
and appropriateness obligations under MiFID II, as applicable].] 
[UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / RETAIL INVESTORS, PROFESSIONAL 
INVESTORS AND ELIGIBLE COUNTER PARTIES TARGET MARKET – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect 
of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is retail clients, as defined 
in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of 
the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA), and eligible counterparties, as defined in the 
FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (COBS), and professional clients, as defined in 
Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (UK MiFIR); 
EITHER [and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate, including investment 
advice, portfolio management, non-advised sales and pure execution services] OR [(ii) all channels for 
distribution to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate; and (iii)  the following 
channels for distribution of the Notes to retail clients are appropriate - investment advice[,/ and]

--- Page 102 ---
102 
 
portfolio management[,/ and][ non-advised sales ][and pure execution services][, subject to the 
distributor’s suitability and appropriateness obligations under COBS, as applicable]]. [Consider any 
negative target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a 
distributor) should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, 
a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook 
(the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules) is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels[, subject to the distributor’s suitability 
and appropriateness obligations under COBS, as applicable].]] 
[SINGAPORE SFA PRODUCT CLASSIFICATION: In connection with Section 309B of the 
Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore (as modified or amended from time to time, the SFA) and 
the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore (the CMP 
Regulations 2018), the Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined in 
Section 309A(1) of the SFA), that the Notes are [prescribed capital markets products][capital markets 
products other than prescribed capital markets products] (as defined in the CMP Regulations 2018) and 
[are] [Excluded][Specified] Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on 
the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on 
Investment Products.]4 
[Any person making or intending to make an offer of the Notes may only do so[: 
(a) 
in those Public Offer Jurisdictions mentioned in Paragraph 8 of Part B below, provided such 
person is of a kind specified in that paragraph, a Dealer, Manager or an Authorised Offeror (as 
such term is defined in the Offering Circular (as defined below)) and that the offer is made 
during the Offer Period specified in that paragraph and that any conditions relevant to the use 
of the Offering Circular are complied with; or 
(b) 
otherwise] in circumstances in which no obligation arises for the Issuer or any Dealer to publish 
a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or to supplement a prospectus 
pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation, in each case, in relation to such offer. 
Neither the Issuer nor any Dealer has authorised, nor do they authorise, the making of any offer of Notes 
in any other circumstances.]5 
                                                     
4 For any Notes to be offered to Singapore investors, the Issuer to consider whether it needs to re-classify the Notes pursuant to Section 
309B of the SFA prior to the launch of the offer. 
5  
To be deleted in respect of the issue of Notes which are not admitted to trading on a regulated market under MiFIID II or having a 
maturity of less than 365 days as a commercial paper under the Programme and all language relating to compliance with the 
Prospectus Regulation hereunder shall be removed in such instances.

--- Page 103 ---
103 
 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the terms and conditions 
(the "Conditions") set forth in the Offering Circular dated 19 May 2023 [and the supplement[s] to it 
dated [   ] [and [   ]], which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus 
Regulation (the "Offering Circular"). This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes 
described herein for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with 
the Offering Circular in order to obtain all the relevant information. A summary of the Notes is annexed 
to these Final Terms. The Offering Circular has been published on the Issuer's website 
(www.millenniumbcp.pt) and on the website of the Irish Stock Exchange plc, trading as Euronext 
Dublin ("Euronext Dublin") (https://live.euronext.com/).]6 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the terms and conditions 
(the "Conditions") set forth in the Offering Circular dated [21 November 2003/22 November 2004/13 
December 2005/21 September 2006/18 April 2007/30 April 2008/28 April 2009/23 April 2010/15 June 
2011/28 June 2012/17 July 2013/14 August 2014/23 October 2015/16 February 2017/17 November 
2017/21 September 2018/15 May 2019/26 May 2020/21 May 2021/20 May 2022] which are 
incorporated by reference in the Offering Circular dated 19 May 2023. This document constitutes the 
Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and must be 
read in conjunction with the Offering Circular dated 19 May 2023 [and the supplement[s] to it dated 
[   ] [and [   ]], which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus 
Regulation (the "Offering Circular"), including the Conditions incorporated by reference in the 
Offering Circular, in order to obtain all the relevant information. A summary of the Notes is annexed 
to these Final Terms. The Offering Circular has been published on the Issuer's website 
(www.millenniumbcp.pt) and on the website of the Irish Stock Exchange plc, trading as Euronext 
Dublin ("Euronext Dublin") (https://live.euronext.com/).]7 
[When used in these Final Terms, "Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as 
amended.]8 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the terms and conditions 
(the "Conditions") set forth in the Offering Circular dated 19 May 2023 [and the supplement[s] to it 
dated [   ] [and [   ]] ([together,] the "Offering Circular"). This document constitutes the Final Terms 
of the Notes described herein and must be read in conjunction with the Offering Circular in order to 
obtain all the relevant information. The Offering Circular has been published on the Issuer's website 
(www.millenniumbcp.pt).]9 
[This document constitutes the Final Terms for the Notes described herein for the purposes of the listing 
and admission to trading rules of the Irish Stock Exchange plc, trading as Euronext Dublin ("Euronext 
Dublin") (the "Listing Rules"). This document must be read in conjunction with the Listing Particulars 
dated 19 May 2023 [as supplemented by the supplement[s] to the Listing Particulars dated [   ]] (the 
"Listing Particulars"), which [together] constitute[s] the listing particulars for the purposes of the 
Listing Rules. Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes is only available on the basis of 
the combination of this Final Terms and the Listing Particulars. The Listing Particulars have been 
published on the Issuer's website (www.millenniumbcp.pt) and on the website of the Irish Stock 
Exchange plc, trading as Euronext Dublin ("Euronext Dublin") (https://live.euronext.com/).]10 
                                                     
6  
To be deleted in respect of the issue of Notes which are not admitted to trading on a regulated market under MiFIID II, nor the subject 
of a non-exempt public offer or having a maturity of less than 365 days as a commercial paper under the Programme. 
7 
To be deleted in respect of the issue of Notes which are not admitted to trading on a regulated market under MiFIID II, not the subject 
of a non-exempt public offer or having a maturity of less than 365 days as a commercial paper under the Programme. 
8 
To be deleted in respect of the issue of Notes which are not admitted to trading on a regulated market under MiFIID II, nor the subject 
of a non-exempt public offer or having a maturity of less than 365 days as a commercial paper under the Programme.  
9 
To be included in respect of the issue of Notes which are not admitted to trading on a regulated market under MiFIID II and not the 
subject of a non-exempt public offer.  
10 
To be included in respect of the issue of Notes having a maturity of less than 365 days as a commercial paper under the Programme.

--- Page 104 ---
104 
 
1. 
Issuer: 
Banco Comercial Português, S.A. 
2. 
(a) 
Series Number: 
[   ] 
(a) 
Tranche Number: 
[   ] 
(b) 
Date on which the Notes will be 
consolidated and form a single 
Series: 
The Notes will be consolidated and form a single 
Series with [   ] on [the Issue Date]/[Not 
Applicable] 
3. 
Specified Currency: 
[   ] 
4. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount 
 
(a) 
Tranche: 
[   ] 
(b) 
Series: 
[   ] 
5. 
Issue Price of Tranche: 
[   ]% of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [plus 
accrued interest from [   ] (if applicable)] 
6. 
(a) 
Specified Denomination(s): 
[   ]  
(b) 
Calculation Amount: 
[   ] 
7. 
(a) 
Issue Date: 
[   ] 
(b) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[[   ]/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
8. 
Maturity Date: 
[[   ]/ Interest Payment Date falling in or nearest 
to [   ]] 
9. 
Interest Basis: 
[[   ]% Fixed Rate] 
[Reset Rate] 
[[   ] month EURIBOR +/- [   ]% Floating Rate] 
[Zero Coupon] 
(further particulars specified in [16/17/18/19] 
below) 
10. 
Redemption Basis: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Notes will be redeemed on the 
Maturity Date at [   ]% of their nominal amount 
11. 
Change of Interest Basis: 
[   ] [Not Applicable] 
(further particulars specified in 16 and 18 below) 
12. 
Put/Call Options: 
[Investor Put] 
 
[Issuer Call] 
[Issuer Call, subject to the Relevant Authority's 
prior permission (as set out in Condition 6(m) 
below)]

--- Page 105 ---
105 
 
[Clean-up Call] 
 
[(further particulars specified in [23/25] below)] 
 
[Not Applicable] 
13. 
(a) 
Status of the Notes: 
[Senior/Subordinated/Senior Non-Preferred] 
(b) 
Date of [Board] approval: 
[   ] [Not Applicable] 
14. 
Senior Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(a) 
Condition 2(a) ("In the case of 
Senior Notes") 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(b) 
Condition 3 ("Negative Pledge") [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(c) 
Condition 6(g) ("Redemption of 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes and 
certain Senior Notes due to an 
MREL Disqualification Event") 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
If Applicable: 
[MREL Disqualification Event – Full 
Exclusion/MREL Disqualification Event – Full 
or Partial Exclusion] 
(d) 
Condition 
6(m) 
("Further 
Provisions 
Applicable 
to 
Redemption and Purchases of 
Subordinated 
Notes, 
Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes and Senior 
Preferred Notes") 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(e) 
Condition 6(o) ("Substitution 
and Variation of Senior Non-
Preferred Notes and Senior 
Notes") 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(f) 
Condition 7(b) ("Taxation –
Obligation to pay additional 
amounts limited to payments of 
interest") 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(g) 
Condition 9(a) ("Events of 
Default relating to certain 
Senior Notes") 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(h) 
Condition 9(b) ("Events of 
Default 
and 
Enforcement 
relating to Subordinated Notes, 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes and 
certain Senior Notes") 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
15. 
Senior Non-Preferred Note 
Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(a) 
Condition 6(o) ("Substitution 
and Variation of Senior Non-
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 106 ---
106 
 
Preferred Notes and Senior 
Notes") 
(b) 
Condition 7(b) ("Taxation – 
Obligation to pay additional 
amounts limited to payments of 
interest") 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
16. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(a) 
Rate(s) of Interest: 
[   ]% per annum payable in arrear on each 
Interest Payment Date 
(b) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[   ] in each year up to and including the Maturity 
Date 
(c) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)] [30/360] 
(d) 
Determination Date(s): 
[[   ] in each year]/[Not Applicable] 
17. 
Reset Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(a) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[ ] in each year up to and including the Maturity 
Date 
(b) 
Initial Rate of Interest 
[ ] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on each 
Interest Payment Date 
(c) 
First Margin 
[[+/-][ ] per cent. per annum]/[Not Applicable] 
(d) 
Subsequent Margin:  
[+/-][ ] per cent. per annum /[Not Applicable] 
(e) 
First Reset Date 
[ ] 
(f) 
Second Reset Date: 
[ ]/[Not Applicable] 
(g) 
Subsequent Reset Date(s): 
[ ]/[Not Applicable] 
(h) 
Relevant Screen Page:  
[ ] 
(i) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)][30/360] 
(j) 
Determination Date(s):  
[[ ] in each year]/[Not Applicable] 
(k) 
Mid-Swap Rate:  
[Single Mid-Swap Rate]/[Mean Mid-Swap Rate] 
(l) 
Mid-Swap Maturity:  
[ ] 
(m) 
Calculation Agent:  
[ ] 
(n) 
Fixed Leg Swap Duration 
[ ]

--- Page 107 ---
107 
 
(o) 
Mid-Swap 
Floating 
Leg 
Benchmark Rate:  
[ ] 
(p) 
Business Centre(s): 
[   ] 
18. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(a) 
Specified 
Period(s)/Specified 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[   ] 
(b) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business 
Day Convention/Modified Following Business 
Day 
Convention/Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention] [Not Applicable] 
(c) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/[   ]] 
(d) 
Party responsible for calculating 
the Rate of Interest and Interest 
Amount (if not the Agent): 
[Not Applicable/[   ]] 
(e) 
Screen Rate Determination 
 
(i) 
Reference Rate: 
Reference Rate: [   ] month EURIBOR  
(ii) 
Interest Determination 
Date(s): 
[Second day on which T2 is open prior to the start 
of each Interest Period] 
[   ] 
(iii) 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[Reuters Screen Page EURIBOR01 (or any 
successor page)] [       ] 
(f) 
Linear Interpolation: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable - the rate of interest 
for the [long/short] [first/last] Interest Period 
shall be calculated using Linear Interpolation 
(specify for each short or long interest period)]  
(g) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-][   ]% per annum 
(h) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[[   ]% per annum/Not Applicable] 
(i) 
Maximum Rate of Interest11: 
[[   ]% per annum/Not Applicable] 
(j) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)] 
[Actual/Actual] 
 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
 
[Actual/360] 
 
[30/360] 
 
[30E/360] 
                                                     
11  If no minimum interest rate is specified or if the minimum interest rate is specified as Not Applicable, then the minimum interest rate 
shall be zero.

--- Page 108 ---
108 
 
 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
19. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(a) 
Accrual Yield: 
[   ]% per annum 
(b) 
Reference Price: 
[   ] 
(c) 
Day Count Fraction in relation 
to Early Redemption Amounts: 
[30/360] 
[Actual/360] 
[Actual/365] 
 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
20. 
Condition 6(b) ("Redemption for Tax 
Reasons") 
[Applicable/ Applicable subject to the Relevant 
Authority's prior permission (as set out in 
Condition 6(m))/Not Applicable] 
Notice periods: 
Minimum period: [30] days 
Maximum period: [60] days 
21. 
Notice periods for Condition 6(c) 
("Redemption upon the occurrence of a 
Capital Event"): 
Minimum period: [30] days 
Maximum period: [60] days  
22. 
Notice periods for Condition 6(g) 
("Redemption of Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes and certain Senior Notes due to an 
MREL Disqualification Event") 
Minimum period: [30] days 
Maximum period: [60] days 
23. 
Issuer Call 
[Applicable/Applicable subject to the Relevant 
Authority's prior permission (as set out in 
Condition 6(m))/Not Applicable] 
(a) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[   ] 
(b) 
Optional Redemption Amount: 
[   ] per Calculation Amount 
(c) 
If redeemable in part: 
 
(i) 
Minimum Redemption 
Amount: 
[   ] 
(ii) 
Higher 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[   ] 
(iii) 
Notice periods: 
Minimum period: [15] days 
Maximum period: [30] days

--- Page 109 ---
109 
 
24. 
Clean-up Call Option 
(a) 
Clean-up 
Call 
Minimum 
 
Percentage: 
(b) 
Clean-up Call Option Amount: 
(c) 
Notice Periods: 
 
 [(d) 
Clean-up Call Effective Date: 
25. 
Investor Put 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[As per the Conditions/specify] 
[   ] per Calculation Amount 
[Minimum period: [30] days] 
[Maximum period: [60] days] 
[   ]] 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(a) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[   ] 
(b) 
Optional Redemption Amount: 
[   ] per Calculation Amount 
(c) 
Notice periods: 
Minimum period: [30] days 
Maximum period: [60] days 
26. 
Final Redemption Amount of each Note: [   ] per Calculation Amount 
27. 
Early Redemption Amount payable on 
redemption for taxation reasons, upon a 
Capital 
Event 
(in 
the 
case 
of 
Subordinated Notes), upon an MREL 
Disqualification 
Event 
(where 
applicable) or on event of default: 
[   ] per Calculation Amount 
(N.B. If the Final Redemption Amount is 100% of 
the nominal value (i.e. par), the Early 
Redemption Amount is likely to be par (but 
consider). If, however, the Final Redemption 
Amount is other than 100% of the nominal value, 
consideration should be given as to what the 
Early Redemption Amount should be.) 
28. 
Substitution and Variation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(a) 
Notice periods for Condition 
6(n) 
("Substitution 
and 
Variation 
of 
Subordinated 
Notes"): 
[Minimum period: [30] days] 
[Maximum period: [60] days] 
[Not Applicable] 
(b) 
Notice periods for Condition 
6(o) 
("Substitution 
and 
Variation 
of 
Senior 
Non-
Preferred Notes and Senior 
Notes"): 
[Minimum period: [30] days] 
[Maximum period: [60] days] 
[Not Applicable]

--- Page 110 ---
110 
 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
29. 
Form of Notes 
 
Form: 
Book Entry Notes: nominativas 
30. 
Additional Financial Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/[   ]] 
 
Signed on behalf of the Issuer: 
 
By:  
 
 
Duly authorised

--- Page 111 ---
111 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
 
1. 
Listing and Admission to Trading 
[Application [has been/will be] made by the 
Issuer (or on its behalf) for the Notes to be 
admitted to the Official List and trading on the 
Euronext Dublin Regulated Market with effect 
from [   ].] [Application [has been/will be] made 
by the Issuer (or on its behalf) for the Notes to be 
admitted to trading on the [Euronext Lisbon’s 
regulated market] with effect from [   ].] [Not 
Applicable] 
 
2. 
Ratings 
[The Notes have not been specifically rated.] 
[The following ratings reflect ratings assigned to 
the Notes of this type issued under the 
Programme generally: 
[[   ] by Moody's] 
[[   ] by S&P] 
[[   ] by Fitch] 
[[   ] by DBRS]] 
[The Notes to be issued [have been/are expected 
to be] rated: 
[   ] by [Moody's/S&P/Fitch/DBRS]] 
[Moody's/S&P/Fitch/DBRS] is established in the 
[European Union/United Kingdom] and is 
registered under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 
(as amended)[ as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 
2018] (the “[UK ]CRA Regulation”).]] (Repeat 
as necessary and amend depending on status of 
relevant rating agency.) 
[Need to include a brief explanation of the 
meaning of the ratings if this has previously been 
published by the rating provider.] 
3. 
Interests of natural and legal persons 
involved in the issue 
Save 
for 
any 
fees 
payable 
to 
the 
[Managers/Dealers], so far as the Issuer is aware, 
no person involved in the issue of the Notes has 
an interest material to the issue. [Certain 
[Managers/Dealers] and their affiliates have 
engaged, and may in the future engage, in 
investment banking and or commercial banking 
transactions with, and may perform other

--- Page 112 ---
112 
 
services for, the Issuer and its affiliates in the 
ordinary course of business.] [   ] 
4. 
Reasons for the Offer, Estimated Net Proceeds and Total Expenses 
(a) 
Reasons for the offer: 
[Give details] 
[General Corporate Purposes – see the first 
paragraph of "Use of Proceeds" wording in 
Offering Circular]  
[ESG Notes – [An amount equal to the net 
proceeds from the issue of the Notes is intended 
to be used for the purposes of the finance and/or 
refinance, in whole or in part of Eligible Green 
Assets.]  
or 
[An amount equal to the net proceeds from the 
issue of the Notes is intended to be used for the 
purposes of the finance and/or refinance, in 
whole or in part of Eligible Social Assets.] or 
[An amount equal to the net proceeds from the 
issue of the Notes is intended to be used for the 
purposes of the finance and/or refinance, in 
whole or in part of Eligible Green and Social 
Assets.] 
(b) 
[Estimated net proceeds: 
[   ]] 
(If proceeds are intended for more than one use 
will need to split out and present in order of 
priority. If proceeds insufficient to fund all 
proposed uses state amount and sources of other 
funding.) 
(c) 
[Estimated total expenses: 
[   ]]  
(If expenses are intended for more than one use 
will need to split out and present in order of 
priority.) 
5. 
Indication of yield (Fixed Rate Notes 
only) 
[[   ] [Not Applicable] 
6. 
Historic and future Interest Rates 
(Floating Rate Notes only) 
[Details of historic and future EURIBOR rates 
can be obtained from [Reuters] [   ].] [Not 
Applicable] 
7. 
Operational Information 
 
(a) 
ISIN: 
[   ]

--- Page 113 ---
113 
 
(b) 
Common Code: 
[   ] 
(c) 
CFI: 
 
 
 
(d) 
FISN: 
 
 
 
(e) 
Delivery: 
[[See/[[include code], as updated, as set out on] 
the website of the Association of National 
Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively 
sourced 
from 
the 
responsible 
National 
Numbering Agency that assigned the ISIN/Not 
Applicable/Not Available] 
[[See/[[include code], as updated, as set out on] 
the website of the Association of National 
Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively 
sourced 
from 
the 
responsible 
National 
Numbering Agency that assigned the ISIN/Not 
Applicable/Not Available] 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
(f) 
Intended to be held in a manner 
which would allow Eurosystem 
eligibility: 
[Yes. Note that the designation "yes" simply 
means that the Notes are intended upon issue to 
be registered with Interbolsa – Sociedade Gestora 
de Sistemas de Liquidação e de Sistemas 
Centralizados de Valores Mobiliários, S.A. in its 
capacity of securities settlement system and does 
not necessarily mean that the Notes will be 
recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra-day credit operations 
by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or 
all times during their life. Such recognition will 
depend upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria] 
[No] 
8. 
Distribution 
 
(a) 
If 
syndicated, 
names 
and 
addresses of Managers and 
underwriting 
commitments/ 
quotas (material features): 
[Not Applicable/[   ]] 
 
(b) 
Date 
of 
[Subscription] 
Agreement: 
[   ] 
(c) 
Stabilisation 
Manager(s) 
(if 
any): 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
(d) 
If non-syndicated, name and 
address of relevant Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/[   ]] 
(e) 
Total 
commission 
and 
concession: 
[   ]% of the Aggregate Nominal Amount

--- Page 114 ---
114 
 
(f) 
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
[Reg. S Compliance Category 2] [TEFRA C] 
[TEFRA rules not applicable] 
(g) 
Public Offer where there is no 
exemption from the obligation 
under the Prospectus Regulation 
to publish a prospectus: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] (if not applicable, 
delete the remaining placeholders of this 
paragraph (g) and also paragraph 9 below). 
(i) 
Public Offer 
Jurisdictions: 
[Portugal] [Ireland]  
(ii) 
Offer Period: 
[Specify date] until [specify date or a formula 
such as "the Issue Date" or "the date which falls 
[   ] Business Days thereafter"] 
(iii) 
Financial 
intermediaries granted 
specific consent to use 
the 
prospectus 
in 
accordance with the 
Conditions in it: 
[Insert names and addresses of financial 
intermediaries 
receiving 
consent 
(specific 
consent)] [Not Applicable] 
(iv) 
General Consent: 
[Not Applicable][Applicable] 
(v) 
Other 
Authorised 
Offeror Terms: 
[Not Applicable][Add here any other Authorised 
Offeror Terms] 
(Authorised Offeror Terms should only be 
included here where General Consent is 
applicable) 
(h) 
General Consent: 
[Not Applicable][Applicable] 
(i) 
Other conditions to consent: 
[Not Applicable][   ] 
(j) 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA 
Retail Investors: 
 
 
 
(k) 
Prohibition of Sales to UK 
Retail Investors: 
 
 
 
[Not Applicable][Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute "packaged 
products" or the Notes do constitute "packaged" 
products and a key information document will be 
prepared in the EEA, "Not Applicable" should be 
specified. If the Notes may constitute "packaged 
products" and no key information document will 
be prepared in the EEA, "Applicable" should be 
specified.) 
[Not Applicable][Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute "packaged 
products" or the Notes do constitute "packaged" 
products and a key information document will be 
prepared in the UK, "Not Applicable" should be 
specified. If the Notes may constitute "packaged

--- Page 115 ---
115 
 
(l) 
Prohibition of Sales to Belgian 
Consumers: 
products" and no key information document will 
be prepared in the UK, "Applicable" should be 
specified.) 
[Not Applicable][Applicable] 
9. 
Terms and Conditions of the Offer 
 
 
 
Offer Price: 
[Issue Price/Not Applicable/[   ]] 
[Conditions to which the offer is 
subject:] 
[Not Applicable/[   ]] 
[Description of the application process:] 
[Not Applicable/[   ]] 
[Details 
of 
the 
minimum 
and/or 
maximum amount of application:] 
[Not Applicable/[   ]] 
[Description of possibility to reduce 
subscriptions and manner for refunding 
excess amount paid by applicants:] 
[Not Applicable/[   ]] 
[Details of the method and time limits 
for paying up and delivering the Notes:] 
[Not Applicable/[   ]] 
[Manner in and date on which results of 
the offer are to be made public:] 
[Not Applicable/[   ]] 
[Procedure for exercise of any right of 
pre-emption, 
negotiability 
of 
subscription rights and treatment of 
subscription rights not exercised:] 
[Not Applicable/[   ]] 
[Whether tranche(s) have been reserved 
for certain countries:] 
[Not Applicable/[   ]] 
[Process for notification to applicants of 
the amount allotted and the indication 
whether dealing may begin before 
notification is made:] 
[Not Applicable/[   ]] 
[Amount of any expenses and taxes 
specifically charged to the subscriber or 
purchaser:] 
[Not Applicable/[   ]] 
[Name(s) and address(es), to the extent 
known to the Issuer, of the placers in the 
various countries where the offer takes 
place.] 
[None] [The Authorised Offerors identified in 
paragraph 8 above and identifiable from the 
Offering Circular/[   ].] 
10. 
Third Party Information

--- Page 116 ---
116 
 
[[   ] has been extracted from [   ]. The Issuer confirms that such information has been 
accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware and is able to ascertain from information 
published by [   ], no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information 
inaccurate or misleading.]

--- Page 117 ---
117 
 
ANNEX 
SUMMARY OF THE NOTES 
[    ]

--- Page 118 ---
118 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
Set out below is the form of Final Terms, which will be completed for each Tranche of Notes issued 
under the Programme with a denomination of at least EUR 100,000 (or its equivalent in another 
currency). 
FINAL TERMS 
[Date] 
Banco Comercial Português, S.A. (the "Issuer") 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): JU1U6S0DG9YLT7N8ZV32 
Issue of [   ] [   ] 
under the EUR25,000,000,000 
Euro Note Programme 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS - The Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and, with effect from such date,  should not be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For 
these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in 
point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II"); or (ii) a customer within 
the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client 
as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. Consequently no key information document 
required by Regulation (EU) No. 1286/2014 (as amended, the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or 
selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared 
and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in 
the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available 
to any retail investor in the United Kingdom ("UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a 
person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 
No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
("EUWA"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or 
regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would 
not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 
600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information 
document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs 
Regulation.] 
[MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ELIGIBLE 
COUNTERPARTIES ONLY TARGET MARKET - Solely for the purposes of [the/each] 
manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led 
to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and professional 
clients only, each as defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II")][MiFID II]; and (ii) 
all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are

--- Page 119 ---
119 
 
appropriate. [Consider any negative target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target 
market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own 
target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] 
target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ELIGIBLE 
COUNTERPARTIES ONLY TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] 
manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led 
to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, as defined in 
the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook ("COBS"), and professional clients, as defined 
in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("UK MiFIR"); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible 
counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market]. Any 
person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into 
consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the 
FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels.] 
[MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / RETAIL INVESTORS, PROFESSIONAL 
INVESTORS AND ELIGIBLE COUNTERPARTIES TARGET MARKET – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect 
of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties, 
professional clients and retail clients, each as defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID 
II")][MiFID II]; EITHER [and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate, including 
investment advice, portfolio management, non-advised sales and pure execution services] OR [(ii) all 
channels for distribution to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate; and (iii) the 
following channels for distribution of the Notes to retail clients are appropriate - investment advice[,/ 
and] portfolio management[,/ and][ non-advised sales ][and pure execution services][, subject to the 
distributor's suitability and appropriateness obligations under MiFID II, as applicable]]. [Consider any 
negative target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a 
"distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; 
however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels[, subject to the distributor's suitability 
and appropriateness obligations under MiFID II, as applicable].] 
[UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / RETAIL INVESTORS, PROFESSIONAL 
INVESTORS AND ELIGIBLE COUNTER PARTIES TARGET MARKET – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect 
of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is retail clients, as defined 
in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of 
the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA), and eligible counterparties, as defined in the 
FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (COBS), and professional clients, as defined in 
Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (UK MiFIR); 
EITHER [and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate, including investment 
advice, portfolio management, non-advised sales and pure execution services] OR [(ii) all channels for 
distribution to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate; and (iii)  the following 
channels for distribution of the Notes to retail clients are appropriate - investment advice[,/ and] 
portfolio management[,/ and][ non-advised sales ][and pure execution services][, subject to the 
distributor’s suitability and appropriateness obligations under COBS, as applicable]]. [Consider any

--- Page 120 ---
120 
 
negative target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a 
distributor) should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, 
a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook 
(the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules) is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels[, subject to the distributor’s suitability 
and appropriateness obligations under COBS, as applicable].]] 
[SINGAPORE SFA PRODUCT CLASSIFICATION: In connection with Section 309B of the 
Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore (as modified or amended from time to time, the SFA) and 
the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore (the CMP 
Regulations 2018), the Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined in 
Section 309A(1) of the SFA), that the Notes are [prescribed capital markets products][capital markets 
products other than prescribed capital markets products] (as defined in the CMP Regulations 2018) and 
[are] [Excluded][Specified] Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on 
the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on 
Investment Products.]12 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the terms and conditions 
(the "Conditions") set forth in the Offering Circular dated 19 May 2023 [and the supplement[s] to it 
dated [   ] [and [   ]], which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus 
Regulation (the "Offering Circular"). This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes 
described herein for the purposes of Article 5.4 of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in 
conjunction with the Offering Circular in order to obtain all the relevant information. The Offering 
Circular has been published on the Issuer's website (www.millenniumbcp.pt) and on the website of the 
Irish 
Stock 
Exchange 
plc, 
trading 
as 
Euronext 
Dublin 
("Euronext 
Dublin") 
(https://live.euronext.com/).]13 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the terms and conditions 
(the "Conditions") set forth in the Offering Circular dated [21 November 2003/22 November 2004/13 
December 2005/21 September 2006/18 April 2007/30 April 2008/28 April 2009/23 April 2010/15 June 
2011/28 June 2012/17 July 2013/14 August 2014/23 October 2015/16 February 2017/17 November 
2017/21 September 2018/15 May 2019/26 May 2020/21 May 2021/20 May 2022] which are 
incorporated by reference in the Offering Circular dated 19 May 2023. This document constitutes the 
Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and must be 
read in conjunction with the Offering Circular dated 19 May 2023 [and the supplement[s] to it dated 
[   ] [and [   ]], which [together] constitute[s] a Offering Circular for the purposes of the Prospectus 
Regulation (the "Offering Circular"), including the Conditions incorporated by reference in the 
Offering Circular, in order to obtain all the relevant information. The Offering Circular has been 
published on the Issuer's website (www.millenniumbcp.pt) and on the website of the Irish Stock 
Exchange plc, trading as Euronext Dublin ("Euronext Dublin") (https://live.euronext.com/).]14 
[When used in these Final Terms, "Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as 
amended.]15 
                                                     
12 For any Notes to be offered to Singapore investors, the Issuer to consider whether it needs to re-classify the Notes pursuant to Section 
309B of the SFA prior to the launch of the offer. 
13  To be deleted in respect of the issue of Notes which are not admitted to trading on a regulated market under MiFIID II or having a 
maturity of less than 365 days as commercial paper under the Programme. 
14 
To be deleted in respect of the issue of Notes which are not admitted to trading on a regulated market under MiFIID II or having a 
maturity of less than 365 days as commercial paper under the Programme.  
15 
To be deleted in respect of the issue of Notes which are not admitted to trading on a regulated market under MiFIID II or having a 
maturity of less than 365 days as commercial paper under the Programme.

--- Page 121 ---
121 
 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the terms and conditions 
(the "Conditions") set forth in the Offering Circular dated 19 May 2023 [and the supplement[s] to it 
dated [   ] [and [   ]] ([together,] the "Offering Circular"). This document constitutes the Final Terms 
of the Notes described herein and must be read in conjunction with the Offering Circular in order to 
obtain all the relevant information. The Offering Circular has been published on the Issuer's website 
(www.millenniumbcp.pt).]16 
[This document constitutes the Final Terms for the Notes described herein for the purposes of the listing 
and admission to trading rules of the Irish Stock Exchange plc, trading as Euronext Dublin ("Euronext 
Dublin") (the "Listing Rules"). This document must be read in conjunction with the Listing Particulars 
dated 19 May 2023 [as supplemented by the supplement[s] to the Listing Particulars dated [   ]] (the 
"Listing Particulars"), which [together] constitute[s] the listing particulars for the purposes of the 
Listing Rules. Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes is only available on the basis of 
the combination of this Final Terms and the Listing Particulars. The Listing Particulars have been 
published on the Issuer's website (www.millenniumbcp.pt) and on the website of the Irish Stock 
Exchange plc, trading as Euronext Dublin (https://live.euronext.com/).]17 
When used in these Final Terms, "Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as 
amended. 
1. 
Issuer: 
Banco Comercial Português, S.A. 
2. 
(a) 
Series Number: 
[   ] 
(b) 
Tranche Number: 
[   ] 
(c) 
Date on which the Notes will be 
consolidated and form a single 
Series: 
The Notes will be consolidated and form a single 
Series with [   ] on [the Issue Date]/[Not 
Applicable] 
3. 
Specified Currency: 
[   ] 
4. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount 
 
(a) 
Tranche: 
[   ] 
(b) 
Series: 
[   ] 
5. 
Issue Price of Tranche: 
[   ]% of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [plus 
accrued interest from [   ] (if applicable)] 
6. 
(a) 
Specified Denomination(s): 
[   ]  
(b) 
Calculation Amount: 
[   ] 
7. 
(a) 
Issue Date: 
[   ] 
(b) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[[   ]/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
8. 
Maturity Date: 
[[   ]/ Interest Payment Date falling in or nearest 
to [   ]] 
                                                     
16 
To be included in respect of the issue of Notes which are not admitted to trading on a regulated market under MiFIID II.  
17 
To be included in respect of the issue of Notes having a maturity of less than 365 days as commercial paper under the Programme.

--- Page 122 ---
122 
 
9. 
Interest Basis: 
[[   ]% Fixed Rate] 
[Reset Rate] 
[[   ] month EURIBOR +/- [   ]% Floating Rate] 
[Zero Coupon] 
(further particulars specified in [16/17/18/19] 
below) 
10. 
Redemption Basis: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Notes will be redeemed on the 
Maturity Date at [   ]% of their nominal amount 
11. 
Change of Interest Basis: 
[   ] [Not Applicable] 
(further particulars specified in 16 and 18 
below) 
12. 
Put/Call Options: 
[Investor Put] 
 
[Issuer Call] 
 
[Issuer Call, subject to the Relevant Authority's 
prior permission (as set out in Condition6(m) 
below)] 
[Clean-up Call] 
 
[(further particulars specified in [23/25] below)] 
 
[Not Applicable] 
13. 
(a) 
Status of the Notes: 
[Senior/Subordinated/Senior Non-Preferred] 
(b) 
Date of [Board] approval: 
[   ] [Not Applicable] 
14. 
Senior Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(a) 
Condition 2(a) ("Senior Notes 
Waiver of Set Off") 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(b) 
Condition 3 ("Negative Pledge") [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(c) 
Condition 6(g) ("Redemption of 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes and 
certain Senior Notes due to an 
MREL Disqualification Event") 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
If Applicable: 
[MREL 
Disqualification 
Event 
– 
Full 
Exclusion/MREL Disqualification Event – Full 
or Partial Exclusion] 
(d) 
Condition 
6(m) 
("Further 
Provisions 
Applicable 
to 
Redemption and Purchases of 
Subordinated 
Notes, 
Senior 
Non-Preferred 
Notes 
and  
Senior Preferred Notes") 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(e) 
Condition 6(o) ("Substitution 
and Variation of Senior Non-
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 123 ---
123 
 
Preferred Notes and Senior 
Notes") 
(f) 
Condition 7(b) ("Taxation – 
Obligation to pay additional 
amounts limited to payments of 
interest") 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(g) 
Condition 9(a) ("Events of 
Default relating to certain 
Senior Notes") 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(h) 
Condition 9(b) ("Events of 
Default 
and 
Enforcement 
relating to Subordinated Notes, 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes and 
certain Senior Notes") 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
15. 
Senior Non-Preferred Note Provisions [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(a) 
Condition 6(o) ("Substitution 
and Variation of Senior Non-
Preferred Notes and Senior 
Notes") 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(b) 
Condition 7(b) ("Taxation – 
Obligation to pay additional 
amounts limited to payments of 
interest") 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
16. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(a) 
Rate(s) of Interest: 
[   ]% per annum payable in arrear on each 
Interest Payment Date 
(b) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[   ] in each year up to and including the Maturity 
Date 
(c) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)] [30/360] 
(d) 
Determination Date(s): 
[[   ] in each year]/[Not Applicable] 
17. 
Reset Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(a) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[ ] in each year up to and including the Maturity 
Date 
(b) 
Initial Rate of Interest 
[ ] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on each 
Interest Payment Date 
(c) 
First Margin 
[[+/-][ ] per cent. per annum]/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 124 ---
124 
 
(d) 
Subsequent Margin:  
[+/-][ ] per cent. per annum /[Not Applicable] 
(e) 
First Reset Date 
[ ] 
(f) 
Second Reset Date: 
[ ]/[Not Applicable] 
(g) 
Subsequent Reset Date(s): 
[ ]/[Not Applicable] 
(h) 
Relevant Screen Page:  
[ ] 
(i) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)][30/360] 
(j) 
Determination Date(s):  
[[ ] in each year]/[Not Applicable] 
(k) 
Mid-Swap Rate:  
[Single Mid-Swap Rate]/[Mean Mid-Swap Rate] 
(l) 
Mid-Swap Maturity:  
[ ] 
(m) 
Calculation Agent:  
[ ] 
(n) 
Fixed Leg Swap Duration 
[ ] 
(o) 
Mid-Swap 
Floating 
Leg 
Benchmark Rate:  
[ ] 
(p) 
Business Centre(s): 
[   ] 
18. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(a) 
Specified 
Period(s)/Specified 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[   ] 
(b) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business 
Day Convention/Modified Following Business 
Day 
Convention/Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention] [Not Applicable] 
(c) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/[   ]] 
(d) 
Party responsible for calculating 
the Rate of Interest and Interest 
Amount (if not the Agent): 
[Not Applicable/[   ]] 
(e) 
Screen Rate Determination 
 
(i) 
Reference Rate: 
Reference Rate: [   ] month EURIBOR  
(ii) 
Interest Determination 
Date(s): 
[Second day on which T2 is open prior to the start 
of each Interest Period] 
[   ]

--- Page 125 ---
125 
 
(iii) 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[Reuters Screen Page EURIBOR01 (or any 
successor page)] [       ] 
(f) 
Linear Interpolation: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable - the rate of interest 
for the [long/short] [first/last] Interest Period 
shall be calculated using Linear Interpolation 
(specify for each short or long interest period)]  
(g) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-][   ]% per annum 
(h) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[[   ]% per annum/Not Applicable] 
(i) 
Maximum Rate of Interest18: 
[[   ]% per annum/Not Applicable] 
(j) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)] 
[Actual/Actual] 
 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
 
[Actual/360] 
 
[30/360] 
 
[30E/360] 
 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
19. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(a) 
Accrual Yield: 
[   ]% per annum 
(b) 
Reference Price: 
[   ] 
(c) 
Day Count Fraction in relation 
to Early Redemption Amounts: 
[30/360] 
[Actual/360] 
[Actual/365] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
20. 
Condition 6(b) ("Redemption and 
Purchase") 
[Applicable/ Applicable subject to the Relevant 
Authority's prior permission (as set out in 
Condition 6(m))/Not Applicable] 
Notice periods: 
Minimum period: [30] days 
Maximum period: [60] days  
21. 
Notice periods for Condition 6(c) 
("Redemption upon the occurrence of a 
Capital Event"): 
Minimum period: [30] days 
Maximum period: [60] days 
22. 
Notice periods for Condition 6(g) 
("Redemption of Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes and certain Senior Notes due to an 
MREL Disqualification Event") 
Minimum period: [30] days 
Maximum period: [60] days 
                                                     
18  If no minimum interest rate is specified or if the minimum interest rate is specified as Not Applicable, then the minimum interest rate 
shall be zero.

--- Page 126 ---
126 
 
23. 
Issuer Call 
[Applicable/Applicable subject to the Relevant 
Authority's prior permission (as set out in 
Condition 6(m))/Not Applicable] 
(a) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[   ] 
(b) 
Optional Redemption Amount: 
[   ] per Calculation Amount 
(c) 
If redeemable in part: 
 
(i) 
Minimum Redemption Amount: [   ] 
(ii) 
Higher Redemption Amount: 
[   ] 
(d) 
Notice periods: 
Minimum period: [15] days 
Maximum period: [30] days 
24. 
Clean-up Call Option 
(a) 
Clean-up 
Call 
Minimum 
 
Percentage: 
(b) 
Clean-up Call Option Amount: 
(c) 
Notice Periods: 
 
[(d) 
Clean-up Call Effective Date: 
25. 
Investor Put 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[As per the Conditions/specify] 
[   ] per Calculation Amount 
[Minimum period: [30] days] 
[Maximum period: [60] days] 
[   ]] 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(a) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[   ] 
(b) 
Optional Redemption Amount: 
[   ] per Calculation Amount 
(c) 
Notice periods: 
Minimum period: [30] days 
Maximum period: [60] days 
26. 
Final Redemption Amount of each Note: [   ] per Calculation Amount 
27. 
Early Redemption Amount payable on 
redemption for taxation reasons, upon a 
Capital 
Event 
(in 
the 
case 
of 
Subordinated Notes), upon an MREL 
Disqualification 
Event 
(where 
applicable) or on event of default: 
[   ] per Calculation Amount 
(N.B. If the Final Redemption Amount is 100% of 
the nominal value (i.e. par), the Early 
Redemption Amount is likely to be par (but 
consider). If, however, the Final Redemption 
Amount is other than 100% of the nominal value, 
consideration should be given as to what the 
Early Redemption Amount should be.) 
28. 
Substitution and Variation 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 127 ---
127 
 
(a) 
Notice periods for Condition 
6(n) 
("Substitution 
and 
Variation 
of 
Subordinated 
Notes"): 
[Minimum period: [30] days] 
[Maximum period: [60] days] 
[Not Applicable] 
(i) 
Notice periods for Condition 
6(o) ("Substitution and 
Variation of Senior Non-
Preferred Notes and Senior 
Notes"): 
[Minimum period: [30] days] 
[Maximum period: [60] days] 
[Not Applicable] 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
29. 
Form of Notes 
 
Form: 
Book Entry Notes: nominativas 
30. 
Additional Financial Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/[   ]] 
 
Signed on behalf of the Issuer: 
 
By:  
 
 
Duly authorised

--- Page 128 ---
128 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
Listing and Admission to Trading 
 
(a) 
Listing 
and 
admission 
to 
trading: 
[Application [has been/will be] made by the 
Issuer (or on its behalf) for the Notes to be 
admitted to the Official List and trading on the 
Euronext Dublin Regulated Market with effect 
from [   ].] [Application [has been/will be] made 
by the Issuer (or on its behalf) for the Notes to be 
admitted to trading on the [Euronext Lisbon’s 
regulated market] with effect from [   ].] [Not 
Applicable] 
(b) 
Estimate of total expenses 
related to admission to trading: 
[   ] 
2. 
Ratings 
[The Notes have not been specifically rated.] 
[The following ratings reflect ratings assigned to 
the Notes of this type issued under the 
Programme generally: 
[[   ] by Moody's] 
[[   ] by S&P] 
[[   ] by Fitch] 
[[   ] by DBRS]] 
[The Notes to be issued [have been/are expected 
to be] rated: 
[   ] by [Moody's/S&P/ Fitch/DBRS]] 
[Moody's/S&P/Fitch/DBRS] is established in the 
[European Union/United Kingdom] and is 
registered under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 
(as amended)[ as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 
2018] (the “[UK ]CRA Regulation”).]] (Repeat 
as necessary and amend depending on status of 
relevant rating agency.) 
[Need to include a brief explanation of the 
meaning of the ratings if this has previously been 
published by the rating provider.] 
3. 
Reasons for the Offer and Estimated Net Proceeds 
(i) Reasons for the offer: 
[Give details] 
[General Corporate Purposes – see the first 
paragraph of "Use of Proceeds" wording in 
Offering Circular]

--- Page 129 ---
129 
 
[ESG Notes – [An amount equal to the net 
proceeds from the issue of the Notes is intended 
to be used for the purposes of the finance and/or 
refinance, in whole or in part of Eligible Green 
Assets.]  
or 
[An amount equal to the net proceeds from the 
issue of the Notes is intended to be used for the 
purposes of the finance and/or refinance, in 
whole or in part of Eligible Social Assets.] or 
[An amount equal to the net proceeds from the 
issue of the Notes is intended to be used for the 
purposes of the finance and/or refinance, in 
whole or in part of Eligible Green and Social 
Assets.] 
(ii) Estimated net proceeds: 
[   ] 
(If proceeds are intended for more than one use 
will need to split out and present in order of 
priority. If proceeds insufficient to fund all 
proposed uses state amount and sources of other 
funding.) 
4. 
Interests of natural and legal persons 
involved in the issue 
Save 
for 
any 
fees 
payable 
to 
the 
[Managers/Dealers], so far as the Issuer is aware, 
no person involved in the issue of the Notes has 
an interest material to the issue. [Certain 
[Managers/Dealers] and their affiliates have 
engaged, and may in the future engage, in 
investment banking and or commercial banking 
transactions with, and may perform other 
services for, the Issuer and its affiliates in the 
ordinary course of business.] [   ] 
5. 
Indication of yield (Fixed Rate Notes 
only) 
[   ] [Not Applicable] 
6. 
Historic and future Interest Rates 
(Floating Rate Notes only) 
[Details of historic and future EURIBOR rates 
can be obtained from [Reuters] [   ].] [Not 
Applicable] 
7. 
Operational Information 
 
(a) 
ISIN: 
[   ] 
(b) 
Common Code: 
[   ] 
(c) 
CFI: 
[[See/[[include code], as updated, as set out on] 
the website of the Association of National

--- Page 130 ---
130 
 
 
 
 
(d) 
FISN: 
 
 
(e) 
Delivery: 
Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively 
sourced 
from 
the 
responsible 
National 
Numbering Agency that assigned the ISIN/Not 
Applicable/Not Available] 
[[See/[[include code], as updated, as set out on] 
the website of the Association of National 
Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively 
sourced 
from 
the 
responsible 
National 
Numbering Agency that assigned the ISIN/Not 
Applicable/Not Available] 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
(f) 
Intended to be held in a manner 
which would allow Eurosystem 
eligibility: 
[Yes. Note that the designation "yes" simply 
means that the Notes are intended upon issue to 
be registered with Interbolsa – Sociedade Gestora 
de Sistemas de Liquidação e de Sistemas 
Centralizados de Valores Mobiliários, S.A. in its 
capacity of securities settlement system and does 
not necessarily mean that the Notes will be 
recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra-day credit operations 
by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or 
all times during their life. Such recognition will 
depend upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria] 
[No]] 
8. 
Distribution 
 
(a) 
If 
syndicated, 
names 
of 
Managers: 
[Not Applicable/[   ]] 
(b) 
Date 
of 
[Subscription] 
Agreement: 
[   ] 
(c) 
Stabilisation 
Manager(s) 
(if 
any): 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
(d) 
If non-syndicated, name of 
relevant Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/[   ]] 
(e) 
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
[Reg. S Compliance Category 2] [TEFRA C] 
[TEFRA rules not applicable] 
(f) 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA 
Retail Investors: 
 
 
[Not Applicable][Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute "packaged 
products" or the Notes do constitute a 
"packaged" products and a key information

--- Page 131 ---
131 
 
 
 
(g) 
Prohibition of Sales to UK 
Retail Investors: 
 
 
 
 
(h) 
Prohibition of Sales to Belgian 
Consumers: 
document will be prepared in the EEA, "Not 
Applicable" should be specified. If the Notes may 
constitute "packaged products" and no key 
information document will be prepared in the 
EEA, "Applicable" should be specified.) 
[Not Applicable][Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute "packaged 
products" or the Notes do constitute a 
"packaged" products and a key information 
document will be prepared in the UK, "Not 
Applicable" should be specified. If the Notes may 
constitute "packaged products" and no key 
information document will be prepared in the 
UK, "Applicable" should be specified.) 
[Not Applicable][Applicable] 
9. 
Third Party Information 
[[   ] has been extracted from [   ]. The Issuer confirms that such information has been accurately 
reproduced and that, so far as it is aware and is able to ascertain from information published by [   ], 
no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or 
misleading.]

--- Page 132 ---
132 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES  
The following, save for the text in the footnotes, are the Terms and Conditions of Notes which will be 
incorporated by reference into each Note. The applicable Final Terms in relation to any Notes 
completes the information regarding the following Terms and Conditions and will be incorporated into 
each Note. Reference should be made to "Form of Final Terms" above for the form of Final Terms 
which will specify which of these Terms and Conditions are to apply in relation to the relevant Notes. 
This Note is one of a Series (as defined below) of Notes issued as specified in the Final Terms relating 
to this Note (the "applicable Final Terms") by Banco Comercial Português, S.A. (the "Issuer"). Notes 
are integrated in the Interbolsa book entry system and governed by these conditions and a deed poll 
given by the Issuer in favour of the holders of Notes dated 19 May 2023 (the "Instrument"). References 
herein to the "Notes" shall be references to the Notes of this Series. The Notes also have the benefit of 
Agency Terms dated 19 May 2023 (such Agency Terms as amended and/or restated and/or 
supplemented from time to time, the "Agency Terms") and made by Banco Comercial Português, S.A. 
as Issuer and as agent (the "Agent" which expression shall include any successor agent). 
The applicable Final Terms for this Note is attached hereto or (to the extent relevant) incorporated 
herein and completes these Terms and Conditions (the "Conditions"). 
The applicable Final Terms will state in particular whether this Note is (i) a senior Note (a "Senior 
Note" and, together with all the Notes of this Series, "Senior Notes"); (ii) a senior non-preferred note 
(a "Senior Non-Preferred Note" and, together with all the Notes of this Series, "Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes"); or a subordinated Note (a "Subordinated Note" and together with all the Notes of this Series, 
"Subordinated Notes"). 
In the case of Senior Notes, the applicable Final Terms will state whether or not Condition 6(m) applies.  
Senior Notes where Condition 6(m) is specified as being "Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms 
shall be referred to as "Senior Preferred Notes". 
As used herein, "Tranche" means Notes which are identical in all respects (including as to the Issue 
Date, listing and admission to trading) and subject to the same Final Terms and "Series" means a 
Tranche of Notes together with any further Tranche or Tranches of Notes which are (A) expressed to 
be consolidated and form a single series and (B) have the same terms and conditions or terms and 
conditions which are the same in all respects save for the amount and date of the first payment of interest 
thereon and the date from which interest starts to accrue. 
Copies of the Agency Terms and the applicable Final Terms (i) are available for inspection or collection 
at the registered office of the Agent, being at Praça Dom João I, 4000-295 Oporto, Portugal or (ii) may 
be provided by email to the holders of the relevant Notes ("Noteholders") following their prior written 
request to the Agent and provision of proof of holding and identity (in a form satisfactory to the Agent). 
If the Notes are to be admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Irish Stock Exchange plc 
("Euronext Dublin Regulated Market"), trading as Euronext Dublin ("Euronext Dublin"), the 
applicable Final Terms will be published on the website of Euronext Dublin through a regulatory 
information service. The Noteholders are deemed to have notice of, and are entitled to the benefit of, 
all the provisions of the Instrument, the Agency Terms and the applicable Final Terms which are binding 
on them. 
Words and expressions defined in the Instrument or the Agency Terms or used in the applicable Final 
Terms shall have the same meanings where used in these Terms and Conditions unless the context 
otherwise requires or unless otherwise stated and provided that, in the event of inconsistency between 
the Agency Terms and the Instrument, the Instrument will prevail and that, in the event of inconsistency

--- Page 133 ---
133 
 
between the Agency Terms or the Instrument and the applicable Final Terms, the applicable Final Terms 
will prevail. 
In these Conditions, "Euro" means the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European 
economic and monetary union pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, as 
amended. 
1. 
Form, Denomination and Title 
The Notes will be in book entry form ("forma escritural"), being "nominativas" (i.e. Interbolsa, at the 
Issuer's request, can ask the Affiliated Members for information regarding the identity of the 
Noteholders and transmit such information to the Issuer) and, subject to applicable legal or regulatory 
restrictions, in any currency as agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) at the time of the 
issue (the "Specified Currency") and the denominations (the "Specified Denomination(s)" specified 
in the applicable Final Terms. 
This Note is a Senior Note, a Subordinated Note, or a Senior Non-Preferred Note, as indicated in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
This Note is a Fixed Rate Note, a Reset Rate Note, a Floating Rate Note or a Zero Coupon Note, or any 
appropriate combination of any of the foregoing, depending upon the Interest Basis shown in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
Title to the Notes passes upon registration in the relevant individual securities accounts held with an 
Affiliated Member of Interbolsa. 
Subject as set out below, the Issuer and the Agent will (except as otherwise required by law) deem and 
treat any person in whose name a Note is registered as the absolute owner thereof (whether or not 
overdue and notwithstanding any notice of ownership or writing thereon or notice of any previous loss 
or theft thereof) for all purposes. 
2. 
Status of the Notes 
The applicable Final Terms will indicate whether the Notes are Senior Notes, Subordinated Notes or 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes. 
(a) 
In the case of Senior Notes 
If the Notes are specified as Senior Notes in the applicable Final Terms, the Notes are direct, 
unconditional, unsecured (subject (where applicable) to the provisions of Condition 3) and 
unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer and rank and will rank pari passu among themselves 
and with all present and future unsecured (subject as aforesaid) and unsubordinated obligations 
of the Issuer which do not qualify as Statutory Senior Non-Preferred Obligations, save for those 
that have been accorded by law preferential rights. 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies the "Senior Notes Waiver of Set-Off" is "Applicable", 
no Noteholder of Senior Notes may exercise or claim any right of set-off or netting in respect 
of any amount owed by it to the Issuer arising out of or in connection with the Senior Notes 
and each such Noteholder shall, by virtue of its subscription, purchase or holding of any Senior 
Note, be deemed to have waived all such rights of set-off or netting. 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies the "Senior Notes Waiver of Set-Off" is "Applicable", 
to the extent that any set-off takes place, whether by operation of law or otherwise, between: 
(y) any amount owed by the Issuer to a Noteholder arising under or in connection with the

--- Page 134 ---
134 
 
Senior Notes; and (z) any amount owed to the Issuer by such Noteholder, such Noteholder will 
immediately transfer such amount which is set-off to the Issuer or, in the event of its winding 
up or dissolution, the liquidation or insolvency estate. 
(b) 
In the case of Subordinated Notes 
If the Notes are specified as Subordinated Notes in the applicable Final Terms, the Notes are 
direct, unconditional and unsecured obligations of the Issuer, save that the claims of the holders 
of the Notes in respect of payments pursuant thereto will, in the event of the winding-up of the 
Issuer (to the extent permitted by Portuguese law), be wholly subordinated to the claims of all 
Senior Creditors of the Issuer and shall rank: 
(i) 
at least pari passu with the claims of holders of all obligations of the Issuer which constitute, 
or would but for any applicable limitation on the amount of such capital constitute, Tier 2 
instruments of the Issuer; and 
(ii) 
in priority to (1) the claims of holders of all obligations of the Issuer which constitute, or would 
but for any applicable limitation on the amount of such capital constitute, Tier 1 instruments of 
the Issuer, (2) the claims of holders of all undated or perpetual subordinated obligations of the 
Issuer (other than any such obligations which rank, or are expressed to rank, pari passu with, 
or in priority to, the Subordinated Notes), (3) the claims of holders of all classes of share capital 
of the Issuer and (4) the claims of holders of all other obligations of the Issuer which rank, or 
are expressed to rank, junior to the Subordinated Notes. 
The subordination of the Notes is for the benefit of the Issuer and all Senior Creditors of the 
Issuer. "Senior Creditors of the Issuer" means (a) creditors of the Issuer whose claims are 
admitted to proof in the winding-up of the Issuer and who are unsubordinated creditors of the 
Issuer (including Senior Notes and Statutory Senior Non-Preferred Obligations), and (b) 
creditors of the Issuer whose claims are or are expressed to be subordinated to the claims of 
other creditors of the Issuer (other than those whose claims relate to obligations which 
constitute, or would, but for any applicable limitation on the amount of such capital, constitute 
Tier 1 instruments or Tier 2 instruments of the Issuer, or whose claims otherwise rank or are 
expressed to rank pari passu with, or junior to, the claims of holders of the Subordinated Notes); 
"Tier 1 instruments" has the meaning given to it by the Applicable Banking Regulations from 
time to time; and "Tier 2 instruments" has the meaning given to it by the Applicable Banking 
Regulations from time to time. 
No Noteholder of Subordinated Notes may exercise or claim any right of set-off or netting in 
respect of any amount owed by it to the Issuer arising out of or in connection with the 
Subordinated Notes and each such Noteholder shall, by virtue of its subscription, purchase or 
holding of any Subordinated Note, be deemed to have waived all such rights of set-off or 
netting. 
To the extent that any set-off takes place, whether by operation of law or otherwise, between: 
(y) any amount owed by the Issuer to a Noteholder arising under or in connection with the 
Subordinated Notes; and (z) any amount owed to the Issuer by such Noteholder, such 
Noteholder will immediately transfer such amount which is set-off to the Issuer or, in the event 
of its winding up or dissolution, the liquidation or insolvency estate, to be held on trust for the 
Senior Creditors of the Issuer.

--- Page 135 ---
135 
 
(c) 
In the case of Senior Non-Preferred Notes  
If the Notes are specified as Senior Non-Preferred Notes in the applicable Final Terms, the 
Notes qualify as, and comprise part of the class of, Statutory Senior Non-Preferred Obligations 
and are direct, unconditional and unsecured obligations of the Issuer and, subject to and, save 
for those preferred by mandatory and/or overriding provisions of law, rank and will rank: 
(i) 
pari passu and without any preference among themselves and with all other present and future 
obligations of the Issuer qualifying as Statutory Senior Non-Preferred Obligations; 
(ii) 
in the event of the bankruptcy (insolvência) of the Issuer only, junior to any present and future 
unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the Issuer which do not qualify as Statutory Senior 
Non-Preferred Obligations; and 
(iii) 
senior to any Junior Obligations. 
By virtue of such ranking, payments to Noteholders of Senior Non-Preferred Notes will, in the 
event of the bankruptcy (insolvência) of the Issuer, only be made after all claims in respect of 
unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the Issuer which do not qualify as Statutory Senior 
Non-Preferred Obligations have been satisfied. 
No Noteholder of Senior Non-Preferred Notes may exercise or claim any right of set-off or 
netting in respect of any amount owed by it to the Issuer arising out of or in connection with 
the Senior Non-Preferred Notes and each such Noteholder shall, by virtue of its subscription, 
purchase or holding of any Senior Non-Preferred Note, be deemed to have waived all such 
rights of set-off or netting. 
To the extent that any set-off takes place, whether by operation of law or otherwise, between: 
(y) any amount owed by the Issuer to a Noteholder arising under or in connection with the 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes; and (z) any amount owed to the Issuer by such Noteholder, such 
Noteholder will immediately transfer such amount which is set-off to the Issuer or, in the event 
of its winding up or dissolution, the liquidation or insolvency estate, to be held on trust for the 
creditors of any present and future unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer which do not qualify 
as Statutory Senior Non-Preferred Obligations. 
As used in this Condition 2(c): 
"Junior Obligations" means any present and future claims in respect of obligations of the 
Issuer which rank or are expressed to rank, subordinated to claims in respect of unsubordinated 
and unsecured obligations of the Issuer (including Statutory Senior Non-Preferred Obligations); 
and 
"Statutory Senior Non-Preferred Obligations" means any present and future claims in 
respect of unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the Issuer which have a lower ranking 
within the meaning of article 8-A of Decree-Law no 199/2006 of 25 October (as amended) (or 
any other provision implementing article 108 of Directive 2014/59/EU, as amended by 
Directive (EU) 2017/2399, in Portugal) than the claims in respect of all other unsubordinated 
and unsecured obligations of the Issuer. 
3. 
Negative Pledge 
This Condition 3 shall apply only to Senior Notes in respect of which the applicable Final Terms specify 
that this Condition 3 is "Applicable" and references to "Notes" and "Noteholders" shall be construed 
accordingly.

--- Page 136 ---
136 
 
So long as any of the Notes remains outstanding (as defined in the Instrument), the Issuer shall not 
create or permit to be outstanding any mortgage, charge, lien, pledge or other similar encumbrance or 
security interest (each a "security interest") upon the whole or any part of its undertaking or assets, 
present or future (including any uncalled capital if applicable), to secure any Indebtedness (as defined 
below) or to secure any guarantee or indemnity given in respect of any Indebtedness, without, in the 
case of the creation of a security interest, at the same time and, in any other case, promptly according 
to the Noteholders an equal and rateable interest in the same or, at the option of the Issuer, providing to 
the Noteholders such other security as shall be approved by an Extraordinary Resolution (as defined in 
the Instrument) of the Noteholders save that the Issuer may create or permit to subsist a security interest 
to secure Indebtedness and/or any guarantee or indemnity given in respect of Indebtedness of any 
person, in each case as aforesaid, (but without the obligation to accord or provide to the Noteholders 
either, an equal and rateable interest in the same or such other security as aforesaid) where such security 
interest: 
(a) 
is only over such part of the undertaking or assets, present or future, of the Issuer that belonged 
to a company whose assets or undertaking have become part of the assets or undertaking of the 
Issuer pursuant to an amalgamation or merger of such company with the Issuer, which security 
interest exists at the time of such amalgamation or merger and was not created in contemplation 
thereof or in connection therewith and the principal, nominal or capital amount secured at the 
time of such amalgamation or merger is not thereafter increased; or 
(b) 
is created pursuant to any securitisation, asset-backed financing or like arrangement in 
accordance with normal market practice and whereby the amount of Indebtedness secured by 
such security interest or in respect of which any guarantee or indemnity is secured by such 
security interest is limited to the value of the assets secured; or 
(c) 
is granted in relation to mortgage-backed bonds (obrigações hipotecárias) issued by the Issuer 
under Portuguese law and "covered bonds". 
"Indebtedness" means any borrowings having an original maturity of more than one year in the form 
of or represented by bonds, notes, debentures or other securities (not comprising, for the avoidance of 
doubt, preference shares or other equity securities) which with the consent of the Issuer are, or are 
intended to be, listed or traded on any stock exchange or other organised market for securities (whether 
or not initially distributed by way of private placing) other than a borrowing which is entirely or 
substantially placed in Portugal. 
4. 
Interest 
The applicable Final Terms will indicate whether the Notes are Fixed Rate Notes, Reset Rate Notes, 
Floating Rate Notes or Zero Coupon Notes. 
(a) 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes 
This Condition 4(a) applies to Fixed Rate Notes only. The applicable Final Terms contains 
provisions applicable to the determination of fixed rate interest and must be read in conjunction 
with this Condition 4(a) for full information on the manner in which interest is calculated on 
Fixed Rate Notes. In particular, the applicable Final Terms will specify the Interest 
Commencement Date, the Rate(s) of Interest, the Interest Payment Date(s), the Maturity Date, 
the Calculation Amount, the Day Count Fraction and any applicable Determination Date. 
Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date at 
the rate(s) per annum equal to the Rate(s) of Interest payable in arrear on the Interest Payment 
Date(s) in each year up to the Maturity Date. Interest on Fixed Rate Notes will be calculated on

--- Page 137 ---
137 
 
the full nominal amount outstanding of Fixed Rate Notes and will be paid to the Affiliate 
Members of Interbolsa for distribution by them to the accounts of entitled Noteholders in 
accordance with Interbolsa's usual rules and operating procedures. 
Such interest shall be calculated in respect of any period by applying the Rate of Interest to the 
aggregate outstanding nominal amount of the Fixed Rate Notes and multiplying such sum by 
the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding the resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of 
the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise 
in accordance with applicable market convention. 
In this Condition 4(a): 
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest in 
accordance with this Condition 4(a): 
(i) 
if "Actual/Actual (ICMA)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
(A) 
in the case of Notes where the number of days in the relevant period from (and 
including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date (the 
"Accrual Period") is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period during 
which the Accrual Period ends, the number of days in such Accrual Period 
divided by the product of (1) the number of days in such Determination Period 
and (2) the number of Determination Dates (as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms) that would occur in one calendar year; or 
(I) 
in the case of Notes where the Accrual Period is longer than the 
Determination Period during which the Accrual Period ends, the sum 
of: 
(1) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the 
Determination Period in which the Accrual Period begins 
divided by the product of (x) the number of days in such 
Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination 
Dates (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) that would 
occur in one calendar year; and 
(2) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the next 
Determination Period divided by the product of (x) the number 
of days in such Determination Period and (y) the number of 
Determination Dates that would occur in one calendar year; 
and 
(ii) 
if "30/360" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the period from 
(and including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest Commencement 
Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date (such number of days being calculated on 
the basis of 12 30-day months) divided by 360; 
"Determination Period" means the period from (and including) a Determination Date to (but 
excluding) the next Determination Date (including, where either the Interest Commencement 
Date or the final Interest Payment Date is not a Determination Date, the period commencing on 
the first Determination Date prior to, and ending on the first Determination Date falling after, 
such date); and

--- Page 138 ---
138 
 
"sub-unit" means with respect to any currency other than Euro, the lowest amount of such 
currency that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, with respect to 
Euro, means one cent. 
(b) 
Interest on Reset Rate Notes 
This Condition 4(b) applies to Reset Rate Notes only. The applicable Final Terms contain 
provisions applicable to the determination of the reset rate of interest and must be read in 
conjunction with this Condition 4(b) for full information on the manner in which interest is 
calculated on Reset Rate Notes. In particular, the applicable Final Terms will identify the 
Interest Payment Date(s), the Initial Rate of Interest, the First Margin, the Subsequent Margin 
(if any), the First Reset Date, the Second Reset Date (if any), the Subsequent Reset Date(s) (if 
any), the Relevant Screen Page, the Day Count Fraction, the Determination Date(s) (if any), the 
Mid-Swap Rate, the Mid-Swap Maturity, the Calculation Agent, the Fixed Leg Swap Duration, 
the Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate and the Business Centre(s). 
For the purpose of these Conditions, "Relevant Screen Page" means the Relevant Screen Page 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(i) 
Each Reset Rate Note bears interest (i) from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date 
specified in the relevant Final Terms) to (but excluding) the First Reset Date at the rate per 
annum equal to the Initial Rate of Interest; (ii) from (and including) the First Reset Date until 
(but excluding) the Second Reset Date or, if no such Second Reset Date is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, the Maturity Date, at the rate per annum equal to the First Reset Rate of 
Interest; and (iii) for each subsequent period thereafter (if any), at the rate per annum equal to 
the relevant Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest (in each case rounded if necessary to the fifth 
decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards), payable in each case, in arrear on the 
Interest Payment Date(s) so specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(ii) 
If on any Reset Determination Date the Relevant Screen Page is not available or the Mid-Swap 
Rate does not appear on the Relevant Screen Page, the Calculation Agent shall request each of 
the Reference Banks to provide the Calculation Agent with its Mid-Market Swap Rate 
Quotation as at approximately 12 (noon) in the principal financial centre of the Specified 
Currency on the Reset Determination Date in question. If two or more of the Reference Banks 
provide the Calculation Agent with Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotations, the First Reset Rate of 
Interest or the Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest (as applicable) for the relevant Reset Period 
shall be the sum converted as set out in the definition of First Reset Rate of Interest or 
Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest (as applicable) of the arithmetic mean (rounded, if necessary, 
to the nearest 0.001 per cent. (0.0005 per cent. being rounded upwards)) of the relevant Mid-
Market Swap Rate Quotations and the First Margin or Subsequent Margin (as applicable), all 
as determined by the Calculation Agent. If none or only one of the Reference Banks provides 
the Calculation Agent with a Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation as provided in the foregoing 
provisions of this paragraph, the First Reset Rate of Interest or the Subsequent Reset Rate of 
Interest (as applicable) shall be determined to be the Rate of Interest as at the last preceding 
Reset Date or, in the case of the first Reset Determination Date, the First Reset Rate of Interest 
shall be the Rate of Interest before the First Reset Date (adjusted, in the case of any Reset Rate 
Notes other than Subordinated Notes to take into account any change in the prevailing Margin). 
(iii) 
The Rate of Interest and the amount of interest payable (the "Reset Interest Amount") shall 
be determined by the Calculation Agent, (A) in the case of the Rate of Interest, at or as soon as 
practicable after each time at which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, and (B) in the case 
of the Reset Interest Amount in accordance with the provisions for calculating amounts of 
interest in Condition 4(a) and, for such purposes, references in the third paragraph of Condition

--- Page 139 ---
139 
 
4(a) to "Fixed Rate Notes" shall be deemed to be to "Reset Rate Notes", "Rate of Interest" shall 
be to "First Reset Rate of Interest" or "Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest" (as applicable) and 
Condition 4(a) shall be construed accordingly. 
(iv) 
The Calculation Agent will cause the Rate of Interest (other than the Initial Rate of Interest) 
and each related Reset Interest Amount to be notified to the Issuer and any stock exchange on 
which the relevant Reset Rate Notes are for the time being listed and notice thereof to be 
published in accordance with Condition 12 as soon as possible after their determination but in 
no event later than the fourth Lisbon Business Day (as defined below) thereafter. For the 
purposes of this sub-paragraph (iv), the expression "Lisbon Business Day" means a day (other 
than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which banks and foreign exchange markets are open for general 
business in Lisbon. 
(v) 
If for any reason the Calculation Agent at any time after the Issue Date defaults in its obligation 
to determine the Rate of Interest or calculate any Reset Interest Amount in accordance with 
Condition 4(b)(iii) above, the Issuer shall determine the Rate of Interest at such rate as, in its 
absolute discretion (having such regard as it shall think fit to the foregoing provisions of this 
Condition), it shall deem fair and reasonable and such determination or calculation shall be 
deemed to have been made by the Calculation Agent. 
(vi) 
All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, quotations and 
decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this 
Condition 4(b) by the Calculation Agent, shall (in the absence of wilful default, bad faith or 
manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the Agent, the Calculation Agent and all Noteholders 
and (in the absence as aforesaid) no liability to the Issuer or the Noteholders shall attach to the 
Calculation Agent in connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties 
and discretions pursuant to such provisions. 
(vii) 
For the purposes of this Condition 4(b): 
"Calculation Agent" has the meaning specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"First Margin" means the margin specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
"First Reset Date" means the date specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"First Reset Period" means the period from (and including) the First Reset Date until 
(but excluding) the Second Reset Date or, if no such Second Reset Date is specified in 
the relevant Final Terms, the Maturity Date; 
"First Reset Rate of Interest" means, in respect of the First Reset Period and subject 
to Condition 4(b)(ii) above, the rate of interest determined by the Calculation Agent on 
the relevant Reset Determination Date as the sum, converted from a basis equivalent to 
the Fixed Leg Swap Duration specified in the applicable Final Terms to a basis 
equivalent to the frequency with which scheduled interest payments are payable on the 
Notes during the relevant Reset Period (such calculation to be determined by the Issuer 
in conjunction with a leading financial institution selected by it), of the relevant Mid-
Swap Rate and the First Margin; 
"Fixed Leg Swap Duration" has the meaning specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Initial Rate of Interest" has the meaning specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Margin" means the First Margin or any Subsequent Margin (as applicable);

--- Page 140 ---
140 
 
"Mid-Swap Maturity" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Mid-Market Swap Rate" means for any Reset Period the mean of the bid and offered 
rates for the fixed leg payable with a frequency equivalent to the Fixed Leg Swap 
Duration specified in the Final Terms (calculated on the day count basis customary for 
fixed rate payments in the Specified Currency, such day count basis as determined by 
the Calculation Agent) of a fixed for floating interest rate swap transaction in the 
Specified Currency which transaction (i) has a term equal to the relevant Reset Period 
and commencing on the relevant Reset Date, (ii) is in an amount that is representative 
for a single transaction in the relevant market at the relevant time with an acknowledged 
dealer of good credit in the swap market and (iii) has a floating leg based on the Mid-
Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate for the Mid-Swap Maturity (as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms) (calculated on the day count basis customary for floating rate 
payments in the Specified Currency, such day count basis as determined by the 
Calculation Agent); 
"Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation" means a quotation (expressed as a percentage 
rate per annum) for the relevant Mid-Market Swap Rate; 
"Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate" means the rate as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms; 
"Mid-Swap Rate" means, in relation to a Reset Determination Date and subject to 
provision (b) above, either: 
(A) 
if Single Mid-Swap Rate is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the rate for 
swaps in the Specified Currency: 
(I) 
 with a term equal to the relevant Reset Period; and 
(II) 
 commencing on the relevant Reset Date, 
which appears on the Relevant Screen Page or such replacement page on that 
service which displays the information; or 
(B) 
if Mean Mid-Swap Rate is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the arithmetic 
mean (expressed as a percentage rate per annum and rounded, if necessary, to 
the nearest 0.001 per cent. (0.0005 per cent. Being rounded upwards)) of the 
bid and offered swap rate quotations for swaps in the Specified Currency: 
(I) 
with a term equal to the relevant Reset Period; and 
(II) 
commencing on the relevant Reset Date, 
which appear on the Relevant Screen Page or such replacement page on that 
service which displays the information, 
in either case, as at approximately 11.00 a.m. in the principal financial centre of the 
Specified Currency on such Reset Determination Date, all as determined by the 
Calculation Agent; 
"Rate of Interest" means the Initial Rate of Interest, the First Reset Rate of Interest or 
the Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest, as applicable;

--- Page 141 ---
141 
 
"Reference Banks" means the principal office in the principal financial centre of the 
Specified Currency of four major banks in the swap, money, securities or other market 
most closely connected with the relevant Mid-Swap Rate as selected by the Issuer on 
the advice of an investment bank of international repute; 
"Reset Business Day" means a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange 
markets settle payments and are open for general business including dealing in foreign 
exchange and foreign currency deposits) in any Business Centre specified in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
"Reset Date" means the First Reset Date, the Second Reset Date and each Subsequent 
Reset Date (as applicable); 
"Reset Determination Date" means, in respect of the First Reset Period, the second 
Reset Business Day prior to the First Reset Date, in respect of the first Subsequent 
Reset Period, the second Reset Business Day prior to the Second Reset Date and, in 
respect of each Subsequent Reset Period thereafter, the second Reset Business Day 
prior to the first day of each such Subsequent Reset Period, or in each case as specified 
in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Reset Period" means the First Reset Period or a Subsequent Reset Period, as the case 
may be; 
"Second Reset Date" means the date specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Subsequent Margin" means the margin specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Subsequent Reset Date" means the date or dates specified in the relevant Final 
Terms; 
"Subsequent Reset Period" means the period from (and including) the Second Reset 
Date to (but excluding) the next Subsequent Reset Date (or, if no such Subsequent 
Reset Date is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Maturity Date), and each 
successive period from (and including) a Subsequent Reset Date to (but excluding) the 
next succeeding Subsequent Reset Date (or, if no such Subsequent Reset Date is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Maturity Date); and 
"Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest" means, in respect of any Subsequent Reset 
Period and subject to Condition 4(b)(ii) above, the rate of interest determined by the 
Calculation Agent on the relevant Reset Determination Date as the sum, converted 
from a basis equivalent to the Fixed Leg Swap Duration specified in the applicable 
Final Terms to a basis equivalent to the frequency with which scheduled interest 
payments are payable on the Notes during the relevant Reset Period (such calculation 
to be determined by the Issuer in conjunction with a leading financial institution 
selected by it), of the relevant Mid-Swap Rate and the relevant Subsequent Margin. 
(c) 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes 
(i) 
Interest Payment Dates 
This Condition 4(c) applies to Floating Rate Notes only. The applicable Final Terms 
contains provisions applicable to the determination of floating rate interest and must be 
read in conjunction with this Condition 4(c) for full information on the manner in which 
interest is calculated on Floating Rate Notes. In particular, the applicable Final Terms

--- Page 142 ---
142 
 
will identify any Specified Interest Payment Dates, any Specified Period, the Interest 
Commencement Date, the Business Day Convention, any Additional Business Centres, 
the party who will calculate the amount of interest due if it is not the Agent, the Margin, 
any maximum or minimum interest rates and the Day Count Fraction. The applicable 
Final Terms will also specify the applicable Reference Rate, Interest Determination 
Date(s) and Relevant Screen Page. 
Each Floating Rate Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date and such interest will be payable in arrear on either: 
(A) 
the Specified Interest Payment Date(s) in each year specified in the applicable 
Final Terms; or 
(B) 
if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, each date (each such date, together with each Specified Interest 
Payment Date, an "Interest Payment Date") which falls on the number of 
months or other period specified as the Calculation Period in the applicable 
Final Terms after the preceding Specified Interest Payment Date or, in the case 
of the first Interest Payment Date, after the Interest Commencement Date. 
Such interest will be payable in respect of each Interest Period (which expression shall, 
in these Terms and Conditions, mean the period from (and including) an Interest 
Payment Date (or the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or 
first) Interest Payment Date). Interest will be calculated on the full nominal amount 
outstanding of Floating Rate Notes and will be paid to the Affiliate Members of 
Interbolsa for distribution by them to the accounts of entitled Noteholders in 
accordance with Interbolsa's usual rules and operating procedures. 
If a business day convention is specified in the applicable Final Terms and (x) if there 
is no numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which an Interest 
Payment Date should occur or (y) if any Interest Payment Date (or any other date) 
would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, then, if the business day 
convention specified is: 
(I) 
in any case where Specified Periods are specified in accordance with 
Condition 4(c)(i)(B) above, the Floating Rate Convention, such Interest 
Payment Date (a) in the case of (x) above, shall be the last day that is a Business 
Day in the relevant month and the provisions of (ii) below shall apply mutatis 
mutandis or (b) in the case of (y) above, shall be postponed to the next day 
which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar 
month, in which event (i) such Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward 
to the immediately preceding Business Day and (ii) each subsequent Interest 
Payment Date shall be the last Business Day in the month which falls the 
Specified Period after the preceding applicable Interest Payment Date 
occurred; or 
(II) 
the Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date (or other 
date) shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day; or 
(III) 
the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date 
(or other date) shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day 
unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event such

--- Page 143 ---
143 
 
Interest Payment Date (or other date) shall be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Business Day; or 
(IV) 
the Preceding Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date (or other 
date) shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day. 
In these Conditions, "Business Day" means: 
(1) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle 
payments and are open for general business (including dealing in foreign 
exchange and foreign currency deposits) in each Additional Business Centre 
(other than T2) specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
(2) 
if T2 is specified as an Additional Business Centre in the applicable Final 
Terms, a day on which Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross 
Settlement Express Transfer System or any successor or replacement for that 
system ("T2") is open; and 
(3) 
either (a) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than 
Euro, a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle 
payments and are open for general business (including dealing in foreign 
exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the principal financial centre of the 
country of the relevant Specified Currency (which, if the Specified Currency 
is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars, shall be Sydney or Auckland, 
respectively) or (b) in relation to any sum payable in Euro, a day on which T2 
is open. 
(ii) 
Rate of Interest 
The Rate of Interest payable from time to time in respect of Floating Rate Notes will 
be determined in the manner specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(iii) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
The Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be either: 
(A) 
the offered quotation (if there is only one quotation on the Relevant Screen 
Page); or 
(B) 
the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 
0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the offered quotations, (expressed as a 
percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate(s) (being EURIBOR, as 
further specified in the applicable Final Terms) which appears or appear, as the 
case may be, on the Relevant Screen Page (or such replacement page on that 
service which displays the information) as at 11.00 a.m. Brussels time (the 
"Specified Time") on the Interest Determination Date in question plus or 
minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any), all as 
determined by the Agent. If five or more such offered quotations are available 
on the Relevant Screen Page, the highest (or, if there is more than one such 
highest quotation, one only of such quotations) and the lowest (or, if there is 
more than one such lowest quotation, one only of such quotations) shall be 
disregarded by the Agent for the purpose of determining the arithmetic mean 
(rounded as provided above) of such offered quotations.

--- Page 144 ---
144 
 
If the Relevant Screen Page is not available or if, in the case of (A), no such offered 
quotation appears or, in the case of (B), fewer than three such offered quotations appear, 
in each case at the Specified Time, the Agent shall request each of the Reference Banks 
(as defined below) to provide the Agent with its offered quotation (expressed as a 
percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate at approximately the Specified Time 
on the Interest Determination Date in question. If two or more of the Reference Banks 
provide the Agent with such offered quotations, the Rate of Interest for such Interest 
Period shall be the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place 
with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) of such offered quotations plus or minus (as 
appropriate) the Margin (if any), all as determined by the Agent. 
If on any Interest Determination Date one only or none of the Reference Banks provides 
the Agent with such offered quotations as provided in the preceding paragraph, the Rate 
of Interest for the relevant Interest Period shall be the rate per annum which the Agent 
determines as being the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal 
place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the rates, as communicated to (and at 
the request of) the Agent by the Reference Banks or any two or more of them, at which 
such banks were offered, at approximately the Specified Time on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date, deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which 
would have been used for the Reference Rate by leading banks in the Eurozone 
interbank market plus or minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any) or, if fewer than 
two of the Reference Banks provide the Agent with such offered rates, the offered rate 
for deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have been 
used for the Reference Rate, or the arithmetic mean (rounded as provided above) of the 
offered rates for deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which 
would have been used for the Reference Rate, at which, at approximately the Specified 
Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date, any one or more banks (which bank 
or banks is or are in the opinion of the Issuer suitable for such purpose) informs the 
Agent it is quoting to leading banks in the Eurozone interbank market plus or minus 
(as appropriate) the Margin (if any), provided that, if the Rate of Interest cannot be 
determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions of this paragraph, the Rate of 
Interest shall be determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date (though 
substituting, where a different Margin is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period 
from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin relating to the 
relevant Interest Period, in place of the Margin relating to that last preceding Interest 
Period). 
For the purposes of this Condition 4(c)(iii), "Reference Banks" means, in the case of 
(A), those banks whose offered rates were used to determine such quotation when such 
quotation last appeared on the Relevant Screen Page and, in the case of (B), those banks 
whose offered quotations last appeared on the Relevant Screen Page when no fewer 
than three such offered quotations appeared. 
(iv) 
Minimum Rate of Interest and/or Maximum Rate of Interest 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Minimum Rate of Interest for any Interest 
Period, then, in the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period 
determined in accordance with the above provisions is less than such Minimum Rate 
of Interest, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be such Minimum Rate of 
Interest. If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Maximum Rate of Interest for any 
Interest Period, then, in the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest 
Period determined in accordance with the above provisions is greater than such

--- Page 145 ---
145 
 
Maximum Rate of Interest, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be such 
Maximum Rate of Interest. 
(v) 
Determination of Rate of Interest and Calculation of Interest Amounts 
The Agent, in the case of Floating Rate Notes will, at or as soon as practicable after 
each time at which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, determine the Rate of 
Interest for the relevant Interest Period. The Agent will calculate the amount of interest 
("Interest Amount") payable on the Floating Rate Notes for the relevant Interest 
Period by applying the Rate of Interest to the aggregate outstanding nominal amount 
of the Notes and multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and 
rounding the resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, 
half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with 
applicable market convention. 
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest for 
any Interest Period: 
(I) 
if "Actual/Actual (ISDA)" or "Actual/Actual" is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, the actual number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365 
(or, if any portion of that Interest Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (1) the 
actual number of days in that portion of the Interest Period falling in a leap 
year divided by 366 and (2) the actual number of days in that portion of the 
Interest Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(II) 
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual 
number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365; 
(III) 
if "Actual/365 (Sterling)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual 
number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365 or, in the case of an 
Interest Payment Date falling in a leap year, 366; 
(IV) 
if "Actual/360" is specified in the applicable Final Terms the actual number of 
days in the Interest Period divided by 360; 
(V) 
if "30/360", "360/36" or "Bond Basis" is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, the number of days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on 
a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of 
the Interest Period falls; 
(
)
(
)
[
] (
)
[
]
360
D
D
M
M
30
Y
Y
360
1
2
1
2
1
2
−
+
×
+
−
×
−

--- Page 146 ---
146 
 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day 
immediately following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, 
unless such number is 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the 
last day included in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31 and 
D1 is greater than 29, in which case D2 will be 30; 
(VI) 
if "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
the number of days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a 
formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of 
the Interest Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day 
immediately following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, 
unless such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the 
last day included in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31, in 
which case D2 will be 30; and 
(VII) 
if "30E/360 (ISDA)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of 
days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as 
follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
(
)
(
)
[
] (
)
[
]
360
D
D
M
M
30
Y
Y
360
1
2
1
2
1
2
−
+
×
+
−
×
−
(
)
(
)
[
] (
)
[
]
360
D
D
M
M
30
Y
Y
360
1
2
1
2
1
2
−
+
×
+
−
×
−

--- Page 147 ---
147 
 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of 
the Interest Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day 
immediately following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, 
unless (x) that day is the last day of February or (y) such number would be 31, 
in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the 
last day included in the Interest Period, unless (x) that day is the last day of 
February but not the Maturity Date or (y) such number would be 31, in which 
case D2 will be 30. 
(vi) 
Linear Interpolation 
Where Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Period in 
the applicable Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be 
calculated by the Agent by straight line linear interpolation by reference to two rates 
based on the relevant Reference Rate, one of which shall be determined as if the 
Designated Maturity were the period of time for which rates are available next shorter 
than the length of the relevant Interest Period and the other of which shall be determined 
as if the Designated Maturity were the period of time for which rates are available next 
longer than the length of the relevant Interest Period provided however that if there is 
no rate available for a period of time next shorter or, as the case may be, next longer, 
then the Agent shall determine such rate at such time and by reference to such sources 
as it determines appropriate. 
"Designated Maturity" means the period of time designated in the Reference Rate. 
(vii) 
Notification of Rate of Interest and Interest Amount 
The Agent will cause the Rate of Interest and each Interest Amount for each Interest 
Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date to be notified to the Issuer and any stock 
exchange on which the relevant Floating Rate Notes are for the time being listed and 
notice thereof to be published in accordance with Condition 12 as soon as possible after 
their determination but in no event later than the fourth Lisbon Business Day (as 
defined below) thereafter. Each Interest Amount and Interest Payment Date so notified 
may subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements made by way 
of adjustment) in the event of an extension or shortening of the Interest Period. Any 
such amendment will be promptly notified to each stock exchange on which the 
relevant Floating Rate Notes are for the time being listed and to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 12. For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (vii), the 
expression "Lisbon Business Day" means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) 
on which banks and foreign exchange markets are open for general business in Lisbon. 
(d) 
Certificates to be Final 
All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, quotations and 
decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this 
Condition 4(c) by the Agent, shall (in the absence of wilful default, bad faith or manifest error) 
be binding on the Issuer, the Agent and all Noteholders and (in the absence as aforesaid) no

--- Page 148 ---
148 
 
liability to the Issuer or the Noteholders shall attach to the Agent in connection with the exercise 
or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions pursuant to such provisions. 
(e) 
Accrual of Interest 
Each Note will cease to bear interest (if any) from the due date for its redemption unless, upon 
due presentation thereof, payment of principal is improperly withheld or refused. In such event, 
interest will continue to accrue until whichever is the earlier of: (i) the date on which all amounts 
due in respect of such Note have been paid; and (ii) five days after the date on which the full 
amount of the moneys payable in respect of such Note has been received by the Agent and 
notice to that effect has been given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 12. 
(f) 
Benchmark Replacement 
This Condition 4(e) applies only to Reset Rate Notes and Floating Rate Notes. If the Issuer 
determines that a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to an Original Reference Rate when any 
Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) remains to be determined by reference to such 
Original Reference Rate, then the following provisions shall apply to the Notes: 
(i) 
the Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours, as soon as reasonably practicable, to appoint at its 
own expense an Independent Adviser to determine (without any requirement for the consent or 
approval of the Noteholders) (A) a Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Reference 
Rate, for the purposes of determining the Rate of Interest (or the relevant component part 
thereof) applicable to the Notes and (B) in either case, an Adjustment Spread. Without prejudice 
to the definitions thereof, for the purposes of determining any Successor Rate, Alternative 
Reference Rate and/or any Adjustment Spread, the Independent Adviser will take into account 
any relevant and applicable market precedents as well as any published guidance from relevant 
associations involved in the establishment of market standards and/or protocols in the 
international debt capital markets; 
(ii) 
if the Issuer (i) is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser; or (ii) the Independent Adviser 
appointed by it fails to determine a Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Reference 
Rate in accordance with this Condition 4(e) prior to the relevant Interest Determination Date, 
the Issuer (acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner and following 
consultation with the Independent Adviser in the event one has been appointed but without any 
requirement for the consent or approval of the Noteholders) may determine (A) a Successor 
Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Reference Rate and (B) in either case, an Adjustment 
Spread in accordance with this Condition 4(e). Without prejudice to the definitions thereof, for 
the purposes of determining any Successor Rate, Alternative Reference Rate and/or any 
Adjustment Spread, the Issuer will take into account any relevant and applicable market 
precedents as well as any published guidance from relevant associations involved in the 
establishment of market standards and/or protocols in the international debt capital markets; 
(iii) 
if a Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) is 
determined in accordance with paragraphs (i) or (ii) above, such Successor Rate or, failing 
which, Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) shall be the Original Reference Rate (subject 
to the subsequent operation of, and to adjustment as provided in, this Condition 4(e); 
(iv) 
if the Independent Adviser or, as the case may be, the Issuer (following consultation with the 
Independent Adviser (if any) but without any requirement for the consent or approval of the 
Noteholders) in each case acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, 
determines that an Adjustment Spread is required to be applied to the Successor Rate or the 
Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) and determines the quantum of, or a formula or

--- Page 149 ---
149 
 
methodology for determining, such Adjustment Spread, then such Adjustment Spread shall be 
applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable). If the 
Independent Adviser or, as the case may be, the Issuer is unable to determine the quantum of, 
or a formula or methodology for determining, such Adjustment Spread, then the Successor Rate 
or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) will apply without an Adjustment Spread; 
(v) 
if the Independent Adviser or, as the case may be, the Issuer (following consultation with the 
Independent Adviser (if any) but without any requirement for the consent or approval of the 
Noteholders) in each case acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, 
determines a Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) 
and/or an Adjustment Spread in accordance with the above provisions, the Independent Adviser 
or, as the case may be, the Issuer may (without any requirement for the consent or approval of 
the holders of the Notes) also specify changes to these Conditions and/or the Agency Terms in 
order to ensure the proper operation of such Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate or 
any Adjustment Spread (as applicable), including, but not limited to, (A) the Day Count 
Fraction, Screen Page, Business Day, Interest Determination Date, Reset Determination Date, 
Mid-Swap Rate, Mid-Market Swap Rate and/or the definition of Reference Rate and (B) the 
method for determining the fall-back rate in relation to the Notes. For the avoidance of doubt, 
the Issuer and the Agent shall effect such consequential amendments to the Set of Agency 
Procedures and/or these Conditions as may be required in order to give effect to the application 
of this Condition 4(e). No consent shall be required from the Noteholders in connection with 
determining or giving effect to the Successor Rate, Alternative Reference Rate or any 
Adjustment Spread (as applicable) or such other changes, including for the execution of any 
documents or other steps to be taken by the Issuer or the Agent (if required or useful); and 
(vi) 
the Issuer shall promptly, following the determination of any Successor Rate, Alternative 
Reference Rate or Adjustment Spread (as applicable), give notice thereof to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 12 (Notices) and the Agent (if different from the Issuer). Such notice 
shall specify the effective date(s) for such Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as 
applicable), the Adjustment Spread (if any) and any consequential changes made to the Set of 
Agency Procedures and/or these Conditions (if any). 
An Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 4(e) shall act in good faith and 
(in the absence of bad faith or fraud) shall have no liability whatsoever to the Agent or the 
Noteholders for any advice given to the Issuer in connection with any determination made by 
the Issuer pursuant to this Condition 4(e). 
Without prejudice to the obligations of the Issuer under this Condition 4(e), the Original 
Reference Rate and the other provisions in this Condition 4(e) will continue to apply (i) if the 
Independent Adviser or, as the case may be, the Issuer (following consultation with the 
Independent Adviser (if any) but without any requirement for the consent or approval of the 
Noteholders) is unable to or does not determine a Successor Rate or an Alternative Reference 
Rate in accordance with this Condition 4(e), and (ii) where the Independent Adviser or, as the 
case may be, the Issuer does determine a Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate, unless 
and until the Agent (if different from the Issuer) and (in accordance with Condition 12 
(Notices)) the Noteholders have been notified of the Successor Rate or Alternative Reference 
Rate (as applicable), the Adjustment Spread (if any) and any consequential changes made to 
the Set of Agency Procedures and the Conditions (if any). For the avoidance of doubt, this 
paragraph shall apply to the relevant next succeeding Interest Period or Reset Period (as 
applicable) only and any subsequent Interest Periods or Reset Periods (as applicable) are subject 
to the subsequent operation of, and to adjustment as provided in, this Condition 4(e).

--- Page 150 ---
150 
 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 4(e), no Successor Rate or Alternative 
Reference Rate or Adjustment Spread (as applicable) will be adopted, and no other amendments 
to the terms of the Notes will be made pursuant to this Condition 4(e), if and to the extent that, 
in the determination of the Issuer, the same could reasonably be expected to prejudice the 
qualification of the Notes as: 
(a) 
in the case of Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Senior Preferred Notes, MREL Eligible 
Liabilities; or 
(b) 
in the case of Subordinated Notes, Tier 2 instruments of the Issuer, 
or, in the case of Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes only, if and to the 
extent that, in the determination of the Issuer, the same could reasonably be expected to result 
in the Relevant Authority treating a future Reset Date or Interest Payment Date (as applicable) 
as the effective maturity of the Notes, rather than the relevant Maturity Date. 
For the purposes of this Condition 4(e): 
"Adjustment Spread" shall mean a spread (which may be positive or negative) or formula or 
methodology for calculating a spread, which the Independent Adviser or, as the case may be, 
the Issuer (following consultation with the Independent Adviser (if any) but without any 
requirement for the consent or approval of the Noteholders) in each case acting in good faith 
and in a commercially reasonable manner, determines is required to be applied to the Successor 
Rate or the Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) and is the spread, formula or 
methodology which: 
(a) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended in relation to the replacement 
of the Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating 
Body; or 
(b) 
in the case of a Successor Rate for which no such recommendation has been made or 
in the case of an Alternative Reference Rate, the Independent Adviser or, as the case 
may be, the Issuer (following consultation with the Independent Adviser (if any) but 
without any requirement for the consent or approval of the Noteholders) in each case 
acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, determines is recognised 
or acknowledged as being in customary market usage in international debt capital 
markets transactions which reference the Original Reference Rate, where such rate has 
been replaced by the Successor Rate or the Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable); 
or 
(c) 
if no such customary market usage is recognised or acknowledged, the Independent 
Adviser or, as the case may be, the Issuer (following consultation with the Independent 
Adviser (if any) but without any requirement for the consent or approval of the 
Noteholders), in each case in its discretion and acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner, determines to be appropriate; 
"Alternative Reference Rate" means the rate that the Independent Adviser or, as the case may 
be, the Issuer determines has replaced the Original Reference Rate in customary market usage 
in the international debt capital markets for the purposes of determining rates of interest (or the 
relevant component part thereof) for a commensurate period and in the same Specified 
Currency as the Notes, or, if the Independent Adviser or, as the case may be, the Issuer 
determines that there is no such rate, such other rate as the Independent Adviser or, as the case

--- Page 151 ---
151 
 
may be, the Issuer determines in its discretion is most comparable to the Original Reference 
Rate; 
"Benchmark Event" means: 
(a) 
the Original Reference Rate ceasing to be published for a period of at least five 
Business Days or ceasing to exist or be administered; or 
(b) 
the later of (A) the making of a public statement by the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate stating that it will on or prior to a specified date cease to publish the 
Original Reference Rate, permanently or indefinitely (in circumstances where no 
successor administrator has been appointed that will continue publication of the 
Original Reference Rate) and (B) the date falling six months prior to the specified date 
referred to in (b)(A); or 
(c) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate stating that the Original Reference Rate has been permanently or 
indefinitely discontinued; or 
(d) 
the later of (A) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator 
of the Original Reference Rate stating that the Original Reference Rate will, on or 
before a specified date, be permanently or indefinitely discontinued and (B) the date 
falling six months prior to the specified date referred to in (d)(A); or 
(e) 
the later of (A) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator 
of the Original Reference Rate stating that the Original Reference Rate will be 
prohibited from being used or that its use will be subject to restrictions or adverse 
consequences, in each case on or before a specified date and (B) the date falling six 
months prior to the specified date referred to in (e)(A); or 
(f) 
it has, or will on or prior to a specified date within the following six months, become 
unlawful for the Issuer or the Agent, as the case may be, to calculate any payments due 
to be made to the holders of the Notes using the Original Reference Rate; or 
(g) 
the later of (A) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator 
of the Original Reference Rate announcing that the Original Reference Rate is no 
longer representative or may no longer be used or will, on or before a specified date 
within the following six months, be no longer representative or no longer permitted to 
be used and (B) the date falling six months prior to the specified date referred to in 
(g)(A). 
"Independent Adviser" means an independent financial institution of international repute or 
other independent financial adviser experienced in the international debt capital markets, in 
each case selected and appointed by the Issuer; 
"Original Reference Rate" means the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) originally 
specified for the purpose of determining the relevant Rate of Interest (or any relevant 
component part(s) thereof) applicable to the Notes (or, if applicable, any other successor or 
alternative rate (or component part thereof) determined and applicable to the Notes pursuant to 
the earlier operation of this Condition 4(e)); 
"Relevant Nominating Body" means in respect of a benchmark or screen rate (as applicable):

--- Page 152 ---
152 
 
(a) 
the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) 
relates, or any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for 
supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable); or 
(b) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted 
at the request of (A) the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen 
rate (as applicable) relates, (B) any central bank or other supervisory authority which 
is responsible for supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable), (C) a group of the aforementioned central banks or other supervisory 
authorities or (D) the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof; and 
"Successor Rate" means the rate that the Independent Adviser or, as the case may be, the Issuer 
determines is a successor to, or replacement of, the Original Reference Rate which is formally 
recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body. 
5. 
Payments 
(a) 
Method of Payment 
Subject as provided below: 
(i) 
payments in a Specified Currency other than Euro will be made by credit or transfer to an 
account in the relevant Specified Currency maintained by the payee with a bank in the principal 
financial centre of the country of such Specified Currency (which, if the Specified Currency is 
Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars, shall be Sydney or Auckland, respectively); and 
(ii) 
payments in Euro will be made by credit or transfer to a Euro account (or any other account to 
which Euro may be credited or transferred) specified by the payee. 
Payments will be subject in all cases, but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 7, to 
(i) any fiscal or other laws and regulations applicable thereto in any jurisdiction, and (ii) any 
withholding or deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of 
the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the "Code"), or otherwise imposed pursuant to 
Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or agreements thereunder, any official 
interpretations thereof, or (without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 7) any law 
implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto. Any such amounts withheld or deducted 
will be treated as paid for all purposes under the Notes, and no additional amounts will be paid 
on the Notes with respect to any such withholding or deduction. 
(b) 
Payments in respect of Notes 
Payments in respect of the Notes will be made by transfer to the registered account of the 
Noteholders maintained by or on behalf of it with a bank that processes payments in Euro, 
details of which appear in the records of the relevant Affiliated Member of Interbolsa at the 
close of business on the Payment Business Day (as defined below) before the due date for 
payment of principal and/or interest. 
"Payment Business Day" means a day which (subject to Condition 8): 
(i) 
is or falls before the due date for payment of principal and or interest; and 
(ii) 
is a day on which T2 is open ("T2 Settlement Day"). 
(c) 
Payment Day

--- Page 153 ---
153 
 
If the date for payment of any amount in respect of any Note is not a Payment Day, the holder 
thereof shall not be entitled to payment until the next following Payment Day in the relevant 
place and shall not be entitled to further interest or other payment in respect of such delay. For 
these purposes, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, "Payment Day" 
means any day which (subject to Condition 8) is: 
(i) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open 
for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in 
each Additional Financial Centre (other than T2) specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(ii) 
if T2 is specified as an Additional Financial Centre in the applicable Final Terms, a T2 
Settlement Day; and 
(iii) 
either (A) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than Euro, a day on 
which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the 
principal financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified Currency (which, if the 
Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars, shall be Sydney or Auckland, 
respectively) or (B) in relation to any sum payable in Euro, a day on which T2 is open. 
(d) 
Interpretation of Principal and Interest 
Any reference in these Terms and Conditions to principal in respect of the Notes shall be 
deemed to include, as applicable: 
(i) 
any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to principal under Condition 7(a); 
(ii) 
the Final Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(iii) 
the Early Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(iv) 
the Clean-up Call Option Amount (if any) of the Notes; 
(v) 
the Optional Redemption Amounts (if any) of the Notes; 
(vi) 
in relation to Zero Coupon Notes, the Amortised Face Amount (as defined in Condition 6(h)); 
and 
(vii) 
any premium and any other amounts (other than interest) which may be payable by the Issuer 
under or in respect of the Notes. 
Any reference in these Terms and Conditions to interest in respect of the Notes shall be deemed 
to include, as applicable, any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to interest 
under Condition 7(a). 
6. 
Redemption and Purchase 
(a) 
Redemption at Maturity 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as specified below, each Note will be 
redeemed by the Issuer at its Final Redemption Amount specified in the applicable Final Terms

--- Page 154 ---
154 
 
in the relevant Specified Currency on the Maturity Date specified in the applicable Final 
Terms19. 
(b) 
Redemption for Tax Reasons 
Subject to Condition 6(m), in relation to any Series of Notes in respect of which the applicable 
Final Terms specify that this Condition 6(b) is "Applicable", the Notes may be redeemed at the 
option of the Issuer in whole, but not in part, at any time (if this Note is not a Floating Rate 
Note) or on any Interest Payment Date (if this Note is a Floating Rate Note), on giving not less 
than the minimum period and not more than the maximum period of notice specified in the 
applicable Final Terms20 to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 12 (which notice 
shall be irrevocable), if: 
(i) 
on the occasion of the next payment due under the Notes, the Issuer has or will become obliged 
to pay additional amounts as provided or referred to in Condition 7(a) as a result of any change 
in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of a Tax Jurisdiction (as defined in Condition 7(a)) 
or any change in the application or official interpretation of such laws or regulations, which 
change or amendment becomes effective on or after the Issue Date of the last Tranche of the 
Notes; and 
(ii) 
such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures available to it, 
provided that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than 90 days prior to the 
earliest date on which the Issuer would be obliged to pay such additional amounts were a 
payment in respect of the Notes then due. 
Prior to the publication of any such notice of redemption as referred to in the previous 
paragraph, the Issuer shall deliver to the Agent to make available at its specified office (i) a 
certificate signed by two Directors of the Issuer stating that the Issuer is entitled to effect such 
redemption and setting forth a statement of facts showing that the conditions precedent to the 
right of the Issuer to so redeem have occurred, and (ii) an opinion of independent legal advisers 
of recognised standing to the effect that the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay such 
additional amounts as a result of such change or amendment. 
Notes redeemed pursuant to this Condition 6(b) will be redeemed at their Early Redemption 
Amount referred to in Condition 6(h) below together (if appropriate) with interest accrued to 
(but excluding) the date of redemption. 
In relation to any Series of Subordinated Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes, the Notes may 
also be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but not in part, at their Early Redemption 
Amount as set out in the applicable Final Terms together with unpaid interest accrued to (but 
excluding) the date of redemption, at any time on the Issuer giving not less than the minimum 
period and not more than the maximum period of notice specified in the applicable Final Terms1 
to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 12 (which notice shall be irrevocable) if, at 
any time after the Issue Date of the last Tranche of the Notes, the Issuer determines that it would 
not be entitled to claim a deduction in computing taxation liabilities in respect of the next 
interest payment to be made on the Notes or the value of such deduction to the Issuer would be 
reduced in either case as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of 
any Tax Jurisdiction, or any change in the application or official interpretation of such laws or 
                                                     
19  Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Senior Preferred Notes must have a maturity of one year or more. 
20  When setting notice periods, the Issuer is advised to consider the practicalities of distribution of information through intermediaries, 
for example, clearing systems and custodians, as well as any other notice requirements which may apply, for example, as between the 
Issuer and the Agent.

--- Page 155 ---
155 
 
regulations, which change or amendment becomes effective on or after the Issue Date of the 
last Tranche of the Notes. 
Prior to the publication of any such notice of redemption as referred to in the previous paragraph 
in respect of Notes, the Issuer shall deliver to the Agent to make available at its specified office 
to the Noteholders a certificate signed by two Directors of the Issuer stating that the Issuer is 
entitled to effect such redemption and setting forth a statement of facts showing that the 
conditions precedent to the right of the Issuer to so redeem (including those set out in Condition 
6(m) below) have occurred. 
(c) 
Redemption upon the occurrence of a Capital Event 
Subject to Condition 6(m), in relation to any Series of Subordinated Notes, the Notes may be 
redeemed at the option of the Issuer, in whole but not in part, at their Early Redemption Amount 
as set out in the applicable Final Terms together with unpaid interest accrued to (but excluding) 
the date of redemption, at any time on the Issuer giving not less than the minimum period and 
not more than the maximum period of notice specified in the applicable Final Terms21 to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 12 (which notice shall be irrevocable), if, at any time 
after the Issue Date of the last Tranche of the Notes, the Issuer determines that there is a Capital 
Event. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition 6(c) in respect 
of Notes, the Issuer shall deliver to the Agent to make available at its specified office to the 
Noteholders a certificate signed by two Directors of the Issuer stating that the Issuer is entitled 
to effect such redemption and setting forth a statement of facts showing that the conditions 
precedent to the right of the Issuer to so redeem (including those set out in Condition 6(m) 
below) have occurred. 
For the purposes of these Conditions: 
"Applicable Banking Regulations" means at any time the laws, regulations, requirements, 
guidelines and policies relating to capital adequacy then in effect in Portugal and applicable to 
the Issuer, including, without limitation to the generality of the foregoing, those regulations, 
requirements, guidelines and policies relating to capital adequacy then in effect of the Relevant 
Authority and/or any regulation, directive or other binding rules, standards or decisions adopted 
by the institutions of the European Union; 
"Capital Event" means the determination by the Issuer after consultation with the Relevant 
Authority that all or any part of the Notes are not eligible for inclusion in the Tier 2 instruments 
of the Group or the Issuer pursuant to Applicable Banking Regulations (other than as a result 
of any applicable limitation on the amount of such capital as applicable to the Group or the 
Issuer, as the case may be). For the avoidance of doubt, any amortisation of the Notes pursuant 
to Article 64 of the Regulation (EU) No. 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 26 June 2013 on prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment firms 
amending Regulation (EU) No. 648/2012, (or any equivalent or successor provision) shall not 
constitute a Capital Event; 
"Group" means together the Issuer and its subsidiaries; and 
                                                     
21  When setting notice periods, the Issuer is advised to consider the practicalities of distribution of information through intermediaries, 
for example, clearing systems and custodians, as well as any other notice requirements which may apply, for example, as between the 
Issuer and the Agent.

--- Page 156 ---
156 
 
"Relevant Authority" means (in the case of Subordinated Notes) Banco de Portugal, the 
European Central Bank or such other authority (whether in Portugal or elsewhere) having 
primary responsibility for prudential supervision of the Issuer and (in the case of Senior Non-
Preferred Notes and Senior Preferred Notes) the Relevant Resolution Authority (as defined in 
Condition 16). 
(d) 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer (Issuer Call) 
This Condition 6(d) applies to Notes which are subject to redemption prior to the Maturity Date 
at the option of the Issuer (other than for taxation reasons or upon the occurrence of a Capital 
Event (in the case of Subordinated Notes)  or upon the occurrence of an MREL Disqualification 
Event (in the case of Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Senior Notes in respect of which the 
applicable Final Terms specify that Condition 6(g) is "Applicable") or where Clean-up Call 
Option is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms (in the case of Subordinated 
Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Senior Preferred Notes)), such option being referred to 
as an "Issuer Call". The applicable Final Terms contains provisions applicable to any Issuer 
Call and must be read in conjunction with this Condition 6(d) for full information on any Issuer 
Call. In particular, the applicable Final Terms will identify the Optional Redemption Date(s), 
the Optional Redemption Amount(s), any minimum or maximum amount of Notes which can 
be redeemed and the applicable notice periods. 
Subject to Condition 6(m), if Issuer Call is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, the Issuer may, having given not less than the minimum period nor more than the 
maximum period of notice specified in the applicable Final Terms2 to Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 12 (which notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed 
for redemption), redeem all or some only of the Notes then outstanding on the Optional 
Redemption Date(s) and at the Optional Redemption Amount(s) specified in the applicable 
Final Terms together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the Optional 
Redemption Date(s). Any such redemption must be of a nominal amount not less than the 
Minimum Redemption Amount and not more than the Higher Redemption Amount, in each 
case as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(e) 
Partial Redemption 
In case of a partial redemption of Notes the nominal amount of all outstanding Book Entry 
Notes will be reduced proportionally. 
(f) 
Redemption at the Option of the Noteholders (Investor Put)22 
This Condition 6(f) applies only to Notes other than Subordinated Notes and references in this 
Condition 6(f) to "Notes" and "Noteholders" shall be construed accordingly. 
This Condition 6(f)applies to Notes which are subject to redemption prior to the Maturity Date 
at the option of the Noteholder, such option being referred to as an "Investor Put". The 
applicable Final Terms contains provisions applicable to any Investor Put and must be read in 
conjunction with this Condition 6(f) for full information on any Investor Put. In particular, the 
applicable Final Terms will identify the Optional Redemption Date(s), the Optional 
Redemption Amount(s), any minimum or maximum amount of Notes which can be redeemed 
and the applicable notice periods. 
If Investor Put is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, upon the holder 
of any Note giving to the Issuer in accordance with Condition 12 not less than the minimum 
                                                     
22  Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Senior Preferred Notes must not have a put option date earlier than one year after the Issue Date.

--- Page 157 ---
157 
 
period nor more than the maximum period of notice specified in the applicable Final Terms23 
(which notice shall be irrevocable), the Issuer will, upon the expiry of such notice, redeem such 
Note on the Optional Redemption Date and at the Optional Redemption Amount specified in 
the applicable Final Terms together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the 
Optional Redemption Date. 
To exercise the right to require redemption of this Note the holder of this Note must deliver a 
notice to the Agent in accordance with the standard procedures of Interbolsa stating the 
principal amount of the Notes in respect of which such option is exercised (a "Put Notice") to 
the specified office of the Agent at any time within the notice period during normal business 
hours of the Agent. In the Put Notice the relevant Noteholder must specify a bank account to 
which payment is to be made under this Condition 6. 
Any Put Notice given by a holder of any Note pursuant to this Condition 6(f) shall be 
irrevocable except where prior to the due date of redemption an Event of Default shall have 
occurred and be continuing in which event such holder, at its option, may elect by notice to the 
Issuer to withdraw the notice given pursuant to this Condition 6(f) and instead to declare such 
Note forthwith due and repayable pursuant to Condition 9. 
(g) 
Redemption of Senior Non-Preferred Notes and certain Senior Notes due to an MREL 
Disqualification Event 
Subject to Condition 6(m), in relation to any Series of Senior Non-Preferred Notes or any Senior 
Notes in respect of which the applicable Final Terms specify that this Condition 6(g) is 
"Applicable", the Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer, in whole but not in part, 
at their Early Redemption Amount as set out in the applicable Final Terms together with unpaid 
interest accrued to (but excluding) the date of redemption, at any time on the Issuer giving not 
less than the minimum period and not more than the maximum period of notice specified in the 
applicable Final Terms24 to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 12 (which notice 
shall be irrevocable), if, at any time after the Issue Date of the last Tranche of Notes an MREL 
Disqualification Event has occurred. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition 6(g)in respect of 
Notes, the Issuer shall deliver to the Agent to make available at its specified office to the 
Noteholders a certificate signed by two Directors of the Issuer stating that the Issuer is entitled 
to effect such redemption and setting forth a statement of facts showing that the conditions 
precedent to the right of the Issuer to so redeem (including those set out in Condition 6(m) 
below) have occurred. 
For the purposes of these Conditions: 
An "MREL Disqualification Event" shall occur if, as a result of any amendment to, or change 
in, any Applicable MREL Regulations, or any change in the application or official 
interpretation of any Applicable MREL Regulations, in any such case becoming effective on 
or after the Issue Date of the last Tranche of Notes, the Issuer (after consultation with the 
Relevant Authority) determines that the Notes are: 
                                                     
23  When setting notice periods, the Issuer is advised to consider the practicalities of distribution of information through intermediaries, 
for example, clearing systems and custodians, as well as any other notice requirements which may apply, for example, as between the 
Issuer and the Agent. 
24  When setting notice periods, the Issuer is advised to consider the practicalities of distribution of information through intermediaries, 
for example, clearing systems and custodians, as well as any other notice requirements which may apply, for example, as between the 
Issuer and the Agent.

--- Page 158 ---
158 
 
(i) 
if "MREL Disqualification Event –Full Exclusion" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
fully excluded; or 
(ii) 
if "MREL Disqualification Event – Full or Partial Exclusion" is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, fully or partially excluded, 
in each case, from the MREL Eligible Liabilities of the Issuer or the Resolution Group 
determined in accordance with, and pursuant to, the Applicable MREL Regulations; provided 
that an MREL Disqualification Event shall not occur: 
(A) 
where the exclusion of the Notes from the relevant minimum requirement(s) is due to 
the remaining maturity of the Notes being less than any period prescribed by any 
applicable eligibility criteria for such minimum requirements under the Applicable 
MREL Regulations effective with respect to the Issuer or the Resolution Group on the 
Issue Date of the last Tranche of Notes; or 
(B) 
as a result of any applicable limitation on the amount of liabilities of the Issuer that 
may qualify as MREL Eligible Liabilities of the Issuer or the Resolution Group 
"Applicable MREL Regulations" means, at any time, the laws, regulations, requirements, 
guidelines, rules, standards and policies relating to the MREL Requirement then in effect and 
applicable to the Issuer or the Resolution Group including, without limitation to the generality 
of the foregoing, any delegated or implementing acts (such as regulatory technical standards) 
adopted by the European Commission and any regulations, requirements, guidelines, rules, 
standards and policies relating to the MREL Requirement adopted by the Relevant Authority 
from time to time (whether or not such regulations, requirements, guidelines, rules, standards 
or policies have force of law and whether or not they are applied generally or specifically to the 
Issuer or the Resolution Group); 
"MREL Eligible Liabilities" means "eligible liabilities" (or any equivalent or successor term) 
which are available to meet any MREL Requirement (however called or defined by then 
Applicable MREL Regulations) of the Issuer or the Resolution Group under Applicable MREL 
Regulations; 
"MREL Requirement" means the requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities, which is 
or, as the case may be, will be, applicable to the Issuer or the Resolution Group; and 
"Resolution Group" means together the Issuer and those of its subsidiaries in respect of which 
the Issuer is required maintain a consolidated minimum amount of own funds and eligible 
liabilities. 
(h) 
Early Redemption Amounts 
For the purpose of Conditions 6(b), 6(c) and 6(e) above and Condition 9, the Notes will be 
redeemed at the Early Redemption Amount calculated as follows: 
(i) 
in the case of Notes with a Final Redemption Amount equal to the Issue Price, at the Final 
Redemption Amount thereof; or 
(ii) 
in the case of Notes (other than Zero Coupon Notes) with a Final Redemption Amount which 
is or may be less or greater than the Issue Price or which is payable in a Specified Currency 
other than that in which the Notes are denominated, at the amount specified in the applicable 
Final Terms or, if no such amount or manner is so specified in the Final Terms, at their nominal 
amount; or

--- Page 159 ---
159 
 
(iii) 
in the case of Zero Coupon Notes, at an amount (the "Amortised Face Amount") calculated 
in accordance with the following formula: 
Early Redemption Amount = RP x (1 + AY)y 
where: 
"RP" means the Reference Price; 
"AY" means the Accrual Yield expressed as a decimal; and 
"y" is the Day Count Fraction specified in the applicable Final Terms which will be either 
(A) 30/360 (in which case the numerator will be equal to the number of days (calculated on the 
basis of a 360-day year consisting of 12 months of 30 days each) from (and including) the Issue 
Date of the first Tranche of the Notes to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the 
case may be) the date upon which such Note becomes due and repayable and the denominator 
will be 360) or (B) Actual/360 (in which case the numerator will be equal to the actual number 
of days from (and including) the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes to (but excluding) 
the date fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon which such Note becomes 
due and repayable and the denominator will be 360) or (C) Actual/365 (in which case the 
numerator will be the actual number of days from (and including) the Issue Date of the first 
Tranche of Notes to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the 
date upon which such Note becomes due and repayable an the denominator will be 365). 
(i) 
Clean-up Call Option 
Subject to Condition 6(m), if (i) Clean-up Call Option is specified as being applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms and (ii) the Clean-up Call Minimum Percentage (or more) of the 
nominal amount outstanding of the Notes originally issued has been redeemed or purchased 
and subsequently cancelled in accordance with this Condition 6, the Issuer may, from (and 
including) the Clean-up Call Effective Date, having given not more than the maximum period 
nor less than minimum period of notice specified in the applicable Final Terms to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 12 (which notice shall be irrevocable), at any time 
redeem all (but not some only) of the Notes then outstanding at the Clean-up Call Option 
Amount specified in the applicable Final Terms together, if appropriate, with unpaid interest 
accrued to (but excluding) the date of redemption. 
For the purposes of this Condition 6(i), any further securities issued pursuant to Condition 14 
so as to be consolidated and form a single Series with the Notes outstanding at that time will be 
deemed to have been originally issued. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition 6(i) in respect 
of the Notes, the Issuer shall deliver to the Agent to make available at its specified office to the 
Noteholders a certificate signed by two Directors of the Issuer stating that the Issuer is entitled 
to effect such redemption and setting forth a statement of facts showing that the conditions 
precedent to the right of the Issuer to so redeem (including those set out in Condition 6(m) 
below) have occurred. 
In these Conditions: 
"Clean-up Call Minimum Percentage" means 75 per cent. or such other percentage specified 
in the applicable Final Terms; and

--- Page 160 ---
160 
 
"Clean-up Call Effective Date" means (i) in the case of Senior Preferred Notes and Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes, the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes and (ii) in the case of 
Subordinated Notes, the date specified in the applicable Final Terms or such earlier date as may 
be permitted under the Applicable MREL Regulations and/or the Applicable Banking 
Regulations (as applicable) from time to time. 
(j) 
Purchases 
The Issuer or any other Subsidiary of the Issuer may purchase Notes at any price in the open 
market or otherwise. Such Notes may be held, reissued, resold or, at the option of the Issuer, or 
the relevant Subsidiary, surrendered to the Agent for cancellation. 
For the purpose of these Terms and Conditions, "Subsidiary" means any company which is for 
the time being a subsidiary (within the meaning of Section 736 of the Companies Act 1985) of 
the Issuer. 
(k) 
Cancellation 
All Notes which are redeemed will forthwith be cancelled in accordance with the applicable 
regulations of Interbolsa. All Notes so cancelled shall not be capable of being reissued or resold. 
(l) 
Late Payment on Zero Coupon Notes 
If the amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note upon redemption of such Zero 
Coupon Note pursuant to Conditions 6(a), 6(b), 6(c), 6(d) or 6(f) above or upon its becoming 
due and repayable as provided in Condition 9 is improperly withheld or refused, the amount 
due and repayable in respect of such Zero Coupon Note shall be the amount calculated as 
provided in Condition 6(h)(h)(iii) above as though the references therein to the date fixed for 
the redemption or the date upon which such Zero Coupon Note becomes due and repayable 
were replaced by references to the date which is the earlier of: 
(i) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Zero Coupon Note have been paid; and 
(ii) 
the fifth day after the date on which the full amount of the monies payable has been received 
by the Agent and notice to that effect has been given to the Noteholder either in accordance 
with Condition 12 or individually. 
(m) 
Further Provisions Applicable to Redemption and Purchases of Subordinated Notes, Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes and Senior Preferred Notes 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Issuer shall not be permitted to redeem or purchase any 
Subordinated Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Senior Preferred Notes issued by it prior 
to the Maturity Date unless the following conditions (in each case, if and to the extent then 
required by Applicable Banking Regulations or Applicable MREL Regulations, as applicable) 
are satisfied: 
(i) 
the Issuer has given any requisite notice to the Relevant Authority and has obtained the Relevant 
Authority's prior permission or non-objection to the redemption or purchase (as the case may 
be) of the Notes; 
(ii) 
such redemption or purchase (as the case may be) complies with Applicable Banking 
Regulations or Applicable MREL Regulations, as applicable;

--- Page 161 ---
161 
 
(iii) 
in case of Subordinated Notes only, in the case of any redemption of Notes pursuant to 
Condition 6(b) or Condition 6(c), the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Relevant 
Authority (A) that the circumstances giving rise to the Capital Event or the right to redeem 
under Condition 6(c) were not reasonably foreseeable as at the Issue Date of the most recent 
Tranche of the Notes and that the change in the applicable regulatory classification is 
sufficiently certain or, (B) in the case of Condition 6(b), that the change in the applicable tax 
treatment is material and was not reasonably foreseeable as at the Issue Date of the most recent 
Tranche of the Notes; and 
(iv) 
in case of Subordinated Notes only, Notes may be purchased or redeemed by the Issuer prior 
to the fifth anniversary of the Issue Date only if then permitted by Applicable Banking 
Regulations and authorised by the Relevant Authority. 
(n) 
Substitution and Variation of Subordinated Notes 
This Condition 6(n) applies only to Subordinated Notes and references in this Condition 6(n) 
to "Notes" and "Noteholders" shall be construed accordingly. 
If "Substitution and Variation" is specified as being applicable in the relevant Final Terms, and 
a Capital Event or any of the events described in Condition 6(b) has occurred and is continuing, 
or in order to ensure the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 16(d), the Issuer (in its 
sole discretion but subject as set out below), having given not more than the maximum period 
of notice nor less than the minimum period of notice specified in the applicable Final Terms 
(which notice shall be irrevocable) to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 12, may, 
without any requirement for the consent or approval of the Noteholders, either substitute all 
(but not some only) of the Notes for, or vary the terms of the Notes (including changing the 
governing law of Condition 16(d) from English law to Portuguese law or any other European 
law that, after consultation with the Relevant Authority, the Issuer considers allows the 
Subordinated Notes to remain or become Tier 2 Compliant Notes) so that the Notes remain or, 
as appropriate, become, Tier 2 Compliant Notes. Upon the expiry of such notice, the Issuer 
shall either vary the terms of the Notes or, as the case may be, substitute the Notes in accordance 
with this Condition 6(n). 
In connection with any substitution or variation in accordance with this Condition 6(n), the 
Issuer shall comply with the rules of any stock exchange on which such Notes are for the time 
being listed or admitted to trading. 
Any substitution or variation in accordance with this Condition 6(n) is subject to the following 
conditions: 
(i) 
such substitution or variation must be permitted by, and conducted in accordance with, any 
applicable requirement of the Relevant Authority or under the Applicable Banking Regulations 
(including, without limitation, any required approvals); and 
(ii) 
such substitution or variation shall not result in any event or circumstance which at or around 
that time gives the Issuer a redemption right in respect of the Notes. 
As used herein: 
(A) 
"Rating Agency" means each of Moody's Investors Service España, S.A., S&P Global 
Ratings Europe Limited and Fitch Ratings Limited and each of their respective 
affiliates or successors and any entity that is part of DBRS Group and any successor to 
the relevant rating agency; and

--- Page 162 ---
162 
 
(B) 
"Tier 2 Compliant Notes" means securities that comply with the following: 
(1) 
are issued by the Issuer or any wholly-owned direct or indirect subsidiary of 
Issuer with a subordinated guarantee of such obligations by the Issuer; 
(2) 
rank equally with the ranking of the relevant Notes; 
(3) 
other than in the case of a change to the governing law of Condition 16(d) to 
Portuguese law (or other such law as set out above) in order to ensure the 
effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 16(d), have terms not materially 
less favourable to Noteholders than the terms of the relevant Notes (as 
reasonably determined by the Issuer in consultation with an independent 
adviser of recognised standing); 
(4) 
(without prejudice to (3) above) (i) contain terms such that they comply with 
the applicable regulatory capital requirements in relation to Tier 2 instruments 
pursuant to Applicable Banking Regulations; (ii) bear the same rate of interest 
from time to time applying to the relevant Notes and preserve the same Interest 
Payment Dates; (iii) do not contain terms providing for mandatory deferral or 
cancellation of payments of interest and/or principal; (iv) preserve the 
obligations (including the obligations arising from the exercise of any right) of 
the Issuer as to redemption of the relevant Notes, including (without limitation) 
as to timing of, and amounts payable upon, such redemption; (v) do not contain 
terms providing for loss absorption through principal write-down or 
conversion to ordinary shares (but without prejudice to any acknowledgement 
of statutory resolution powers substantially similar to Condition 16(d)); and 
(vi) preserve any existing rights to any accrued and unpaid interest and any 
other amounts payable under the relevant Notes which has accrued to 
Noteholders and not been paid; 
(5) 
are listed on the same stock exchange or market (if any) as the relevant Notes; 
and 
(6) 
where the relevant Notes which have been substituted or varied had a published 
rating solicited by the Issuer from one or more Rating Agencies immediately 
prior to their substitution or variation, benefit from (or will, as announced by 
each such Rating Agency, benefit from) an equal or higher published rating 
from each such Rating Agency as that which applied to the relevant Notes, 
unless any downgrade is solely attributable to a change to the governing law 
of Condition 16(d) in order to ensure the effectiveness and enforceability of 
Condition 16(d). 
(o) 
Substitution and Variation of Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Senior Notes 
This Condition 6(o) applies only to Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Senior Notes and references 
in this Condition 6(o) to "Notes" and "Noteholders" shall be construed accordingly. 
If "Substitution and Variation" is specified as being applicable in the relevant Final Terms, and 
an MREL Disqualification Event has occurred and is continuing, or in order to ensure the 
effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 16(d)), the Issuer (in its sole discretion but subject 
as set out below), having given not more than the maximum period of notice nor less than the 
minimum period of notice specified in the applicable Final Terms (which notice shall be 
irrevocable) to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 12, may, without any requirement

--- Page 163 ---
163 
 
for the consent or approval of the Noteholders, either substitute all (but not some only) of the 
Notes for, or vary the terms of the Notes (including changing the governing law of Condition 
16(d) from English law to Portuguese law or any other European law that, after consultation 
with the Relevant Authority, the Issuer considers allows the Senior Non-Preferred Notes to 
remain or become MREL Compliant Notes) so that the Notes remain or, as appropriate, 
become, MREL Compliant Notes. Upon the expiry of such notice, the Issuer shall either vary 
the terms of the Notes or, as the case may be, substitute the Notes in accordance with this 
Condition 6(o). 
In connection with any substitution or variation in accordance with this Condition 6(o), the 
Issuer shall comply with the rules of any stock exchange on which such Notes are for the time 
being listed or admitted to trading. 
Any substitution or variation in accordance with this Condition 6(o) is subject to the following 
conditions: 
(i) 
such substitution or variation must be permitted by, and conducted in accordance with, any 
applicable requirement of the Relevant Authority or under the Applicable MREL Regulations 
(including, without limitation, any required approvals or non-objections); and 
(ii) 
such substitution or variation shall not result in any event or circumstance which at or around 
that time gives the Issuer a redemption right in respect of the Notes. 
As used herein: 
(A) 
"Rating Agency" means each of Moody's Investors Service España, S.A., S&P Global 
Ratings Europe Limited and Fitch Ratings Limited and each of their respective 
affiliates or successors and any entity that is part of DBRS Group and any successor to 
the relevant rating agency; and 
(B) 
"MREL Compliant Notes" means securities that comply with the following: 
(1) 
are issued by the Issuer; 
(2) 
rank equally with the ranking of the relevant Notes; 
(3) 
other than in the case of a change to the governing law of Condition 16(d) to 
Portuguese law (or other such law as set out above) in order to ensure the 
effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 16(d), have terms not materially 
less favourable to Noteholders than the terms of the relevant Notes (as 
reasonably determined by the Issuer in consultation with an independent 
adviser of recognised standing); 
(4) 
(without prejudice to (3) above) (i) contain terms such that they comply with 
Applicable MREL Regulations; (ii) bear the same rate of interest from time to 
time applying to the relevant Notes and preserve the same Interest Payment 
Dates; (iii) do not contain terms providing for mandatory deferral or 
cancellation of payments of interest and/or principal; (iv) preserve the 
obligations (including the obligations arising from the exercise of any right) of 
the Issuer as to redemption of the relevant Notes, including (without limitation) 
as to timing of, and amounts payable upon, such redemption; (v) do not contain 
terms providing for loss absorption through principal write-down or 
conversion to ordinary shares (but without prejudice to any acknowledgement

--- Page 164 ---
164 
 
of statutory resolution powers substantially similar to Condition 16(d)); and 
(vi) preserve any existing rights to any accrued and unpaid interest and any 
other amounts payable under the relevant Notes which has accrued to 
Noteholders and not been paid; 
(5) 
are listed on the same stock exchange or market (if any) as the relevant Notes; 
and 
(6) 
where the relevant Notes which have been substituted or varied had a published 
rating solicited by the Issuer from one or more Rating Agencies immediately 
prior to their substitution or variation, benefit from (or will, as announced by 
each such Rating Agency, benefit from) an equal or higher published rating 
from each such Rating Agency as that which applied to the relevant Notes, 
unless any downgrade is solely attributable to a change to the governing law 
of Condition 16(d) in order to ensure the effectiveness and enforceability of 
Condition 16(d). 
7. 
Taxation 
(a) 
All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes by the Issuer will be made without 
withholding or deduction for or on account of any present or future taxes or duties of whatever 
nature imposed or levied by or on behalf of any Tax Jurisdiction unless such withholding or 
deduction is required by law. In such event, the Issuer will pay such additional amounts as shall 
be necessary in order that the net amounts received by the holders of the Notes after such 
withholding or deduction shall equal the respective amounts of principal and interest which 
would otherwise have been receivable in respect of the Notes in the absence of such withholding 
or deduction; except that no such additional amounts shall be payable with respect to any Note: 
(i) 
presented for payment by or on behalf of, a Noteholder who is liable for such taxes or duties in 
respect of such Note by reason of the Noteholder having some connection with a Tax 
Jurisdiction other than the mere holding of such Note; and/or 
(ii) 
presented for payment by or on behalf of a Noteholder who is able to avoid such withholding 
or deduction by making a declaration of non-residence or other claim for exemption to the 
relevant tax authority; and/or 
(iii) 
presented for payment by or on behalf of, a Noteholder in respect of whom the information and 
documentation (which may include certificates) required in order to comply with the special 
regime approved by Decree-Law No. 193/2005, of 7 November 2005 as amended from time to 
time, and any implementing legislation, is not received before the Relevant Date; and/or 
(iv) 
presented for payment by or on behalf of, a Noteholder (A) in respect of whom the information 
and documentation required by Portuguese law in order to comply with any applicable tax treaty 
is not received by the Issuer or by the Agent directly from the relevant Noteholder before the 
date by which such documentation is to be provided to the Issuer under Portuguese law, and 
(B) who is resident in one of the contracting states; and/or 
(v) 
presented for payment by or on behalf of a Noteholder resident in a tax haven jurisdiction as 
defined in Ministerial Order No. 150/2004, of 13 February 2004, as amended from time to time, 
with the exception of (i) central banks and governmental agencies as well as international 
institutions recognised by the Relevant Jurisdiction of those tax havens and (ii) residents in tax 
havens which have a double taxation treaty in force or a tax information exchange agreement

--- Page 165 ---
165 
 
in force with Portugal, provided that all procedures and all information required under Decree-
Law no. 193/2005 regarding (i) and (ii) above are complied with ; and/or 
(vi) 
presented for payment more than 30 days after the Relevant Date (as defined below) except to 
the extent that the holder thereof would have been entitled to an additional amount on presenting 
the same for payment on such thirtieth day assuming that day to have been a Payment Day (as 
defined in Condition 5(c)); and/or 
(vii) 
where such withholding or deduction is required to be made pursuant to Sections 1471 through 
1474 of the Code or any regulations or agreements thereunder, official interpretations thereof, 
or law implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto; and/or 
(viii) 
presented for payment into an account held on behalf of undisclosed beneficial owners where 
such beneficial owners are not disclosed for purposes of payment and such disclosure is 
required by law. 
As used herein: 
(A) 
"Tax Jurisdiction" means Portugal or any political subdivision or any authority thereof 
or therein having power to tax or any other jurisdiction or any political subdivision or 
any authority thereof or therein having power to tax to which the Issuer becomes 
subject in respect of payments made by it of principal and interest on the Notes; and 
(B) 
the "Relevant Date" means the date on which such payment first becomes due, except 
that, if the full amount of the monies payable has not been duly received by the Agent 
on or prior to such due date, it means the date on which, the full amount of such monies 
having been so received, notice to that effect is duly given to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 12. 
(b) 
This Condition 7(b) shall only apply to Subordinated Notes and, if Condition 7(b) is specified 
as "Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms, to Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Senior Notes. 
Notwithstanding Condition 7(a), any obligation to pay additional amounts provided for therein 
will be limited to payments of interest in respect of Subordinated Notes and, if Condition 7(b) 
is specified as "Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms, the relevant Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes or (as applicable) the relevant Senior Notes. 
8. 
Prescription 
The Notes will become void unless presented for payment within a period of 10 years (in the 
case of principal) and five years (in the case of interest) after the Relevant Date (as defined in 
Condition 7(a)) therefor. 
9. 
Events of Default 
(a) 
Events of Default relating to certain Senior Notes 
If the Notes are specified as Senior Notes in the applicable Final Terms and the applicable Final 
Terms specify that this Condition 9(a) is "Applicable" and if any one or more of the following 
events (each an "Event of Default") shall occur: 
(i) 
default is made for a period of 14 days or more in the payment of any principal or interest due 
in respect of the Notes or any of them after the due date therefor; or

--- Page 166 ---
166 
 
(ii) 
the Issuer fails to perform or observe any of its other obligations in respect of the Notes or under 
the Instrument and except where such default is not capable of remedy where no such 
continuation or notice as is hereinafter referred to will be required) such failure continues for 
the period of 30 days after notice has been given to the Issuer by a Noteholder requiring the 
same to be remedied; or 
(iii) 
the repayment of any indebtedness owing by the Issuer is accelerated by reason of default and 
such acceleration has not been rescinded or annulled, or the Issuer defaults (after whichever is 
the longer of any originally applicable period of grace and 14 days after the due date) in any 
payment of any indebtedness or in the honouring of any guarantee or indemnity in respect of 
any indebtedness provided that no such event referred to in this sub-paragraph (iii) shall 
constitute an Event of Default unless the indebtedness whether alone or when aggregated with 
other indebtedness relating to all (if any) other such events which shall have occurred shall 
exceed USD 25,000,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency or currencies) or, if greater, an 
amount equal to 1% of the Issuer's Shareholders' Funds (as defined below); or 
(iv) 
any order shall be made by any competent court or an effective resolution passed for the 
winding-up or dissolution of the Issuer (other than for the purpose of an amalgamation, merger 
or reconstruction previously approved by an Extraordinary Resolution of the Noteholders); or 
(v) 
the Issuer shall cease to carry on the whole or substantially the whole of its business (other than 
for the purpose of an amalgamation, merger or reconstruction previously approved by an 
Extraordinary Resolution of the Noteholders); or 
(vi) 
the Issuer shall stop payment or shall be unable to, or shall admit inability to, pay its debts as 
they fall due, or shall be adjudicated or found bankrupt or insolvent by a court of competent 
jurisdiction or shall make a conveyance or assignment for the benefit of, or shall enter into any 
composition or other arrangement with, its creditors generally; or 
(vii) 
the Issuer sells, transfers, lends or otherwise disposes of the whole or a substantial part of its 
undertaking or assets (including shareholdings in its Subsidiaries or associated companies) and 
such disposal is substantial in relation to the assets of the Issuer and its Subsidiaries as a whole, 
other than selling, transferring, lending or otherwise disposing on an arm's length basis 
then, any Noteholder may give notice to the Issuer and to the Agent at their respective specified 
offices, effective upon the date of receipt thereof by the Agent, that the Notes held by such 
Noteholder(s) are, and they shall accordingly thereby forthwith become, immediately due and 
repayable at their Early Redemption Amount (as described in Condition (h) together with 
accrued interest (as provided in the Instrument)). 
As used above, "Issuer's Shareholders' Funds" means, at any relevant time, a sum equal to 
the aggregate of the Issuer's shareholders' equity as certified by the Directors of the Issuer. 
(b) 
Events of Default and Enforcement relating to Subordinated Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
and certain Senior Notes 
This Condition 9(b) applies only to Subordinated Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes and 
Senior Notes in respect of which the applicable Final Terms specify that this Condition 9(b) is 
"Applicable" and in this Condition 9(b) references to "Notes" shall be construed accordingly. 
(i) 
Events of Default

--- Page 167 ---
167 
 
If the Notes are specified as Subordinated Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes in the 
applicable Final Terms or, if the Notes are specified as Senior Notes in the applicable 
Final Terms and the applicable Final Terms specify that this Condition 9(b) is 
"Applicable", any one or more of the following events shall constitute an "Event of 
Default". 
(A) 
If the Issuer does not make a payment for a period of 14 days or more in respect 
of the Notes or any of them after the due date therefor, then any Noteholder 
may in accordance with, and to the extent permitted by, then applicable law 
institute (or apply for the institution of) proceedings for the winding-up of the 
Issuer, but may take no other action in respect of such default. 
(B) 
If any order shall be made by any competent authority or an effective resolution 
passed for the winding-up or dissolution of the Issuer (other than for the 
purposes of an amalgamation, merger or reconstruction on terms previously 
approved by an Extraordinary Resolution of the Noteholders), then any 
Noteholder may (X) prove and/or claim in such winding-up or dissolution and 
(Y) give notice to the Issuer and to the Agent at their respective specified 
offices, effective upon the date of receipt thereof by the Agent that the Notes 
held by such Noteholder(s) are, and they shall accordingly thereby forthwith 
become, immediately due and repayable at their Early Redemption Amount (as 
described in Condition (h)) together with accrued interest (as provided in the 
Instrument). 
(ii) 
Enforcement 
Without prejudice and subject to Condition 9(b)(i), and in accordance with and to the 
extent permitted by then applicable law, a Noteholder may at its discretion and without 
notice institute (or apply for the institution of) such steps, actions or proceedings 
against the Issuer as it may think fit to enforce any term or condition binding on the 
Issuer under the Notes (other than any payment obligation of the Issuer under or arising 
from the Notes, including, without limitation, payment of any principal or interest in 
respect of the Notes, including any damages awarded for breach of any obligations), 
provided that,  in no event shall the Issuer be obliged to pay any sum or sums, in cash 
or otherwise, sooner than the same would otherwise have been payable by it pursuant 
to these Conditions (other than in the circumstances described in Condition 9(b)(i)(B)). 
For the avoidance of doubt, nothing in this Condition 9(b)(ii) shall, however, prevent a 
Noteholder from instituting (or applying for the institution of) proceedings for the 
winding-up of the Issuer (in accordance with and to the extent permitted by then 
applicable law) and/or proving and/or claiming in any winding-up or dissolution 
proceedings of the Issuer in respect of any payment obligations of the Issuer arising 
from the Notes in the circumstances described in Condition 9(b)(i). 
(iii) 
Extent of Noteholders' remedy 
No remedy against the Issuer, other than as referred to in this Condition 9(b), shall be 
available to the Noteholders, whether for the recovery of amounts owing in respect of 
the Notes or in respect of the Instrument or any breach by the Issuer of any of its other 
obligations under or in respect of the Notes or the Instrument.

--- Page 168 ---
168 
 
10. 
Form and transfer of Notes generally 
Notes held through accounts of Affiliate Members of Interbolsa will be represented in 
dematerialised book entry form ("forma escritural") and will be "nominativas" (i.e. Interbolsa, 
at the Issuer's request, can ask the Affiliated Members for information regarding the identity of 
the Noteholders and transmit such information to the Issuer). Notes shall not be issued in 
physical form. Notes will be registered in the relevant issue account opened by the Issuer with 
Interbolsa and will be held in control accounts by the Affiliate Members of Interbolsa on behalf 
of the relevant Noteholders. Such control accounts will reflect at all times the aggregate number 
of Notes held in the individual securities accounts opened by the clients of the Affiliate 
Members of Interbolsa (which may include Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg). The 
transfer of Notes and their beneficial interests will be made through Interbolsa. 
11. 
Agent 
The name of the initial Agent and its initial specified office is set out below. If any additional 
agents are appointed in connection with any Series, the names of such agents will be specified 
in the applicable Final Terms. 
The Issuer is entitled to vary or terminate the appointment of any agent and/or appoint 
additional or other agents and/or approve any change in the specified office through which any 
agent acts, provided that there will at all times be an Agent. 
Banco Comercial Português, S.A. will be the Agent. 
In acting under the Agency Terms, the Agent acts solely as agent of the Issuer, and does not 
assume any obligation or relationship of agency or trust to or with the Noteholders, except that 
(without affecting the obligations of the Issuer to the Noteholders to repay Notes and pay 
interest thereon) any funds received by the Agent for the payment of the principal of or interest 
on the Notes shall be held by it on trust for the Noteholders until the expiry of the period of 
prescription specified in Condition 8. The Agency Terms contains provisions for the 
indemnification of the Agent and for its relief from responsibility in certain circumstances and 
entitles it to enter into business transactions with the Issuer and any of its Subsidiaries without 
being liable to account to the Noteholders for any resulting profit. 
12. 
Notices 
All notices regarding the Notes shall be valid if published on the website of the Issuer (being, 
as at the date hereof, www.millenniumbcp.pt) and (so long as the relevant Notes are admitted 
to trading on, and listed on the official list of, Euronext Dublin), any notice shall also be 
published in accordance with any relevant listing rules. The Issuer shall also ensure that notices 
are duly published in a manner which complies with the rules and regulations of any other stock 
exchange (or any other relevant authority) on which the Notes are for the time being listed, 
including publication on the website of the relevant stock exchange or relevant authority if 
required by those rules. Any such notice will be deemed to have been given on the date of 
publication or, if published more than once or on different dates, on the date of the first 
publication. 
Notices to be given by any Noteholder shall be in writing and given by lodging the same with 
the Agent. 
The Issuer shall also comply with the requirements of Interbolsa and of Portuguese law 
generally in respect of notices relating to Notes.

--- Page 169 ---
169 
 
13. 
Meetings of Noteholders, Modification and Waiver 
The Instrument contains provisions for convening meetings (including by way of conference 
call or by use of a videoconference platform) of the Noteholders to consider any matter affecting 
their interests, including the sanctioning by Extraordinary Resolution of a modification of any 
of the provisions of the Notes. A meeting convened pursuant to the provisions of the Instrument, 
may be convened by the Issuer and should be convened by the Issuer upon a requisition by 
Noteholders holding not less than one-tenth in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being 
remaining outstanding. The quorum at any such meeting for passing an Extraordinary 
Resolution will be one or more persons holding or representing not less than a clear majority in 
nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding, or at any adjourned meeting one 
or more persons being or representing Noteholders whatever the nominal amount of the Notes 
so held or represented, except that at any meeting the business of which includes the 
modification of certain provisions of the Notes (including, amongst other things, modifying the 
date of maturity of the Notes or any date for payment of interest thereon, reducing or cancelling 
the amount of principal or the rate of interest payable in respect of the Notes or altering the 
currency of payment of the Notes) or certain provisions of the Instrument, as the case may be, 
the necessary quorum for passing an Extraordinary Resolution will be one or more persons 
holding or representing not less than two-thirds, or at any adjourned such meeting not less than 
one-third, in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding. An Extraordinary 
Resolution passed by the Noteholders will be binding on all the Noteholders, whether or not 
they are present at any meeting. 
The Agent and the Issuer may, without the consent of the Noteholders (and by acquiring the 
Notes, the Noteholders agree that the Agent and the Issuer may, without the consent of the 
Noteholders) make any modification to the provisions of these Terms and Conditions or the 
Instrument which: (i) is not prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders; (ii) is of a formal, 
minor or technical nature; (iii) is made to correct a manifest or proven error; or (iv) is to comply 
with mandatory provisions of any applicable law or regulation. Any such modification so made 
shall be binding on all Noteholders and shall be notified to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 12 as soon as practicable after it has been agreed. Notwithstanding the foregoing, 
any modification of the Terms and Conditions of any Subordinated Notes, Senior Non-
Preferred Notes or Senior Preferred Notes will be subject to the consent of the Relevant 
Authority (in each case, if and to the extent then required by Applicable Banking Regulations 
or Applicable MREL Regulations, as applicable). 
14. 
Further Issues 
The Issuer shall be at liberty from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders to create 
and issue further notes having terms and conditions the same as the Notes or the same in all 
respects save for the amount and date of the first payment of interest thereon and so that the 
same shall be consolidated and form a single Series with the outstanding Notes. 
15. 
Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 
No rights are conferred on any person under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 
to enforce any term of this Note, but this does not affect any right or remedy of any person 
which exists or is available apart from that Act.

--- Page 170 ---
170 
 
16. 
Governing law, submission to jurisdiction and acknowledgement of Portuguese Statutory Loss 
Absorption Powers 
(a) 
The Agency Terms, the Notes (except Conditions 2(b) and 2(c)) and any non-contractual 
obligations arising out of or in connection with the Agency Terms and the Notes are governed 
by and shall be construed in accordance with, English law save that the form ("representação 
formal") and transfer of the Notes, creation of security over the Notes and the Interbolsa 
procedures for the exercise of rights under the Notes are governed by, and shall be construed 
in accordance with, Portuguese law. Conditions 2(b) and 2(c) are governed by, and shall be 
construed in accordance with, Portuguese law. In each case, the application of such governing 
law shall be without prejudice to the applicability, under the conflicts rules applicable in the 
relevant forum, in the light of such submission, of Portuguese law. The foregoing is subject to 
the right of the Issuer pursuant to Condition 6 to change the governing law of Condition 16(d) 
in accordance with the terms of Condition 6(n) and (o). 
(b) 
The Issuer has in the Instrument irrevocably agreed, for the exclusive benefit of the Noteholders 
that the courts of England are to have jurisdiction to settle any disputes which may arise out of 
or in connection with the Instrument and/or the Notes (including a dispute relating to any non-
contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the Instrument and/or the Notes) 
and that accordingly any suit, action or proceedings (together referred to as "Proceedings") 
arising out of or in connection with the Instrument and/or the Notes (including a dispute relating 
to any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the Instrument and/or 
the Notes ) may be brought in such courts. 
(c) 
The Issuer has in the Instrument irrevocably waived any objection which it may have now or 
hereafter to the laying of the venue of any such Proceedings in any such court and any claim 
that any such Proceedings have been brought in an inconvenient forum and has further 
irrevocably agreed that a judgement in any such Proceedings brought in the English courts shall 
be conclusive and binding upon it and may be enforced in the courts of any other competent 
jurisdiction. Nothing in this Condition 16 shall limit any right to take Proceedings in any other 
court of competent jurisdiction, nor shall the taking of Proceedings in one or more jurisdictions 
preclude the taking of Proceedings in any other jurisdiction, whether concurrently or not. 
(d) 
Notwithstanding any other term of the Notes or any other agreement, arrangement or 
understanding between the Issuer and the Noteholders, by its subscription and/or purchase and 
holding of the Notes, each Noteholder (which for the purposes of this Condition 16(d) includes 
each holder of a beneficial interest in the Notes) acknowledges, accepts, consents and agrees: 
(i) 
to be bound by the effect of the exercise of the Bail-in Power by the Relevant Resolution 
Authority, which shall be notified by the Issuer in accordance with Condition 12 (Notices) (it 
being understood, for the avoidance of doubt, that any delay or failure to give such notice shall 
not affect the validity and enforceability of the Bail-in Power nor its effects on the Notes 
described in these Conditions) and may include and result in any of the following, or some 
combination thereof: 
(A) 
the reduction of all, or a portion, of the Amounts Due on a permanent basis; 
(B) 
the conversion of all, or a portion, of the Amounts Due into shares, other 
securities or other obligations of the Issuer or another person (and the issue to 
the holder of such shares, securities or obligations), including by means of an 
amendment, modification or variation of the terms of the Notes, in which case 
the Noteholder agrees to accept in lieu of its rights under the Notes any such 
shares, other securities or other obligations of the Issuer or another person;

--- Page 171 ---
171 
 
(C) 
the cancellation of the Notes or Amounts Due; or 
(D) 
the amendment or alteration of the maturity of the Notes or amendment of the 
Interest Amount payable on the Notes, or the date on which the interest 
becomes payable, including by suspending payment for a temporary period; 
(ii) 
that the terms of the Notes are subject to, and may be varied, if necessary, to give effect to, the 
exercise of the Bail-in Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority; 
(iii) 
for the avoidance of doubt, no exercise of the Bail-in Power by the Relevant Resolution 
Authority shall be deemed to constitute an Event of Default or otherwise constitute non-
performance of a contractual obligation or entitle the Noteholders to any remedies (including 
equitable remedies), which are hereby expressly waived; and 
(iv) 
that the matters described in this Condition 16(d) are exhaustive on the matters described 
therein, to the exclusion of any other agreements, arrangements or understandings between the 
Issuer and any Noteholder. 
In these Terms and Conditions: 
"Amounts Due" means the principal amount, together with any accrued but unpaid interest, 
and any additional amounts referred to in Condition 7(a), if any, due on the Notes. References 
to such amounts will include amounts that have become due and payable, but which have not 
been paid, prior to the exercise of the Bail-in Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority. 
"Bail-in Power" means any power existing from time to time under, and exercised in 
compliance with, any laws, regulations, rules or requirements in effect in Portugal, relating to 
(i) the transposition of the BRRD, (ii) Regulation (EU) No. 806/2014 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 15 July 2014, establishing uniform rules and a uniform 
procedure for the resolution of credit institutions and certain investment firms in the framework 
of the Single Resolution Mechanism and the Single Resolution Fund and amending Regulation 
(EU) No. 1093/2010 (as amended or superseded from time to time) and (iii) the instruments, 
rules and standards created thereunder, pursuant to which any obligation of certain entities as 
set out in such law, regulation, rules or requirements can be reduced, cancelled, suspended, 
modified, or converted into shares, other securities, or other obligations. 
"BRRD" means Directive 2014/59/EU of 15 May establishing the framework for the recovery 
and resolution of credit institutions and investment firms or such other directive as may come 
into effect in place thereof, as implemented in Portugal, as amended or replaced from time to 
time and including any other relevant implementing regulatory provisions. 
"Relevant Resolution Authority" means any authority lawfully entitled to exercise or 
participate in the exercise of any Bail-in Power from time to time. 
(e) 
The Issuer has in the Instrument appointed the London Representative Office of Banco 
Comercial Português, S.A. at 3rd Floor, 63 Queen Victoria Street, London EC4V 4UA for the 
time being as its agent for service of process in England in respect of any Proceedings and has 
undertaken that in the event of it ceasing so to act it will appoint another other person for that 
purpose.

--- Page 172 ---
172 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds from each issue of Notes will be applied by the Issuer for its general corporate 
purposes, which include making a profit, or as otherwise stated in Part B of the applicable Final Terms 
under "Reasons for the offer". 
In particular, if specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer intends to apply an amount equal to the 
net proceeds from an offer of Notes specifically for projects with environmental benefits, social benefits 
or both. Such Notes may also be referred to as "ESG Notes". 
ESG Framework  
The Issuer intends to i) allocate an amount equal to the net proceeds from any issue of green Notes 
("Green Notes") for the purposes of the financing and/or refinancing, of loans and/or investments with 
environmental benefits ("Eligible Green Assets"), ii) allocate an amount equal to the net proceeds 
from any issue of social Notes ("Social Notes") for the purposes of the financing and/or refinancing, 
of loans and/or investments with social benefits ("Eligible Social Assets") and iii) allocate an amount 
equal to the net proceeds from any issue of sustainability Notes ("Sustainability Notes") for the 
purposes of the financing and/or refinancing, loans and/or investments with a mix of environmental and 
social benefits ("Eligible Green and Social Assets"), as described in the Green, Social and 
Sustainability Bond Framework dated May 2021 (the "ESG Framework") published at 
https://ind.millenniumbcp.pt/pt/Institucional/investidores/Documents/ESGBonds/Framework.pdf (as 
amended, supplemented or otherwise updated from time to time).

--- Page 173 ---
173 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE BUSINESS OF THE GROUP 
Group Overview  
The Millennium bcp Group (the "Group") is one of the largest privately owned banking groups based 
in Portugal, in terms of assets, credit and deposits.  The Group offers a wide range of banking products 
and related financial services, both in Portugal and internationally, namely demand accounts, 
instruments of payment, savings and investment products, mortgage loans, consumer credit, 
commercial banking, leasing, factoring, insurance, private banking and asset management, among 
others, and its customers are served on a segmented basis. Internationally, the Group has significant 
operations in Poland, Angola and Mozambique. In addition, the Bank has a presence in the Cayman 
Islands and Macao. 
In accordance with IFRS as endorsed by the European Union, the Group had, at the end of December 
2022, total assets in the amount of EUR 89,861 million and total customer funds (including customer 
deposits, debt securities, assets under management, assets placed with customers and insurance products 
(savings and investments)) in the sum of EUR 92,808 million. Loans to customers (gross) amounted to 
EUR 57,705 million (of which EUR 56,178 million were recorded in the caption "Financial assets at 
amortised cost – Loans to customers", EUR 1,506 million were recorded in the caption "Debt securities 
held associated with credit operations" and EUR 20.9 million (gross amount without considering fair 
value adjustments) were recorded in the caption "Financial assets not held for trading mandatorily at 
fair value through profit or loss - Loans and advances to customers at fair value"). According to the 
interpretation of the CRD IV and CRR, CET1 fully-implemented ratio pro forma reached 13.1%, as at 
31 December 2022. Based on the latest available data from Banco de Portugal, the Group accounted for 
17.3% of loans to customers (gross) and 19.3% of deposits in the Portuguese banking sector on 31 
December 2022. 
In addition, on 31 December 2022, the Bank was the sixth largest company listed on Euronext Lisbon 
in terms of market capitalisation (EUR 2,213 million). 
The Bank is registered with the Commercial Registry Office of Oporto under the sole commercial 
registration and tax identification number 501 525 882 and its registered offices are located at Praça 
Dom João I, 28, 4000–295 Oporto, with telephone number +351 211 134 001 and website 
www.millenniumbcp.pt/en. 
The Bank operates notably under the Portuguese Companies Code and the Decree-Law No. 298/92, of 
31 December 1992 (as amended) (the "Banking Law"). See "Legislation regulating the activity of the 
Bank" below. 
Bank History 
BCP was incorporated on 17 June 1985 as a limited liability company ("sociedade anónima") 
organised under the laws of Portugal, following the deregulation of the Portuguese banking industry. 
BCP was founded by a group of over 200 shareholders and a team of experienced banking professionals 
who sought to capitalise on the opportunity to form an independent financial institution that would serve 
the then underdeveloped Portuguese financial market more effectively than state-owned banks. 
While the Bank's development was initially characterised by organic growth, a series of strategic 
acquisitions helped solidify its position in the Portuguese market and increase its offering of financial 
products and services. In March 1995, BCP acquired control of Banco Português do Atlântico, S.A. 
("Atlântico"), which was then the largest private sector bank in Portugal. This was followed by a joint 
takeover bid for the whole share capital of Atlântico. In June 2000, Atlântico was merged into BCP. In 
2000, BCP also acquired Império, along with Banco Mello and Banco Pinto & Sotto Mayor.

--- Page 174 ---
174 
 
In 2004, with a view to strengthening its focus on the core business of distribution of financial products 
and optimising capital consumption, BCP sold insurers Império Bonança, Seguro Directo, Impergesto 
and Servicomercial to the Caixa Geral de Depósitos group. BCP also entered into agreements with 
Fortis (now named Ageas) for the sale of a controlling stake and management control of insurers 
Ocidental - Companhia Portuguesa de Seguros, S.A., Ocidental - Companhia Portuguesa de Seguros de 
Vida, S.A. and Médis - Companhia Portuguesa de Seguros de Saúde, S.A., as well as the pension fund 
manager PensõesGere - Sociedade Gestora de Fundos de Pensões, S.A.  
After the consolidation of its position in the Portuguese banking market, the Bank focused on the 
development of its retail business in new regions, with the goal of attaining significant positions in 
emerging markets in Europe and in Africa. The Bank concentrated on businesses with strong growth 
prospects in foreign markets with a close historical connection to Portugal or that have large 
communities of Portuguese origin (such as Angola, Mozambique, the United States, Canada, France, 
Luxembourg and Macao), as well as in markets where the Bank's successful Portuguese business model 
could be effectively exported to and tailored to suit such local markets (such as Poland, Greece and 
Romania).  
The Bank has pursued a consistent strategy of market segmentation. Until 2003, these segments were 
served through autonomous distribution networks operating under a variety of brand names. In October 
2003, BCP began the process of replacing these brands in Portugal with a single brand name: 
Millennium bcp. The rebranding in other markets was completed in 2006. All banking operations 
controlled by BCP are now carried out under the "Millennium" brand. In Portugal, the Bank also 
operates under the "ActivoBank" brand. 
In 2004, the Bank sold its non-life insurance businesses and divested a portion of its life insurance 
business by entering into a joint venture with Ageas (formerly Fortis), named Millenniumbcp Ageas, 
of which 51% is held by Ageas and 49% by the Bank.  
In this period, the Bank has refocused on operations that it considers core to its business. As part of this 
refocus, the Bank divested several of its international operations (in France, Luxembourg, United States, 
Canada, Greece, Turkey and Romania), while retaining commercial protocols to facilitate remittances 
from Portuguese emigrants in some markets. In 2010, the Bank transformed its Macao off-shore branch 
into an on-shore branch. 
In February 2012, the Bank adopted a management restructuring through the introduction of a one-tier 
management and supervisory model, in which the Board of Directors includes an Executive Committee 
and an Audit Committee (the latter comprising non-executive members, in accordance with the 
applicable law).  
In December 2012, the Bank prepared and presented to the Portuguese government a Restructuring 
Plan, required by national law and by the applicable European rules on matters of State aid. The 
Restructuring Plan was formally submitted by the Portuguese government to the European Commission 
and, In July 2013, the Bank agreed on the plan with the EC, entailing an improvement of the profitability 
of the Bank in Portugal through continued cost reduction, among other drivers. On September 2013, 
the Directorate-General for Competition announced its formal decision in connection with its agreement 
with the Portuguese authorities concerning the Bank's Restructuring Plan. Pursuant to the decision, the 
Bank's Restructuring Plan was found in compliance with the European Union's rules relating to State 
aid, demonstrating the Bank's viability without continued State support. The implemented Restructuring 
Plan aimed at strengthening the Bank's strategy by focusing on its core activities.  
In May 2014, as part of a process to refocus on core activities defined as a priority in its Strategic Plan, 
the Bank announced that it agreed with the international insurance group Ageas a partial recast of the 
strategic partnership agreements entered into in 2004, which included the sale of its 49% interest in the

--- Page 175 ---
175 
 
(currently jointly owned) insurance companies that operate exclusively in the non-life insurance 
business, i.e. Ocidental – Companhia Portuguesa de Seguros, S.A. and Médis – Companhia Portuguesa 
de Seguros de Saúde, S.A.. 
In April 2016, the Bank announced the conclusion of the merger between Banco Millennium Angola, 
S.A. with Banco Privado Atlântico, S.A., resulting in the second-largest private sector bank in Angola 
in terms of loans to the economy, with a market share of approximately 10% in business volume. The 
entity resulting from this merger ceased to be controlled by BCP. 
In January 2017, BCP announced a EUR 1.3 billion rights issue with transferable pre-emptive 
subscription rights. The aim of this transaction was to bring forward the full repayment of remaining 
Government Subscribed Securities and the removal of key State-aid related restrictions, including the 
dividend ban, the risk of potential sale of core businesses and the tail risk of conversion. This transaction 
was designed to strengthening the balance sheet through the improvement of the CET1 FL ratio and 
Texas ratio, bringing them in line with new industry benchmarks and above regulatory requirements. 
On 27 December 2019, the merger deed of Banco de Investimento Imobiliário, S.A., a wholly-owned 
subsidiary of Banco Comercial Português, S.A., by incorporation into the latter, was signed, thus 
completing the incorporation process of Banco de Investimento Imobiliário, S.A. into Banco Comercial 
Português, S.A. 
On 27 August 2019, the Extraordinary General Meeting of Bank Millennium S.A., in which 216 
shareholders representing 78.53% of its share capital, participated, approved the merger of Bank 
Millennium S.A. with Euro Bank S.A.. The completion of the integration of Eurobank S.A. into Bank 
Millennium S.A. took place in November, with the Bank resulting from the merger now operating under 
a single brand, a single operating system and a single legal entity. 
On 29 June 2021 BCP entered into an agreement with Union Bancaire Privée, UBP SA regarding the 
sale of the entire share capital of Banque Privée BCP (Suisse) SA ("Banque Privée"). The sale of the 
entire share capital of Banque Privée to Union Bancaire Privée, UBP SA was completed on 2 November 
2021. The sale of Banque Privée allows the Group to pursue its strategy of focusing resources and 
management on core geographies, enhancing their development and thus creating value for 
stakeholders. 
On 29 December 2021, BIM – Banco Internacional de Moçambique, SA (a bank incorporated under 
Mozambican law in which BCP indirectly holds a stake of 66.69%) formalised the entry into force of a 
long-term agreement with Fidelidade – Companhia de Seguros, SA, with a view to strengthening 
capabilities and expanding the offer of insurance through the banking channel (bancassurance) in 
Mozambique. Under this partnership, the possibility of which was provided for in the memorandum of 
understanding signed between BCP and the Fosun Group in November 2016, BIM and Fidelidade also 
formalised the sale by BIM to Fidelidade of shares representing 70% of the share capital and voting 
rights of Seguradora Internacional de Moçambique, SA, with BIM maintaining approximately 22% of 
its share capital. BIM and Fidelidade also agreed call and put options with the view of enabling 
Fidelidade to acquire additional shares, and BIM's shareholding, as a result of these options, may be 
reduced to 9.9% of SIM's capital. Under the long-term exclusive distribution agreement, BIM will 
promote the distribution of SIM insurance through the banking channel, continuing to provide its 
customers with a wide range of competitive insurance products, which is reinforced by the partnership 
with Fidelidade.

--- Page 176 ---
176 
 
Business Overview 
Nature of Operations and Principal Activities 
The Group provides a wide variety of banking services and financial activities in Portugal and abroad, 
where it is present in the following markets: Poland, Mozambique, Angola (through its associate BMA) 
and China.  In Portugal, the Bank's operations are primarily in retail banking, but it also offers a 
complete range of additional financial services (in accordance with Article 3 of the articles of 
association of the Bank, which provides that "the purpose of the Bank is to engage in banking activities 
with such latitude as may be permitted by law"). The Bank also engages in a number of international 
activities and partnerships. 
The Bank's banking products and services include demand accounts, instruments of payment, savings 
and investments, mortgage loans, consumer credit, commercial banking, leasing, factoring, insurance, 
private banking and asset management, among others. The Bank's domestic retail banking activities are 
conducted mainly through its marketing and distribution network in Portugal, which follows a 
segmented approach to the Portuguese retail banking market and serves the diverse banking needs of 
specific groups of customers. Back-office operations for the distribution network are integrated in order 
to explore economies of scale. 
The Bank has subsidiaries that offer additional financial services, including investment banking, asset 
management and insurance. These subsidiaries generally distribute their products through the Bank's 
distribution networks. The Bank's retail banking and related financial services activities, together with 
its international operations and partnerships, are described in greater detail below. 
Strategy 
The Strategic Plan Cycle launched in 2021 reflects the Bank’s determination to accelerate its 
development and reinforce its position for the future in order to be prepared to face and overcome the 
challenges that are shaping both the macro-economic environment and the banking competitive 
landscape. 
Successfully executing on the priorities and key levers of the Bank’s previous Strategic Plan Cycle was 
crucial for setting the Bank on a solid normalisation path by significantly reducing its legacy exposures. 
It also laid important foundations for the future by substantially accelerating the Bank’s digitisation 
levels. 
This trajectory was particularly influenced by developments in Portugal (a 40% reduction of NPEs 
compared to 2018 and mobile customers up by 48% in 2020) where the Bank managed to recover its 
volume growth trend (~5% p.a. growth in lending and deposits over 2018-20) and increase its share of 
revenues (+0.6 pp in 2018-20) in an environment of margin compression and continued low interest 
rates. 
This progress was impacted by the pandemic which has, inter alia, raised credit risk levels. In Poland, 
moreover, despite a positive operational performance and the swift integration of EuroBank, the 
bottom-line result was hindered by negative developments in FX mortgages (despite the bank having 
stopped writing new FX mortgages in 2008). 
Going forward, the Bank faces an environment of economic turmoil with the possibility of recovery in 
the future. Although this recovery presents promising growth opportunities there are factors that can be 
a challenge to its profitability, namely the increase in impairments for CHF legal risk and due to 
macroeconomic deterioration in Portugal. Greater customer expectations, more digital and e-commerce

--- Page 177 ---
177 
 
activity, the increasing threat of tech platforms and digital attackers and the overriding requirement of 
sustainability will together present significant challenges but also major opportunities. 
The Bank’s profitability performance is also constrained by legislative developments in Portugal in 
relation to contributions to the National Resolution Fund and limitations regarding fair commissions 
and fees. 
In this context, it is necessary to update the Bank’s strategic plan, focusing more on the opportunities 
in Portugal. This update is designed to preserve relevant priorities from the previous cycle, build on 
what was achieved and add new elements that can address this new environment. 
The Bank’s  new plan sets the goal of achieving robust profitability and balance sheet positions and 
managing the impact of the pandemic while accelerating the Bank’s competitive differentiation in 
efficiency and customer engagement levels, supported by targeted human touch and new mobile/digital 
solutions and business models, enabled by a highly skilled and effective talent base, while at the same 
time addressing social sustainability challenges with a focus on climate change risks and the 
opportunities that may unfold in mitigating them. 
The main strategic priorities for the Bank in Portugal have been set out for this new Strategic Plan 
Cycle, preserving a balance between continuity and ambitious moves to reinforce its competitive edge 
and innovation: 
− 
Serving the financial and protection needs of customers with personalised solutions which 
combine targeted human touch with a leading mobile platform: aiming to expand relevance and 
develop high engagement relationships that empower the Bank’s customers in their financial 
lives.  
− 
Serving customers in meeting the profitable retail needs in which the Bank holds a leadership 
position: investment management, bancassurance and personal lending solutions. 
− 
Being a trusted partner for corporate recovery and transformation: supporting customers’ 
pursuit of opportunities driven by EU funding to the economy (notably through the Plano de 
Recuperação e Resiliência or the PT 2030 programmes), while enabling solutions fit for a more 
digitised, competitive and export-oriented corporate landscape. 
− 
Capital and risk resilience: reinforcing the Bank’s balance sheet and ensuring readiness for the 
post-pandemic world, strengthening both the Bank’s risk and capital management practices. 
− 
Best in class efficiency: realizing cost savings enabled by productivity gains already achieved 
in the previous Strategic Plan Cycle by several transformational changes including the full 
exploitation of mobile and automated capabilities, increased efficiency in the branch network 
and tech and data-driven process reengineering and automation. 
− 
Data and technology edge: focusing efforts on the implementation of the Bank’s next-generation 
data platform while scaling advanced analytics models to gain differentiating mass 
personalisation capabilities, intelligent automation and informed and agile business and 
regulatory management. In parallel, the Bank will expand the deployment of its new technology 
foundations by advancing its cloud platform, using modular IT building blocks augmented by 
the digital experience platform and new cybersecurity solutions, designed to deliver agility and 
speed to market, scale, resilience and cost efficiency.

--- Page 178 ---
178 
 
− 
Capability building and talent renewal: reinforcing the Bank’s ability to attract, develop and 
retain the best talent to embrace modern challenges in critical domains and adapt working 
practices to reflect the new paradigm while promoting an equal-opportunity environment. 
− 
Sustainability-driven: adapting the Bank’s business model to increase differentiation towards 
the community’s and the Bank’s customers’ rising expectations of sustainability while capturing 
associated business opportunities as well as addressing regulatory demands. 
Finally, the Bank’s innovation efforts will enable the Bank to explore broader opportunities, going 
beyond traditional banking, not only in order to deliver a superior customer experience but also to 
support the Bank’s income growth and cost-containment goals. 
The execution of these priorities for Portugal will be combined with ongoing efforts to prudently explore 
the full growth potential of the Bank’s international operations, constantly seeking ways to optimise its 
footprint. 
This will enable the Bank to deliver against a set of ambitious targets for 2024. The Group aspires to 
improve Cost-to-income (to ~40% in 2024) and profitability (aiming at a ROE of ~10%). In parallel, 
the Bank will focus on risk management, aiming to significantly lower the cost of risk (to ~50 bps) and 
the NPE ratio (to ~4%), while keeping a prudent CET 1 ratio (>12.5%). 
Additionally, there will be continued investment in increasing the Bank’s mobile penetration (from 48% 
to more than 65%) and maintaining the Bank’s leading digital customer satisfaction (#1 in digital NPS- 
Net Promoter Score). 
Targets for 2024 
The new Strategic Plan Cycle aims to speed up the Bank’s transition to a position of strength and 
readiness for the future in Portugal, notwithstanding the risks that shape the macro-economic 
environment and the competitive landscape. 
The Bank’s aspiration can be synthesised as: 
i) Achieving robust profitability and a strong balance sheet position, managing the impact of the 
pandemic; 
ii) accelerating the Bank's competitive differentiation in efficiency and customer engagement, 
supported by targeted human touch, mobile/digital solutions and in business models supported in an 
excellent talent base; and 
iii) addressing social sustainability challenges focusing on climate change risks and the associated 
unfolding opportunities. 
In the international business, the Bank will continue the journey started in 2018, making adjustments in 
the face of recent developments. In Poland, while Bank Millennium is implementing a recovery plan, 
the focus is on responding to the risks of exposure to mortgage loans in Swiss francs and actually 
reducing the need for provisions for this risk, ensuring the continued development of the commercial 
franchise and customer satisfaction. In Mozambique, the Bank will continue to adapt the business model 
to improve the service and respond to the evolving customers’ needs, maintaining a strong commitment 
to profitability, efficiency and the model of risk control. 
The successful execution of the Bank's strategic priorities will reinforce its franchise position and 
business model sustainability.

--- Page 179 ---
179 
 
Ambitious goals aligned with strategic priorities — Group level 
 
2022 
2024 
Cost-to-income ratio 
37% 
~40% 
Cost of risk 
52 bp 
~50 bps 
ROE 
4.0% 
~10% 
CET1 ratio 
12.5% 
(13.0% proforma***) 
>12.5% 
NPE ratio 
3.8% 
~4% 
Share of mobile 
customers 
63% 
>65% 
Growth of high 
engagement customers*  
(vs. 2020) 
+10% 
+12% 
Average ESG rating** 
69% 
>80% 
*Active customers with card transactions in the previous 90 days or funds > €100 (>MZM 1,000 in Mozambique)  
**Average of Top 3 indices (DJSI, CDP and MSCI) | NPE include loans to customers only. 
***Pro forma (subject to ECB authorisation, meanwhile obtained in March 2023) considering the already requested 
approval for the application of article 352 (2) Capital Requirements Regulation that excludes from capital requirements the 
structural FX positions held to hedge the capital ratios. 
Business Model 
The internal organisational model of the Bank covers four business areas: Retail, Companies, Asset 
Management & Private Banking and Business Abroad (Europe, Africa and Other), and two support 
units: Processes and Banking Services and Corporate Areas. 
Regarding the internal organisation and decision-making structure, it is important to note the existence 
of a series of Commissions and Sub-Commissions directly appointed by the Executive Commission 
which, apart from the Directors who are specifically entrusted with the monitoring of matters, include 
the employees of the Bank or Group who are the heads of their respective areas. 
As at 27 September 2022, there were 14 Commissions and 2 Sub-Commissions aimed at facilitating the 
coordination of current managerial decisions, involving the senior management of the units included in 
each business area, with a view to reconciling perspectives and supporting the managerial decision-
making process of the Executive Commission, as follows:

--- Page 180 ---
180 
 
a) 
Costs and Investments Commission: This Commission has the mission of regular follow-ups on 
the evolution and optimisation of the contracts for the purchase of goods and services which 
are more significant for the Bank and of the respective negotiations and costs authorisation; 
One Sub-Commission operates under the Costs and Investments Commission, the Costs and 
Investments Sub-Commission whose mission is the regular follow-up of the evolution and 
optimisation of the contracts for the purchase of goods and services which are more significant 
for the Bank and of the respective negotiations; also issues of opinions or authorisation of costs 
for all the purchases of goods and services that are not within the competence of the coordinator 
managers, in accordance with the regulations in effect; 
b) 
Corporate, Investment Banking and Institutional Banking Commission: The functions of this 
Commission are: (i) follow-up of and decision-making on the activity related to Company 
Clients, Corporate and Large Corporate, public sector, Institutional and Investment Banking 
for analysis of objective fulfilment levels; (ii) definition and approval of the business activities 
priorities; (iii) assessment of the business context and proposal of commercial actions that are 
appropriate for each clients specific segment; (iv) assessment of the business main risk 
indicators; (v) assessment of the models for the articulation of the business concerning its 
migration in the value proposal and the interconnection of the bank's networks; and (vi) 
generating opportunities through cross networking with other business units of the Group; 
c) 
Human Resources Commission: The primary mission of this Commission is the definition of 
the strategy and approval of the Bank's human resources policies, including the overview of the 
top 10 Key Performance Indicators ("KPIs"), contracts and internal mobility, span of control, 
compensation, benefits and recognition programmes. The Human Resources Commission is 
internally aiming to reinforce the culture, strategic alignment and mobilisation, and externally, 
in terms of value proposal and image, as well as the approach/relationship with relevant 
stakeholders, and the identification of policies, practices and systems to introduce/recommend 
actions in other countries where the Group operates are also functions of this Commission; 
d) 
Retail Commission: This Commission is entrusted to management and monitors the Retail 
business with the purpose of ensuring a value proposal and a distribution model that allows the 
Bank to comply with its priorities, particularly in terms of profitability and management of the 
offer provided to customers. This Commission also analyses the main indicators for products 
and services and the decisions on changes to the Bank's product range, as well of the main 
indicators for quality and customer experience, claims and customer satisfaction (external and 
internal); 
e) 
Compliance and Operational Risks Commission: The main mission of this Commission is 
monitoring the activity of the Bank and/or of the subsidiaries of the Group in each jurisdiction, 
regularly coordinating and managing the policies and obligations of the Bank and/or of the 
subsidiaries of the Group, in order to ensure compliance with the legal and compliance 
regulations, the alignment of the Group strategies and the definition of priorities; monitoring 
the risk management framework (including IT and Outsourcing risks), ensuring its application 
in the Group's operations; monitoring the exposure to the operational risks and the status of the 
implementation and efficiency of the actions identified to strengthen the internal control 
environments; monitoring the management and improvement of the Bank's processes, in order 
to monitor and reduce the levels of exposure to compliance and operational risks; 
f) 
Capital Assets and Liabilities Management Commission (CALCO): This Commission is 
entrusted with (i) the establishment of the Bank’s global policy for the allocation of capital and 
management of structural market and liquidity risks; (ii) monitoring and managing market risks 
associated to assets and liabilities, planning and making capital allocation proposals and

--- Page 181 ---
181 
 
proposals to define policies for liquidity and market risk management, in terms of the Group 
consolidated balance sheet; 
g) 
Credit Commission: This Commission decides on credit proposals transversally related with 
the banking activity of the Group and issues an advisory opinion on the credit proposals made 
by entities operating abroad and part of the Group; 
h) 
Risk Commission: The main duty of this Commission is the definition of the framework and of 
the Group's risk management instruments and policies, establishing the respective principles, 
rules, limits and practices for the Group's entities, taking into account the risk thresholds set 
forth in the Risk Appetite Statement ("RAS").  This commission is responsible for (i) 
monitoring compliance of the group´s risk levels with the RAS, (ii) monitoring global risk 
levels for all types of risk (particularly the credit, market, and liquidity risks), ensuring that 
these are compatible with the goals, financial resources available and strategies approved for 
the development of the Group's activity, and (iii) verifying if the management of risks complies 
with the applicable legislation/regulations; 
i) 
One Sub-Commission operates under the Risk Commission, the Validation and Monitoring of 
Models Sub-Commission, that monitors and confirms the validity of the various models used 
by the Bank's risk management function, including the technical analysis of models, indicators 
and monitoring results, qualitative validations, back testing, benchmarking and analysis of 
adequacy and adhesion to the reality meant to be modelled.  It also identifies the measures 
necessary to improve model quality and propose to the Risk Commission the methodology to 
assess model risk and respective tolerance level; 
j) 
Pension Funds Risk Monitoring Commission: This Commission is entrusted for monitoring the 
performance and risk of the Group's pension funds and the establishment of appropriate 
investment policies and hedging strategies; 
k) 
Operational Resilience Commission: The primary mission of this Commission is integrated 
management of the Group's security policies and business continuity and follow-up of the main 
security risks, policies, data quality processes inherent to the protection and quality of data and 
of the initiatives to be developed in this particular area. This Commission resolves on matters 
related with security management policies of IT systems, management and quality of data, 
management of physical security, management of the business continuity and protection of 
personal data, definition of safety requirements and Disaster Recovery Plan and business 
continuity annual exercises. This Commission is namely responsible for: (i) periodical review 
of emerging threats and more relevant trends in terms of information and IT safety, particularly 
focusing on cyber-security, promoting, when recommended, the evaluation of new protection 
controls and solutions; and (ii) revision of the results on the security evaluation and business 
continuity, including internal and external audits and supervision of the improvement processes 
and completion of associated recommendations. 
l) 
Credit and Non-Performing Assets Monitoring Commission: The objective of this Commission 
is to follow-up the evolution of the credit exposures, foreclosed assets and of their quality, as 
well as of the main risk and performance indicators. For this purpose, this Commission: (i) 
monitors the evolution of credit exposure and the credit underwriting process; (ii) monitors the 
evolution of the credit portfolio’s quality and of the main performance and risk indicators; (iii) 
monitors the results achieved by the credit monitoring systems; (iv) follows-up the counterparty 
risk and the largest exposures concentration risk; (v) monitors the impairment evolution and 
the main cases of individual analysis; (vi) assesses the performance of the recovery procedures 
and (vii) monitors the divestment in the foreclosed assets portfolio;

--- Page 182 ---
182 
 
m) 
Sustainability Commission: the mission of this Commission is the definition and the monitoring 
of the initiatives that will allow the implementation of the Sustainability Master Plan (SMP) in 
compliance with the guidelines of the Plan approved by the Executive Committee.  Always 
abiding by the internal regulations applicable to each Commission and by the functions and 
competences defined in the respective regulations, the competences that the Board of Directors 
has not reserved for itself or for the Audit Committee, for the Committee for Risk Assessment, 
for the Committee for Nominations and Remunerations and for the Committee for Corporate 
Governance, Ethics and Sustainability, are delegated to the Sustainability Commission. 
However, the aforementioned delegation is subject to the condition that any of the executive 
directors attending the Sustainability Commission decide that the subject should be submitted 
to the Executive Committee for resolution;  
n) 
Corporate Risk Monitoring Commission: the functions of this Commission are to monitor the 
evolution recorded by the main performing credit exposures of corporate clients, particularly 
assessing the implications of the Covid-19 pandemic versus the specific risk factors of each 
client (activity sector, prior Covid-19 financial standing, costs structure, etc), issuing opinions 
regarding the credit strategy to be adopted; and to follow-up the counter party risk and the 
largest exposures concentration risk; and  
o) 
Private Banking and Investment Products & Services Commission: the objective of this 
Commission is the management and follow-up of the Private Banking business with the purpose 
of ensuring a value proposal and distribution model that allows the Bank to comply with its 
priorities, particularly in terms of profitability and management of the offer provided to 
customers. Monitoring and follow-up of the investment products and services sold in the Private 
Banking network. This Commission may resolve on the following matters: (i) the Private 
Banking value-proposal; (ii) the Private Banking distribution model, including the priorities to 
be defined for the Commercial Network; (iii) the Private Banking’s offer, including 
recommendations addressed to the areas involved in the development and management of 
investment services and products, including deciding on the analysis of transactions, as well as 
the approval of the products that should appear in the Execution Display. 
Other Financial Services in Portugal 
Online Banking 
ActivoBank is a leading internet bank in Portugal.  Launched in 2010, ActivoBank offers a streamlined 
and convenient service with an emphasis on emerging distribution and communication channels (e.g. 
internet banking, mobile banking). ActivoBank targets younger, technologically savvy customers who 
prefer simple, modern banking products and services. 
ActivoBank's main goal is to maintain a strong focus on its online presence through its website and 
social media. The pillar of ActivoBank's client relationship is based on online channels, despite also 
having 16 physical branches, as at 31 December 2022. ActivoBank was the first Portuguese bank to 
launch an exclusive application for smartphones. ActivoBank continues to invest heavily in developing 
new services and features, in alignment with new trends, with a primary emphasis on innovation. 
Insurance 
The Bank has an interest in insurance activities through Millenniumbcp Ageas, a joint venture with 
Ageas for bancassurance business in Portugal.  On 26 May 2014, as part of a process aiming to refocus 
on core activities defined as a priority in its Strategic Plan, the Bank announced that it had agreed with 
the international insurance group Ageas a partial recast of the strategic partnership agreements entered 
into in 2004, which included the sale of its 49% interest in the (at that time jointly owned) insurance

--- Page 183 ---
183 
 
companies that operate exclusively in the non-life insurance business, i.e. Ocidental – Companhia 
Portuguesa de Seguros, S.A. and Médis – Companhia Portuguesa de Seguros de Saúde, S.A.  Currently, 
the Group holds 49% of Millenniumbcp Ageas' share capital in the life insurance business, while the 
remaining 51% is held by Ageas. 
On 28 July 2014, the Bank announced about the qualifying holding of Ageas and Ocidental Vida that 
was a result of Ageas and Ocidental Vida having subscribed, respectively, 280,490,558 and 
408,855,693 ordinary shares in the rights issue launched by the Bank on 27 June 2014, pursuant to the 
subscription rights attributed to them considering their participation in BCP prior to the rights issue of 
156,623,179 shares in case of Ageas and of 233,631,825 shares in case of Ocidental Vida. Following 
the settlement of the rights issue on 23 July 2014 and allotment of the oversubscription on 24 July, the 
number of shares held by Ageas increased to 437,113,737 and the number of shares held by Ocidental 
Vida increased to 652,087,518, thus the Ageas Group increased its participation to 1,089,201,255 shares 
that correspond to 2.01% of the issued share capital and of voting rights of the Bank. 
On 16 June 2015, the Bank announced to have received a notification from Ageas Group informing that 
its holding in the share capital of the Bank had fallen below the 2% threshold of qualifying holding. 
The dilution of the former qualifying holding was a result of the Bank's exchange offer of some of its 
subordinated debt and preference shares for ordinary shares, causing the issuance of 4,844,313,860 new 
shares, which increased the total outstanding ordinary shares in BCP to 59,039,023,275.  At that date, 
the Ageas Group's holding was 1.84%. 
Foreign Business 
BCP has concentrated on those businesses with strong growth prospects in foreign markets with a close 
historical connection to Portugal or that have large communities of residents with a Portuguese heritage 
(such as Angola and Mozambique), as well as in markets to which the Bank's successful business model 
in Portugal can be effectively exported and tailored to suit local markets, in particular in Poland. 
Poland 
In Poland, the Bank operates through Bank Millennium, S.A. ("Bank Millennium"), and focuses its 
offerings on individuals and small and medium-sized companies. Bank Millennium is a full-service 
national bank which, jointly with its subsidiaries, offers a complete range of financial products and 
services, including deposit-taking, savings and investment products, short-, medium- and long-term 
lending (including mortgage lending and consumer credit), debit and credit cards, fund transfers and 
other payment methods, mutual funds, insurance, leasing, treasury services and money market 
transactions. 
In 1998, the Bank entered into a partnership agreement with the Polish financial group, BBG, pursuant 
to which the Bank launched a retail operation with BBG in the Polish market under the "Millennium" 
brand. 
The Bank currently owns 50.1% of Bank Millennium. 
On 17 October 2018, Bank Millennium took over management of the assets of Spółdzielcza Kasa 
Oszczędnościowo-Kredytowa Piast ("SKOK Piast") (Cooperative Credit Union SKOK Piast), based 
on a decision of the Polish Financial Supervision Authority, and, on 1 November 2018, Bank 
Millennium acquired SKOK Piast. Bank Millennium joined other banks involved in the SKOK 
turnaround process supported by the Polish Financial Supervision Authority and the Bank Guarantee 
Fund. The acquisition of SKOK Piast corresponded with efforts to ensure stability of the national 
financial system and to ensure safety for all clients of financial institutions in Poland.

--- Page 184 ---
184 
 
In 2019, the merger of Bank Millennium with Eurobank was approved, on an Extraordinary General 
Meeting of Bank Millennium. The completion of the integration of Eurobank into Bank Millennium 
took place on 27 December 2019, with the Bank Millennium being the surviving entity from the merger 
and now operating under a single brand, a single operating system and a single legal entity. 
Bank Millennium acquired a 99.79% stake in Eurobank from Société Générale Financial Services 
Holding ("SocGen"), a subsidiary of Société Générale S.A. The completion of the integration of 
Eurobank into Bank Millennium took place on 27 December 2019. 
Bank Millennium stopped granting mortgage loans in foreign currencies in 2009. Consequently, the 
Polish foreign exchange ("FX") mortgage loans are a mature portfolio, constantly decreasing according 
to the repayment rate and with a low impairment ratio and high coverage by provisions.  As at 31 
December 2022, Bank Millennium's foreign exchange mortgages amounted to approximately 8% of the 
Polish bank's loan book (EUR 2.2 billion), which represents 3.8% of the Group's total loans. These 
figures include PLN 0.7 billion (approximately EUR 159 million) CHF indexed mortgages from 
Eurobank but the litigation/political risk on this portfolio is covered by a 20-year indemnity provided 
by SocGen, which also provided a 10-year guarantee on 80% of the credit risk on that portfolio. FX 
mortgages represent 10% of its Polish subsidiary total gross loans (approximately 6% market share). 
Mozambique 
The Bank has had banking operations in Mozambique since 1995.  BIM - Banco Internacional de 
Moçambique, S.A. ("Millennium bim" or "BIM") is the second Mozambique's largest bank in terms 
of assets, loans and deposits market shares (Source: Central Bank of Mozambique). On 29 December 
2021, BIM formalised the entry into force of a long-term agreement with Fidelidade – Companhia de 
Seguros, SA, with a view to strengthening capabilities and expanding the offer of insurance through the 
banking channel (bancassurance) in Mozambique. Under this partnership, the possibility of which was 
provided for in the memorandum of understanding signed between BCP and the Fosun Group in 
November 2016, BIM and Fidelidade also formalised the sale by BIM to Fidelidade of shares 
representing 70% of the share capital and voting rights of Seguradora Internacional de Moçambique, 
SA, ("SIM") with BIM maintaining approximately 22% of its share capital. BIM and Fidelidade also 
agreed call and put options with a view to enabling Fidelidade to acquire additional shares, and BIM's 
shareholding, as a result of these options, may be reduced to 9.9% of SIM's capital. Under the long-
term exclusive distribution agreement, BIM will promote the distribution of SIM insurance through the 
banking channel, continuing to provide its customers with a wide range of competitive insurance 
products, which is reinforced by the partnership with Fidelidade. The amount received by BIM for the 
sale of 70% of SIM is EUR 46.8 million. Considering this value, the operation had a (positive) impact 
on BCP's consolidated results for the current year, on a pro forma basis as of 11/30/2021, of 
approximately EUR 5.2 million and a positive impact on the consolidated CET1 ratio and in the total 
capital of 7 basis points. 
In 2022, Millennium bim recorded a net income of EUR 106.0 million, a 10.9% increase when 
compared to the same period of the previous year. In this period, banking income25  increased by 26.5% 
amounting to EUR 266.1 million, driven by the increase of net interest income (+26.8%), commissions 
(+23.6%) and other income, which includes trading income (+28.0%). Operating costs increased 23.7% 
to EUR 113.3 million, and cost-to-income stood at 42.6%. ROE stood at 21.2%. Loan impairment 
amounted to EUR 8.1 million (EUR 4.2 million recorded in December 2021) and the cost of risk 
increased from 72 basis points to 118 basis points. As at 31 December 2022, Millennium bim had a 
capital ratio of 36.4%. 
                                                     
25  
“Banking income” or “net operating revenues” is the sum of net interest income, dividends from equity instruments, net 
commissions, net trading income, other net operating income and equity accounted earnings.

--- Page 185 ---
185 
 
Total customer funds in 31 December 2022 stood at EUR 2,232 million, up from EUR 1,894 million, 
recorded in 31 December 2021, showing an increase of 17.8%. Loans to customers (gross) amounted 
to EUR 683 million in December 2022, compared to EUR 626 million in December 2021, an increase 
of 9.1%. 
As at 31 December 2022, Millennium bim had 197 branches, 2 less than in December 2021. At that 
date, the bank had 2,504 employees (excluding employees from SIM, the insurance company) and had 
2,496 employees as at 31 December 2021. 
Angola 
BMA was incorporated on 3 April 2006, as a result of the transformation of the BCP branch in Angola 
into a bank incorporated under the laws of the Republic of Angola. 
In February 2009, the Bank carried out financial transactions relating to the strategic partnership 
agreements established with Sonangol (a company that held, as at 30 June 2017, 15.24% of the Bank's 
share capital and voting rights) and Banco Privado Atlântico, S.A. ("BPA") (in which BMA held a 
shareholding of 6.66%), as a result of which the Bank reduced its stake in BMA to 52.7% through 
BMA's share capital increase of USD 105,752,496.80. 
In April 2012, the Bank reduced its stake in BMA to 50.1%, following BMA's share capital increase, 
which was fully subscribed to by Global Pactum - Gestão de Activos (main shareholder of BPA), in 
line with the partnership agreement entered into with Sonangol and BPA. Within the scope of this 
partnership, the Bank, Sonangol and BPA entered in May 2008 into a shareholders' agreement regarding 
BMA, which included, among others, clauses on corporate bodies and preferential rights in case of 
transfer of BMA's shares. 
On 8 October 2015, the Bank announced it had signed a memorandum of understanding with the main 
shareholder of BPA for the merger of BMA with BPA. The public deed for the merger was executed 
on 22 April 2016. Following the merger, BCP owns 22.5% of the share capital of Banco Millennium 
Atlântico. 
In the context of the BMA merger with BPA, BMA was considered a discontinued operation in March 
2016. As of the completion of the merger in May 2016, the new merged entity in which the Bank 
maintains a 22.5% shareholding, Banco Millennium Atlântico, is consolidated using the equity method. 
Banco Millennium Atlântico contribution to BCP Group earnings 2022 was EUR -7.4 million which 
compares to EUR -10.9 million in 2021. 
Macao 
The Group's presence in Macao goes back to 1993, initially through an offshore license. In 2010, the 
Group began operating its first fully licensed (on shore) branch in Macao. This branch is directed at 
providing services to the Bank's network through support to individual and company Customers, 
broadening the base of local customers and expanding the activity around the China-Macao-Portuguese 
speaking countries platform, focusing on the offer of investment banking services. 
As at 31 December 2022, customer funds stood at EUR 487 million and gross loans reached EUR 937 
million. In 2022, net income amounted to EUR 16.6 million.

--- Page 186 ---
186 
 
Other 
The Bank also has six representative offices (one in the United Kingdom, two in Switzerland, two in 
Brazil and one in China in Canton), and three commercial protocols (United States, France and 
Luxembourg). 
International Partnerships 
Ageas 
In 2005, the Group and Fortis (currently, Ageas) established a joint venture for bancassurance business, 
through the insurance company Millennium bcp Fortis (currently, Millenniumbcp Ageas). The Group 
holds 49% of Millenniumbcp Ageas' share capital, while the remaining 51% is held by Ageas. In 
September 2005, Ageas increased its shareholding in the Bank to 4.99%. As a consequence of the two 
Bank share capital increases that took place in 2006, Ageas' shareholding in the Bank decreased to 
4.94%. In September 2007, Ageas disposed of its qualifying holding in the share capital of the Bank. 
On 26 May 2014, the Bank announced that, as part of a process aiming to refocus on core activities 
defined as a priority in its Strategic Plan, it had agreed with the international insurance group Ageas to 
partially recast the strategic partnership agreements entered into in 2004. These include the sale of its 
49% interest in the (at that time jointly owned) insurance companies that operate exclusively in the non-
life insurance business, i.e. Ocidental-Companhia Portuguesa de Seguros, S.A. and Médis - Companhia 
Portuguesa de Seguros de Saúde, S.A., for a base price of EUR 122.5 million, subject to a medium term 
performance adjustment. In 2013, the non-life activity posted gross inflows of EUR 251 million and a 
net profit of EUR 12 million. 
On 28 July 2014, the Bank announced that Ageas, on behalf of itself and its subsidiary Ocidental-
Companhia Portuguesa de Seguros de Vida, S.A. ("Ocidental Vida"), had acquired a qualifying holding 
in the share capital of the Bank. The qualifying holding was a result of Ageas and Ocidental Vida having 
subscribed, respectively, 280,490,558 and 408,855,693 ordinary shares in the rights issue launched by 
the Bank on 27 June 2014, pursuant to the subscription rights attributed to them considering their 
participation in the Bank prior to the rights issue (156,623,179 shares in case of Ageas and of 
233,631,825 shares in case of Ocidental Vida). 
Following the settlement of the rights issue, on 23 July 2014, and allotment of the oversubscription, on 
24 July, the number of shares held by Ageas increased to 437,113,737 and the number of shares held 
by Ocidental Vida increased to 652,087,518, thus Ageas Insurance International Group (i.e. Ageas and 
Ocidental Vida) increased its participation to 1,089,201,255 shares that correspond to 2.01% of the 
issued share capital and of voting rights of BCP. 
On 16 June 2015, the Bank announced that it had received an announcement from Ageas, issued on 
behalf of itself and Ocidental Vida, informing that Ageas Insurance International Group (i.e. Ageas and 
Ocidental Vida) holding in the share capital of the Bank had fallen below the 2% threshold of qualifying 
holding (1.84%). The dilution of the former qualifying holding is a result of BCP's exchange offer of 
some of its subordinated debt and preference shares for ordinary shares, causing the issuance of 
4,844,313,860 new shares, which increased the total outstanding ordinary shares in BCP to 
59,039,023,275. 
Sonangol and BPA 
Following the announcement made by the Bank on 8 October 2015, the Bank informed on 25 April 
2016 that the public deed for the merger of Banco Millennium Angola, S.A. with Banco Privado 
Atlântico, S.A. had been executed.

--- Page 187 ---
187 
 
Developments in 2023 
On 9 January 2023, the Bank announced, in addition to the announcement made on 29 December 2022, 
regarding the conclusion of the so-called Project Crow, in which the Bank sold the participation units 
in Fundo de Recuperação Turismo, FCR and FLIT-PTREL-SIF, S.C.A., as well as other hospitality 
assets, that the completion of this transaction resulted in the receipt of approximately EUR 233 million. 
The Bank informed that the conclusion of the Project Crow had a positive marginal impact of EUR 1.6 
million on the consolidated results for the year 2022. In terms of capital ratio (CET1 fully implemented), 
the reduction in exposure on the balance sheet to these assets, due to the sales made, was reflected in 
an increase of approximately 15 bps. 
On 17 March 2023, the Bank announced that Fitch Ratings upgraded its long-term deposits rating to 
‘BBB-’ and the long-term Issuer Default Rating to ‘BB+’, with a stable Outlook. 
On 24 March 2023, the Bank announced that it was notified of the favourable decision of the 
supervisory authority on the request for the application of article 352 (2) of the CRR for the exclusion 
of the calculation of weighted assets for market risk of certain structural exchange positions for hedging 
of regulatory ratios against changes in exchange rates. The Bank also announced that the change had 
an estimated impact on the fully implemented CET1 ratio of around 50 bps and of around 70 bps in the 
total capital ratio. 
On 5 April 2023, the Bank announced that it was notified by Bank Millennium about the creation of 
additional provisions against legal risk related to the foreign exchange ("FX") mortgage loans portfolio, 
according to the following report: “(references in the extract below to the Bank are to Bank Millennium 
S.A.): 
"The Management Board of Bank Millennium S.A. (“the Bank”) informs that it took a decision to create 
in its first quarter 2023 accounts, PLN 484 million of provisions for legal risk connected with FX 
mortgage loans originated by the Bank. Additionally, PLN 43 million worth of provisions were created 
against legal risk related to the loan book originated by former Euro Bank, S.A. but without a bottom 
line impact. Furthermore, the Management Board decided to make conservative adjustments in the 
methodology used to calculate such provisions in anticipation of further potential negative trends. 
These translated into an additional provision of PLN 337 million for Bank Millennium originated loans. 
Taking into consideration the positive results from the core business activity, the gain on transaction 
communicated in current report no. 7/2023 of 13 February 2023 and the above mentioned provisions, 
the Management Board expects the Bank to have a positive net result in first quarter 2023 at a level 
broadly similar to this reported in the fourth quarter of 2022 (which was later confirmed). More 
information about these factors and first quarter 2023 financial results will be disclosed in a quarterly 
report scheduled for 28 April 2023.”. 
On 28 April 2023, the Bank announced its Annual General Meeting of Shareholders, to be held on 24th 
May 2023, with the following agenda: 
Item One – To resolve upon the management report, the balance sheet and the individual and 
consolidated accounts for the 2022 financial year, the Corporate Governance Report, which includes a 
chapter on the remuneration of the management and supervisory bodies, and the Sustainability Report; 
Item Two – To resolve upon the proposal for the appropriation of profit regarding the 2022 financial 
year; 
Item Three – To carry out a generic appraisal of the management and supervision of the company;

--- Page 188 ---
188 
 
Item Four – To resolve on the update of the Remuneration Policy of Members of the Management and 
Supervisory Bodies and Revoking the Retirement Regulation of the Executive Directors; 
Item Five – To resolve on the update of the Policy for Selection and Appointment of the Statutory 
Auditor or Audit Firm and the Hiring of Not Prohibited Non-Audit Services under the terms of the 
legislation in force; 
Item Six – To resolve upon the acquisition and sale of own shares and bonds. 
Principal Markets and Competition 
The Portuguese banking market has become well-developed, including both strong domestic and 
foreign competitors. These competitors follow a multi-product, multi-channel and multi-client 
segmented approach, offering a broad range of services from retail products to investment banking 
coupled with sophisticated payment capability. Foreign banks are present in the Portuguese market, in 
areas such as corporate banking, asset management, private banking and brokerage services, as well as 
universal banking services, namely traditional retail banking. 
Domestic banking penetration levels rank favourably on a comparable basis and branch network and 
automated channels are widely disseminated across the country. There has been significant 
development of remote access to banking services (ATM, home banking, and mobile banking) together 
with market intelligence techniques enabling banks to accurately track customers' requirements and 
augment customer proximity. Cross-selling has benefited from the use of such techniques and has 
increased the proportion of banks' non-interest income over the years. 
The Portuguese banking sector will face the potential entry of new and disruptive players benefiting 
from the PSD2 environment. This is happening against a backdrop of progressive change towards a 
new digital age in which consumers' behaviour and expectations are evolving. Current trends point to 
an accelerated mobile/digital banking adoption and customers demanding personalisation. Also, 
security and trust have reinforced the importance of digitalisation given cyber-risk concerns and cases 
of misselling. Advances in the ability to deploy technologies (e.g., robotics, machine learning) and the 
expanded capabilities these enable are setting new ways of working, requiring new skills. 
The deregulation and liberalisation process experienced by the Portuguese banking sector, including 
Eurozone participation, catalysed an increase in business and competition, particularly in the credit 
market. Customer loans and advances increased significantly in advance of the implementation of the 
euro and during the early years of economic convergence and integration within the single currency 
project (Source: Banco de Portugal). 
At the same time, the Portuguese banking system experienced a consolidation, which was driven by the 
need to achieve economies of scale and operating synergies. More recently, against the background of 
the financial instability beginning in the summer of 2007 and the subsequent euro periphery crisis, 
deleveraging and strategic repositioning took place. Some foreigner players reappraised their presence 
and business models and networks developed in Portugal. More recently, major banks in the Portuguese 
banking system have rationalised their operating structures. 
The Portuguese banking market is concentrated with the biggest five banks representing more than 80% 
of the market share in terms of business volumes. The Bank is the largest private sector bank in Portugal 
in terms of business volumes (market share of 18% by gross loans + customer funds), generates 18% 
of the system core net income and is one of the most efficient banks in Portugal with only 12% of the 
system branch network (data as at 30 September 2022).

--- Page 189 ---
189 
 
The growing maturity of the domestic market and globalisation trends led domestic banks to further 
develop their operations abroad, namely in countries with which Portugal had strong economic and 
historical relations. Hence, currently, the biggest domestic banking groups manage operations in 
European and African countries, which bear an increasing strategic relevance for their businesses. 
The Portuguese Competition Authority ensures compliance with Portuguese competition rules, 
asserting regulatory powers over competition in all sectors of the economy, including regulated sectors 
in coordination with the relevant sector regulators. Banco de Portugal is responsible for the prudential 
and market conduct supervision, ensuring the stability of the financial system as well as compliance 
with rules of conduct and transparency for banks' customers. As the national supervisory authority, 
Banco de Portugal is part of the Single Supervisory Mechanism, the European banking supervision 
system, entrusted with the safety and robustness of European banks. National competition authorities 
and the EU have parallel competencies for enforcing European antitrust laws in close co-operation. 
In Portugal, the Bank competes primarily with the four other major Portuguese banking groups: Caixa 
Geral de Depósitos, Banco Santander Totta, CaixaBank/BPI and Novo Banco. BCP's extensive 
distribution network, which is the fourth largest, has enabled it to maintain a reference position among 
its competitors. According to system data from Banco de Portugal, as at 31 December 2022, BCP had 
a market share of 17.3% of loans to customers (gross) and 19.1% of deposits in its domestic market. 
As at the end of December 2022, 143 credit institutions were registered in Portugal (Source: Banco de 
Portugal). Financial institutions with head offices in the European Economic Area providing cross-
border services amounted to 1,059, as at the end of March 2021 (according to the last data available 
from Banco de Portugal). Common indicators do not indicate levels of concentration significantly 
divergent from those of the Eurozone. For instance, as of 2019, the total asset share of the five largest 
credit institutions represented 73% for Portugal, which is above Germany's 31% but below Greece with 
97%, Estonia with 93%, Lithuania with 90%, the Netherlands 85%, Cyprus with 86%, Finland with 
80%, Latvia 83%, Croatia with 80%, Belgium with 74%, Malta 75% and Slovakia with 76% (Source: 
ECB). 
The following table shows the development of the percentage of the Bank's market share in Portugal in 
terms of loans to customers as at 31 December 2022 (last available data), 2021 and 2020: 
 
 
As at 31 December  
As at 31 December 
 
2022 
2021 
20220 
Loans to customers  
17.3% 
17.5% 
17.5% 
_______________ 
Source: BCP and Banco de Portugal. 
The following table shows the number and geographic location of the Bank's branches as at 31 December 2022, 
2021 and 2020: 
 
 
2022 
2021 
2020 
Portugal 
408 
434 
478 
Bank Millennium in Poland 
635 
655 
702 
Millennium bim in Mozambique 
197 
199 
199 
Banco Millennium Angola 
0 
0 
0 
Total in the International activity 
832 
854 
902

--- Page 190 ---
190 
 
 
2022 
2021 
2020 
 
1,240 
1,288 
1,380 
 
The following table illustrates the competitive environment in Portugal for the two years ended 31 
December 2021 and 2020: 
 
 
As at 31 December 
 
2021 
2020 
Number of banks(1) 
29 
29 
Number of branches 
3,514 
3,723 
Population (thousands) 
10,352 
10,298 
Inhabitants per branch 
2,946 
2,766 
Branches per bank 
121 
128 
_______________ 
(1) 
Banks associated with the Portuguese Banking Association. 
Source:  
Portuguese Banking Association and Portugal's National Statistics Institute. 
The Bank is also subject to strong competition in the international markets in which it operates. 
The banking sector in Poland is characterised by a relatively low concentration sustaining strong 
competitive pressure. However, significant opportunities have led to increased competition in recent 
years, driven by privatisation and consolidation initiatives. In addition, in Poland, European Union 
integration has created strong incentives for the cross-border provision of financial services and for 
cross-border mergers, which have resulted in significantly increased competition from foreign banks. 
As at December 2022, Bank Millennium's market share in Poland, according to the Bank's estimates 
derived from data published by the National Bank of Poland, was 5.9% of loans to customers (gross) 
and 5.6% of deposits. 
In Mozambique, Millennium bim is a market leader with a market share of 15.2% of loans to customers 
and 24.2% of deposits in 31 December 2022, according to the Bank of Mozambique.  Currently, 20 
banks operate in Mozambique and management expects increasing competition from foreign banks, 
particularly those based in South Africa and Portugal (Source: Mozambican Banking Association). 
Banco Millennium Angola merged with Banco Privado Atlântico, resulting in the second-largest private 
sector bank in terms of loans to the economy, with a market share of approximately 10% by business 
volume: market share above 10% in terms of loans and above 12% in terms of deposits (Source: Bank 
of Angola). 
Trends Information 
Framework 
In 2022 GDP grew 6.7%, which represented an acceleration compared to a 5.5% growth observed in 
the previous year. The dynamism of private consumption and of tourism exports was crucial to boost 
economic activity and mitigate the impact of the slowdown in investment. 
In 2023, the Bank of Portugal predicts a significant deceleration of the Portuguese economy, hindered 
by the uncertainty regarding external demand and the evolution of the inflation rate, which is expected 
to rise 5.8%, after reaching 8.1% in 2022.

--- Page 191 ---
191 
 
The strong nominal growth of the Portuguese economy contributed to a reduction of the Portuguese 
public debt as a percentage of GDP, from 125.4% to 113.8% of GDP in 2022. 
The profitability of Portuguese banks should continue to improve in 2023. The rise in interest rates 
should benefit the banking system, although controlling the cost of deposits is crucial. Inflation will 
continue to put pressure on operating costs. However, Portuguese banks are expected to remain 
efficient, with the system's cost-to-income ratio below 50%. 
The cost of risk should maintain the normalisation trend, with no significant impact expected from an 
eventual deterioration in the quality of assets in 2023. Portuguese banks have solid lending policies due 
to the Bank of Portugal's macroprudential recommendations issued in 2018. 
Portuguese banks have improved their funding profile over the past decade, with bank deposits 
representing the large majority of their funding structures. The loan-to-deposit ratio is expected to 
remain below 80% in 2023. 
The sector has improved its asset quality and capitalisation since 2016 and is now more resilient. 
Impact on the Group's activity 
In 2023, BCP should continue the path of convergence to achieve the objectives of its Strategic Plan. 
The Bank should improve its profitability, benefiting from the environment of higher interest rates in 
the geographies in which it operates, and from strict control over the evolution of operating costs. The 
cost of risk should maintain the normalisation trend, even in a context of deceleration of the Portuguese 
economy, given the level of almost full employment. 
BCP reinforced its liquidity position in 2022. On-balance sheet customer funds grew by 8.5% to EUR 
77.2 billion, reflecting growth of EUR 4.8 billion (9.6%) in Portugal. And simultaneously, at Group 
level, the customer base increased by 5.5%, to EUR 6.5 million, with emphasis on the 18% increase in 
mobile customers compared to 2021, which represent 63% of total assets of Group customers (52% in 
Portugal). As a result of the higher interest rate environment, credit is growing moderately. In 2023, the 
Bank should continue to present a solid liquidity position. 
The BCP Group has been pursuing a trend of improving asset quality, particularly in Portugal, with the 
NPE ratio standing below 4% at the end of 2022, an objective set out in the Strategic Plan. A significant 
deterioration in asset quality is not expected even in a scenario of economic slowdown. 
In 2022, the Bank managed to demonstrate its ability to generate organic capital, with the CET1 ratio 
reaching the strategic objective established for 2024. In 2023, the Bank does not anticipate any adverse 
effect in terms of evolution of the capital ratio and should continue to generate capital organically. In 
steady state, the Bank should be able to distribute dividends, according to a dividend payout ratio in 
line with the benchmark for the sector. 
Summary of the developments between 2011 and 2022 of some relevant indicators of the Bank26 
The Bank has successfully executed an operational turnaround, reinforcing its financial and capital 
position despite adverse market conditions in the Portuguese banking sector. This position is reflected 
                                                     
26 In this section, the terms listed below shall have the following meaning: 
"Net loans" means loans to Customers at amortised cost net of impairment, debt instruments at amortised cost associated to credit 
operations net of impairment and balance sheet amount of loans to Customers at fair value through profit or loss; 
"Commercial gap" means loans to Customers (gross) minus on-balance sheet customer funds; 
"Net Interest Margin" means net interest income for the period as a percentage of average interest earning assets; 
"Cost of time deposits" means spread on term deposits book minus 3m Euribor; 
"Total funding costs" means interest expenses divided by interest bearing liabilities; and

--- Page 192 ---
192 
 
by achievements such as the reduction of the commercial gap from EUR 13.2 billion at 31 December 
2012 to EUR -19.7 billion at 31 December 2022, following a significant deleveraging (net loans 
decreased by 10% and deposits increased by 54%), a recovery of net interest income in Portugal from 
EUR 343 million in 2013 to EUR 805 million in 2020, EUR 831 million in 2021 and EUR 951 million 
in 2022, a reduction of operating costs from EUR 853 million in 2013 to EUR 650 million in 2020, 
EUR 693 million in 2021 and EUR 602 million in 2022 and a reduction of cost of risk from 157 basis 
points in 2013 to 54 basis points in 2022. BCP Group’s pre-provision profit27 increased from EUR 474 
million in 2013, EUR 1,166 million in 2020, EUR 1,219 million in 2021 and EUR 1,794 million in 
2022. As a percentage of assets, pre-provision profit increased from 0.6% in 2013 to 1.4% in 2020, 
1.3% in 2021 and 2.0% in 2022. As a result of the significant deleveraging, reliance on ECB funding 
has decreased from EUR 10 billion in 2013 to an excess of EUR 2.6 billion as at 31 December 2022. 
The balance sheet breakdown as at 31 December 2022 is, on the assets side: gross loans and advances 
to customers (including debt securities and commercial paper) in the amount of EUR 57.7 billion (EUR 
56.2 billion recorded in "Financial assets at amortised cost – Loans to customers"; EUR 1.5 billion 
recorded in "Debt securities held associated with credit operations" and EUR 0.021 billion (gross 
amount without considering fair value adjustments) recorded in "Financial assets not held for trading 
mandatorily at fair value through profit or loss – Loans and advances to customers at fair value"), 
securities portfolio (including financial assets at fair value through profit or loss and financial assets at 
fair value through other comprehensive income and debt securities held not associated with credit 
operations) in the amount of EUR 19.96 billion and other assets net in the amount of EUR 12.21 billion; 
and on the liabilities side: deposits in the amount of EUR 75.4 billion (at the amortised cost), money 
market net (the difference between resources from credit institutions and cash and deposits at central 
banks, loans to credit institutions and loan agreements) in the amount of EUR 5.7 billion, debt issued 
by the Bank in the amount of EUR 2.82 billion and shareholders' equity in the amount of EUR 5.9 
billion. The balance sheet breakdown as at 31 December 2011, was on the assets side: loans and 
advances to customers in the amount of EUR 68.0 billion, securities in the amount of EUR 12.1 billion 
and other assets net in the amount of EUR 3.2 billion; and on the liabilities side: deposits in the amount 
of EUR 47.5 billion, money market net in the amount of EUR 12.9 billion, debt issued by the Bank in 
the amount of EUR 18.5 billion and shareholders' equity in the amount of EUR 4.4 billion. 
The breakdown by instrument of the outstanding amounts of the debt issued by the Bank as at 31 
December 2022 (EUR 4.4 billion) is as follows (which are recorded in the captions "Financial liabilities 
at amortised cost – non subordinated debt securities issued", "Financial liabilities at amortised cost – 
subordinated debt" and "Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss"): MTN (EUR 1.8 
billion), bonds and certificates (EUR 0.9 billion), securitisations (EUR 0.1 billion), subordinated debt 
(EUR 1.3 billion) and loan agreements (EUR 0.3 billion). As at 31 December 2011, the breakdown by 
instrument of the outstanding amounts of the debt issued by the Bank (EUR 18.5 billion) was as follows: 
MTN (EUR 7.6 billion), bonds and certificates (EUR 4.1 billion), covered bonds (EUR 3.3 billion), 
securitisations (EUR 1.2 billion), subordinated debt (EUR 1.1 billion) and loan agreements (EUR 1.2 
billion). 
The amount of the debt outstanding repaid from 2011-2017 was on average EUR 2.3 billion per year, 
from 2018-2021 was on average EUR 2.1 billion and in 2022 EUR 1.1 billion. The amount of debt to 
be repaid in the years after 2022 amounts to EUR 4.4 billion. Future debt repayments (medium-long 
term) are significantly lower than in the past. 
The securities portfolio totalled EUR 12.1 billion as at December 2011 of which EUR 7.3 billion is 
sovereign debt (Portuguese Government Bonds totalled EUR 4.7 billion of which EUR 3.0 billion are 
Bonds and EUR 1.7 billion are T-Bills, Polish Government Bonds totalled EUR 0.8 billion; 
                                                     
"Performing loans" means loans to Customers (gross) minus the stock of non-performing exposures. 
27 "Pre-provision profit" means net interest income, dividends from equity instruments, net commissions, net trading income, other net 
operating income and equity accounted earnings minus operating costs.

--- Page 193 ---
193 
 
Mozambican long-term Government Bonds totalled EUR 0.3 billion and other totalled EUR 1.5 billion) 
and EUR 4.8 billion other instruments. The securities portfolio totalled EUR 21.8 billion as at 31 
December 2022 of which EUR 16.5 billion is sovereign debt (Portuguese Government Bonds totalled 
EUR 6.3 billion of which EUR 6.0 billion are bonds and EUR 0.3 billion are T-Bills, Polish Government 
Bonds totalled EUR 3.3 billion; Mozambican Government Bonds totalled EUR 0.5 billion and other 
totalled EUR 6.4 billion) and EUR 5.3 billion other instruments. 
Evolution of some relevant indicators of the Bank between 2011 and 2022 
 
Consolidated 
2011 
2012 
2013 
2014 
2015 
2016 
2017 
2018 
2019 
2020 
2021 
2022 
Contribution to 
consolidated results 
of international 
operations (€ mn)...  
- 
- 
159 
178 
170 
173 
175 
187 
144 
49 
-35 
-146 
Net loans (€ bn) ........  
68.0 
62.6 
56.8 
53.7 
52 
48 
47.6 
48.1 
52.3 
54.1 
56.4 
56.2 
Deposits (€ bn) .........  
47.5 
49.4 
49.0 
49.8 
51.5 
48.8 
51.2 
55.2 
60.9 
63.3 
69.6 
75.9 
Commercial gap (€ 
bn) .........................  
20.5 
13.2 
7.8 
3.9 
0.4 
-0.8 
-3.6 
-7.1 
-8.6 
-9.2 
-13.2 
-19.7 
ECB funding (total 
collateral) (€ bn) ...  
15.7 
22.3 
19.9 
14.2 
13.9 
12.1 
12.8 
16.9 
17.1 
22.5 
25.5 
23.9 
ECB funding (€ bn) ..  
12.4 
10.5 
10.0 
6.6 
5.3 
4.4 
3.0 
2.7 
0.3 
3.3 
1.7 
-2.6 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Individual (Portugal) 
2013 
2014 
2015 
2016 
2017 
2018 
2019 
2020 
2021 
2022 
Net Interest Income (€ mn) ............ 
343 
527 
711 
736 
808 
803 
789 
805 
831 
951 
Net Interest Margin (%) ................. 
0.6% 
1.0% 
1.5% 
1.6% 
1.8% 
1.8% 
1.7% 
1.6% 
1.4% 
1.5% 
Cost of time deposits (bps) ............ 
-239 
-173 
-123 
-83 
-69 
-56 
-56 
-52 
-57 
27 
Total funding costs (%).................. 
2.41% 
1.92% 
1.21% 
0.78% 
0.44% 
0.33% 
0.26% 
0.13% 
0.01% 
0.09% 
Operating costs (€ mn)(*) ................ 
853 
690 
644 
624 
588 
641 
674 
650 
693 
602 
Number of branches(**)................... 
774 
695 
671 
618 
578 
546 
505 
478 
434 
408 
Number of employees(***).............. 
8,584 
7,795 
7,459 
7,333 
7,189 
7,095 
7,204 
7,013 
6,289 
6,252 
Impairment charges (€ mn) ............ 
743 
1,021 
730 
1,045 
533 
389 
279 
354 
273 
218 
Cost of risk (bps) ........................... 
157 
233 
175 
266 
140 
105 
76 
92 
69 
54 
Performing loans (€ bn) ................. 
34.5 
32.9 
31.8 
30.8 
31.2 
32.4 
33.5 
36.1 
38.0 
38.8 
Customer deposits (Term deposits) 
(€ bn) .......................................... 
24.9 
24.3 
21.9 
19.9 
18.9 
18.2 
16.7 
16.1 
15.9 
19.2 
Customer deposits (On-demand 
deposits) (€ bn) ........................... 
9.0 
10.1 
12.9 
14.1 
16.4 
19.5 
22.7 
27.2 
31.8 
33.5 
(*) FY 2011: 1,039 .......................... 
 
 
 
(**) 885 in 2011 ............................... 
 
 
 
(***) 9,959 in 2011 ...........................

--- Page 194 ---
194 
 
Organisational Structure 
The Bank and the Group 
The following diagram summarises the organisational structure of the principal subsidiaries of the 
Group as at 31 December 2022: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
In addition, the Bank's subsidiary, Millennium bcp – Prestação de Serviços ACE represents its 
associates regarding third parties, namely in the areas of IT, operational, administrative and 
procurement.  The Bank is, directly or indirectly, the ultimate holding company of all the companies in 
the Group and is not dependent upon other entities within the Group.  Being the ultimate holding 
company of the Group, the activities developed by the other members of the Group have an impact on 
the Bank. 
Ownership and Control 
The Bank is not aware of any shareholder or group of connected shareholders who directly or indirectly 
controls the Bank. 
Significant Subsidiaries 
The following is a list of the main subsidiaries of the Bank as of 31 December 2022: 
 
Banco Comercial Português, 
S.A. 
Domestic Operations
Interfundos Gestão
de Fundos de 
Investimento
Imobiliário, S.A. 
(100 %) 
Bank Millennium 
(Poland)
(50.1%)
Banco ActivoBank
(Internet/Mobile 
Bank)
(100%)
Banco Internacional
de Moçambique
(Mozambique) 
(66.7%)
Millennium bcp
Ageas Grupo 
Segurador, S.G.P.S.
S.A. * 
(Bancassurance) 
(49.0%) 
Banco Millennium 
Atlântico (Angola) * 
(22.5%)
Foreign Operations
* Consolidated by the equity method.

--- Page 195 ---
195 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Subsidiary companies 
Head Office 
Activity 
% held by the Group 
% held by the Bank 
Banco ActivoBank, S.A. ...........  
Lisbon 
Banking 
100 
100 
Banco Millennium Atlântico, S.A.
 ..............................................  
Luanda 
Banking 
22.5 
– 
Bank Millennium, S.A. .............  
Warsaw 
Banking 
50.1 
50.1 
Banco Internacional de 
Moçambique, S.A. ................  
Maputo 
Banking 
66.7 
– 
Interfundos - Gestão de Fundos de 
Investimento Imobiliários, S.A.
 ..............................................  
Oeiras 
Investment 
fund 
management 
100 
100 
Millennium bcp – Prestação de 
Serviços, A. C. E. ..................  
Lisbon 
Services 
98.6 
93.0 
Millenniumbcp Ageas Grupo 
Segurador, S.G.P.S., S.A. ......  
Oeiras 
Holding company 
49 
49 
General information 
So far as the Bank is aware, there are no arrangements in place, the operation of which may result in a 
change of control of the Bank. 
The Bank has made no material investments since the date of the last published financial statements 
and the Bank has not made relevant firm commitments on future investments. 
There have been no recent events particular to the Bank, which are to a material extent relevant to the 
evaluation of the Bank's solvency. 
Share Capital 
The authorised, issued and fully paid up share capital of the Bank is EUR 3,000,000,000.00 divided 
into 15,113,989,952 shares with no nominal value. The shares are ordinary, issued in a dematerialised 
book-entry form (escriturais) and nominativas, and are integrated in a centralised system recognised 
under the Portuguese Securities Code (Central de Valores Mobiliários) managed by Interbolsa – 
Sociedade Gestora de Sistemas de Liquidação e de Sistemas Centralizados de Valores Mobiliários, 
S.A., with its registered office at Avenida da Boavista, 3433, 4100 -138 Oporto. 
Legislation regulating the activity of the Bank 
The Bank is governed by European Union rules, banking and commercial Portuguese laws on limited 
liability companies (sociedades anónimas) – notably by the Portuguese Companies Code (Código das 
Sociedades Comerciais) – and, in particular, by the Banking Law, by the Portuguese Securities Code 
(Código dos Valores Mobiliários) and other complementary legislation. Further, subsidiaries located in 
EU countries and third countries are subject to local laws and regulations. 
In general terms, the Bank's activities are subject to the supervision of the following supervisory entities: 
(i) as a credit institution, the European Central Bank ("ECB") under the Single Supervisory Mechanism 
("SSM"), that supervises the Bank on a consolidated basis (at solo basis for the group's entities located 
in the euro area) and of Banco de Portugal, (ii) as an issuer and a financial intermediary, the Comissão 
do Mercado de Valores Mobiliários, the Portuguese securities market authority ("CMVM"); and (iii) 
when acting as insurance intermediary, the Autoridade de Supervisão de Seguros e Fundos de Pensões, 
the Portuguese insurance and pension funds supervisory authority ("ASF"). It is also subject to the 
authority of the Single Resolution Board ("SRB"). In Poland the Polish Financial Supervision Authority 
("UKNF") ensures the orderly functioning and safe development of the financial market and in 
Mozambique the supervisor is the Banco de Moçambique.

--- Page 196 ---
196 
 
Recent developments on the banking regulation 
Regulatory requirements 
Capital requirements: 
On 12 September 2010, the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision announced a new capital 
agreement on banking supervision known as Basel III, which revised most of the capital and liquidity 
minimum requirements applicable to banks and other financial institutions. The Basel III framework 
set out enhanced standards to strengthen financial institutions’ capital base, improve risk management 
and governance, and increase transparency for market participants. It built on the Basel II three-pillar 
architecture, according to which: (i) Pillar 1 (minimum prudential requirements) sets the binding 
minimum level of capital banks and investment firms need to face major risks; (ii) Pillar 2 (supervisory 
review) allows supervisors to evaluate institution-specific risks and impose additional capital charges 
to face them; and (iii) Pillar 3 (market discipline) aims to increase transparency in banks’ financial 
reporting allowing marketplace participants to better reward well-managed banks. 
The revised regulatory framework of Basel III was implemented in the EU through the adoption of 
Regulation 575/2013/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 2013, as amended, 
on prudential requirements ("CRR") and Directive 2013/36/EU of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 26 June 2013, as amended, on access to the activity of credit institutions on prudential 
requirements ("CRD"). The CRR and the CRD establish the prudential regulatory framework for credit 
institutions and investment firms. The directive governs the access to banking activity, and the CRR 
establishes how to calculate the amount of capital that banks and investment firms must set aside, and 
it also lays down requirements on reporting and liquidity. 
The CRR is directly applicable to Member States since January 2014 and includes the following 
provisions in addition to the minimum capital requirement for CET1 capital of 4.5% of risk weighted 
assets ("RWA"), of 6% for Tier 1 capital ratio and the total capital ratio of 8.0%: 
(i) 
an additional capital conservation ratio requirement of 2.5% over common equity; 
(ii) 
a countercyclical capital buffer, which will be between 0.0% and 2.5% of RWA with the ability 
to absorb losses as a function of the credit cycle subject to its application by national 
supervisory authorities; 
(iii) 
a systemic risk buffer and a buffer for other systemically important institution; and 
(iv) 
the leverage ratio of 3.0%. 
As of June 2021, CRD V/CRR II introduced additional own funds requirements for the leverage ratio 
for which competent authorities are obliged to assess the risk of excessive leverage and potentially 
impose a P2R-LR on top of the P1R-LR if risk of excessive leverage is not covered or not sufficiently 
covered by P1R-LR. Similar to the P2G, the P2G-LR is based on the outcomes of the adverse scenario 
of the relevant supervisory stress tests. 
Following from the regular supervisory review performed by the competent supervisory authorities, 
additional requirements may be established (Pillar 2 requirements - including Pillar 2 requirement for 
the risk of excessive leverage (P2R-LR) - and Pillar 2 guidance, including Pillar 2 guidance for the risk 
of excessive leverage (P2G-LR)).  
Furthermore, CRD empowers the European Banking Authority ("EBA") to draw up regulatory technical 
standards that specify some of the aspects covered by CRD and CRR. Upon their adoption by the

--- Page 197 ---
197 
 
European Commission, these norms are directly applicable under Portuguese law. Guidelines issued by 
the EBA are subject to their adoption by national competent authorities. 
The supervision of internal models implemented by banks and other financial institutions is based on 
current applicable EU and national law, including CRR, the relevant regulatory technical standards of 
the EBA and EBA guidelines with which the ECB has announced its intention to comply. The internal 
risk models that the Bank has implemented are supervised and monitored continuously by the 
supervisory authorities, with whom the Bank maintains a regular dialogue on the matter. 
On 23 November 2014, Decree-Law No. 157/2014, of 24 October 2014 ("Decree-Law No. 157/2014"), 
entered into force, amending the Legal Framework of Credit Institutions and Financial Companies, and 
implementing the then applicable versions of CRD and CRR at domestic level. 
Since entering into force, CRR and CRD have been amended several times addressing identified issues 
in the prudential regulatory framework and implementing some outstanding elements of the global 
financial services reform that are essential to ensuring the resilience of institutions or adjusting to 
extraordinary circumstances. Examples of such adjustments are the introduction of transitional 
arrangements for mitigating the impact of the introduction of IFRS 9 on own funds and for the large 
exposures treatment of certain public sector exposures denominated in the domestic currency of any 
Member State, the requirement for minimum loss coverage for non-performing exposures ("prudential 
backstop") and the adjustments to mitigate impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic ("quick fix"). 
On 7 December 2017, the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision reached an agreement on the 
remaining Basel III reforms ("Basel IV"). Basel IV aims at reducing excessive variability of RWA. The 
agreed reforms address the following topics: 
(i) 
Improvement of the standardised approaches for credit risk; 
(ii) 
Constraints to the use of internal models: banks may, for example, for their exposures to large 
and mid-sized corporates no longer use own estimates for two parameters (the loss-given-
default and exposure at default) but rather use fixed values instead. Moreover, after the reform, 
internal ratings-based approaches will no longer be allowed for exposures to equities; 
(iii) 
Improvement of the operational risk framework: current approaches are replaced with a single 
risk-sensitive standardised approach to be used by all banks; internal models will no longer be 
allowed to address losses that stem from misconduct, inadequate systems and controls, etc.; 
(iv) 
Introduction of a different output floor set at 72.5% introducing a limit to the regulatory capital 
benefits that a bank using internal models can derive compared to the standardised approaches; 
and 
(v) 
Revised procedure for calculating credit valuation adjustments (CVAs) in derivatives. 
Directive (EU) 2017/2399 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 12 December 2017 
(regarding the ranking of unsecured debt instruments in insolvency hierarchy), which amended BRRD, 
was implemented in Portugal through Law No. 23/2019, of 13 March 2019, creating a new asset class 
of “non-preferred” senior debt that ranks in insolvency above own-funds instruments and subordinated 
liabilities that do not qualify as own funds, but below other senior liabilities. Further, it confers a 
preferential claim to generally all deposits vis-à-vis unsecured senior debt. Additionally, under the final 
rules to be implemented following the European Commission’s recent proposal to adjust and further 
strengthen the existing EU bank crisis management and deposit insurance (CMDI) framework, the 
ranking in insolvency of depositors may be further changed or enhanced.

--- Page 198 ---
198 
 
The banking package approved by the Council in May 2019 implemented further material elements of 
the Basel III framework (Basel IV) by the way of amendments to the CRR, CRD, the BRRD and the 
SSM Regulation. 
This legislative package included revised rules on calculating capital requirements for market risk (the 
“Fundamental review of the trading book”), introduction of a binding leverage ratio and a binding net 
stability funding ratio ("NSFR") and streamlining Pillar 2 capital requirements. This legislative package 
also adjusts the minimum requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities ("MREL"). The above 
regulations and directives entered into force on 27 June 2019. Member States shall adopt and publish 
the measures necessary to comply with the directives. 
The Bank also operates under Banking Law, applicable to credit institutions in Portugal. On 9 December 
2022, Law no. 23-A/2022 implemented CRD V and BRRD II on access to banking and prudential 
supervision and the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and investment firms, respectively. 
Regulation (EU) 2020/873 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 24 June 2020, which 
contains amendments to the CRR in response to the COVID-19 pandemic, brought forward the 
application dates for certain reforms introduced by the CRR, such as the exemption of certain software 
assets from capital deductions, specific treatment envisaged for certain loans backed by pensions or 
salaries, as well as small and medium-sized enterprises and infrastructure supporting factors. Also 
following the COVID-19 pandemic, the Basel Committee’s oversight body, the Group of Central Bank 
Governors and Heads of Supervision, has endorsed a set of measures to provide additional operational 
capacity for banks and supervisors to respond to the immediate financial stability priorities resulting 
from the impact of the coronavirus. 
These measures comprise the following changes to the implementation timeline of the outstanding 
Basel III standards: 
• 
The implementation date of Basel IV has been deferred by one year to 1 January 2023. The 
accompanying transitional arrangements for the output floor have also been extended by one 
year to 1 January 2028. 
• 
The implementation date of the revised market risk framework finalised in January 2019 has 
been deferred by one year to 1 January 2023. 
• 
The implementation date of the revised Pillar 3 disclosure requirements finalised in December 
2018 has been deferred by one year to 1 January 2023. 
On 27 October 2021, the European Commission published a proposal aiming to finalise the EU’s 
implementation of the Basel III framework in the EU consisting of a legislative proposal to amend the 
CRD, the CRR, which is scheduled to apply from 1 January 2025. Amendments to the existing 
framework comprise, among others, fit and proper requirements, the application of output floors on 
RWAs for IRB banks, possibility to revert from IRB to standardised, higher risk weights for equity 
exposures, changes on the market risk and operational risk and requirements to identify and manage 
environmental, social and governance risks. 
 On 8 November 2022, the EU Council set its position on the proposals, specifying that banks have the 
discretion to apply the output floor at the highest level of consolidation and that fit and proper 
framework should further consider national specificities and practices, while agreeing with the two-
year delay to 2025. 
The estimated CET1 ratio as at 31 December 2022 stood at 12.6% phased-in and 12.5% fully 
implemented, reflecting a change of +93 and +77 basis points, respectively, compared to the 11.7%

--- Page 199 ---
199 
 
both phased-in and fully implemented ratios reported in the same period of 2021 and above the 
minimum ratios defined on the scope of SREP for the year 2022 (CET1 9.156%, Tier 1 11.125% and 
Total 13.750%). The supervisory authority's decision on the application of article 352 (2) of the CRR 
is awaited to exclude certain structural exchange rate positions from the calculation of market risk-
weighted assets, to immunise regulatory ratios against changes in exchange rates. This change is 
estimated to have an impact on the CET1 ratio of, at least, +51 basis points. 
Capital buffers: The criteria for maintenance by credit institutions and certain investment companies of 
additional own funds’ buffers include: 
(a) 
a capital conservation buffer; 
(b) 
the institution's specific countercyclical capital buffer; 
(c) 
the systemic risk buffer; and 
(d) 
the other systemically important institutions buffer. 
The combined buffer requirement ("CBR") with which each institution is required to comply 
corresponds to the sum of the capital conservation buffer, the institution-specific countercyclical capital 
buffer, and the higher of the O-SII buffer and the systemic risk buffer (except where the latter only 
applies to risk exposures in the Member State which activated the measure, in which case it is additive). 
These measures have the objective of safeguarding financial stability, by strengthening the resilience 
of the financial sector and preventing systemic risk. The set of instruments and intermediate objectives 
will be revised and adjusted by the competent authorities where necessary to better safeguard financial 
stability. In addition, other macroprudential policy instruments may be activated if deemed necessary. 
Failure to comply with these buffers implies restrictions on distributions relating to CET1 own funds 
as well as an obligation to submit to the competent authorities a capital conservation plan within 5 
business days of the breach. 
Capital conservation buffer: The capital conservation buffer requirement aims to accommodate losses 
from a potential adverse scenario. The Bank has a requirement (at an individual and consolidated level) 
to maintain a minimum CET1 capital buffer of 2.5%, as provided in Article 138-D of the Banking Law. 
Countercyclical buffer: The countercyclical capital buffer is a macroprudential instrument aiming to 
improve the banking system's resilience to periods of excessive credit growth. The establishment of 
variable capital requirements over the cycle is expected to contribute to mitigating the pro-cyclicality 
of banks' credit policies. The following apply to this buffer: 
(i) 
the rate will be set between 0% and 2.5% of the total risk exposure amount; 
(ii) 
the rate is calibrated in steps of 0.25 percentage points or multiples of 0.25 percentage points; 
and 
(iii) 
in exceptional cases, the rate may be set at a level above 2.5%. 
The buffer rate for each institution, known as the “institution-specific countercyclical buffer rate”, is a 
weighted average of the countercyclical buffer rates that apply in the countries where the credit 
exposures of that institution are located. This requirement is met with CET1 capital. Under the SSM, 
the ECB can propose higher minimum capital requirements than the ones defined by the national 
authorities. This capital buffer will apply to all credit risk exposures, with credit exposures to the 
domestic private non-financial sector, of credit institutions and investment firms subject to the 
supervision of Banco de Portugal or the ECB (SSM), as applicable.

--- Page 200 ---
200 
 
The countercyclical buffer rate for credit exposures to the domestic counterparties (Portugal) will 
remain at zero per cent. of the total risk exposure amount in effect since 30 December 2022. This 
decision is reviewed on a quarterly basis by Banco de Portugal.  
Systemic risk buffer: In order to calculate the systemic risk buffer, Banco de Portugal categorises 
institutions as global systemically important institution ("G-SII") or other systemically important 
institution ("O-SII"). Banco de Portugal can also impose a systemic risk buffer of CET1 capital on an 
individual, sub-consolidated or consolidated basis of at least 1% of the risk exposure to which such 
buffer is applicable, to prevent or reduce the long-term non-cyclic systemic or macroprudential risks 
that present a risk of disruption in the financial system and the Portuguese economy in 2022. 
The Bank is currently classified as an O-SII, and as such it is subject to concurrent additional capital 
requirements. The O-SII buffer rates range from 0.25% to 1% of the total risk exposure (maximum level 
of 2%) and consists of CET1 capital on a consolidated basis. The cap on the O-SII buffer rate of 2% 
has been lifted with CRD V to 3%, subject to the approval of the European Commission. These buffers 
are revised each year or in the event of a significant restructuring process, particularly, a merger or 
acquisition. 
A G-SII could face additional requirements. Although it is currently not anticipated that Portuguese 
banks may be classified as G-SIIs, there is no assurance that this will not change in the future. 
The macroprudential toolkit for banks has been applicable since 2014, mostly comprising a set of 
prudential tools designed to limit systemic risks and safeguard financial stability. The European 
Commission is working on improving the EU macroprudential framework for the banking sector. A 
legislative proposal may be submitted by the European Commission to the European Parliament and to 
the Council in 2023. Such changes may have an impact on some of the above-mentioned buffer 
requirements.  
The ECB revised its floor methodology for assessing capital buffers for O-SIIs. The revised floor 
methodology increases the number of buckets to which O-SIIs are allocated from four to six and raises 
the floor level for the highest bucket to 1.50% while keeping the floor of the lowest bucket unchanged 
at 0.25%. The ECB will use the revised floor methodology to assess O-SII buffers proposed by national 
authorities as of 1 January 2024. 
The Bank’s O-SII buffer was set at 1% and is to be complied with from 1 January 2023 onwards. 
On 10 February 2022, the ECB announced the end of the last temporary relief measures available to 
banks, hence confirming the return to normality under the initially envisaged timeline. 
Evolution of the Solvency Ratio in 2022 
The estimated CET1 ratio as at 31 December 2022 stood at 12.6% phased-in and 12.5% fully 
implemented, reflecting a change of +93 and +77 basis points, respectively, compared to the 11.7% 
both phased-in and fully implemented ratios reported in the same period of 2021 and above the 
minimum ratios defined on the scope of SREP for the year 2022 (CET1 9.156%, T1 11.125% and Total 
13.750%). The Bank requested to the supervisory authority the application of article 352 (2) of the CRR 
to exclude certain structural exchange rate positions from the calculation of market risk-weighted assets, 
to preserve regulatory ratios against changes in exchange rates. This change is estimated to have an 
impact on the CET1 ratio of around 50 bps. Subsequently, in March 2023 the Bank received a 
favourable decision from the relevant supervisory authority. 
The evolution of capital ratios in 2022 continued to be significantly impacted by Bank Millennium’s 
increase in provisions to cover the legal risks associated with loans in foreign currency and with the

--- Page 201 ---
201 
 
new regime of moratoriums on mortgage loans adopted in Poland. These effects were offset by the 
positive performance of the recurrent activity in Portugal, as well as by the capital reinforcement 
measures adopted. 
 
SOLVABILITY RATIOS 
(Euro million) 
31 Dec. 22 
31 Dec. 21 
31 Dec. 21 
31 Dec. 21 
PHASED-IN 
FULLY IMPLEMENTED 
OWN FUNDS 
Common Equity Tier 1 (CET1) 
5,442 
5,373 
5,382 
5,375 
Tier 1 
5,939 
5,882 
5,875 
5,884 
TOTAL CAPITAL 
7,279 
7,213 
7,241 
7,247 
RISK WEIGHTED ASSETS 
43,103 
45,933 
43,106 
45,863 
CAPITAL RATIOS (*) 
CET1 
12.6%
11.7%
12.5%
11.7%
Tier 1 
13.8%
12.8%
13.6%
12.8%
Total 
16.9%
15.7%
16.8%
15.8%
 ________________________  
 (*) Includes the cumulative net income recorded in each period. 
Leverage ratio 
The leverage ratio is a (non-risk-sensitive) measure of a bank’s ability to meet its long-term financial 
obligations, calculated by dividing the Tier 1 capital by a non-risk-based measure of an institution's on-
balance and off-balance sheet items and expressed as a percentage. 
CRD imposes a binding leverage ratio minimum requirement of 3%. Under the CRD rules, additional 
leverage ratio requirements can be imposed to address the institution-specific risk of excessive leverage.  
The Bank’s leverage ratio was 6.0% fully implemented, as at 31 December 2022. 
Liquidity requirements 
Basel III and CRD and CRR, provide for the setting of short- and long-term liquidity ratios and funding 
ratios, namely the liquidity coverage ratio ("LCR") and the NSFR.  
The Bank's LCR calculated in accordance with the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/61, 
of 10 October 2014, as amended, and the NSFR, estimated in accordance with Basel III methodology, 
were 212% and 154%, respectively, as at 31 December 2022, higher than the reference value of 100% 
(fully implemented). 
The LCR requires that banks have sufficient high-quality liquid assets ("HQLA") in their liquidity 
buffer to cover the difference between the expected cash outflows and the expected capped cash inflows 
over a 30-day stressed period. The value of the ratio is to be no lower than 100% (the stock of HQLAs 
should at least equal total net cash outflows).  
The NSFR is defined as the amount of available stable funding relative to the amount of required stable 
funding. This ratio should be equal to at least 100% on an on-going basis. "Available stable funding" 
is defined as the portion of capital and liabilities expected to be reliable over the time horizon considered 
by the NSFR, which extends to one year. The ratio aims at ensuring that the funding of illiquid assets 
is made through stable sources, both in normal as well as adverse conditions.

--- Page 202 ---
202 
 
Sustainable Finance 
The European Union is strongly supporting the transition to a low-carbon, more resource-efficient and 
sustainable economy and it has been at the forefront of efforts to build a financial system that supports 
sustainable growth. On 11 December 2019, the European Commission presented the European Green 
Deal, a growth strategy aiming to make Europe the first climate neutral continent by 2050. To this end, 
the European Commission has developed a comprehensive policy agenda on sustainable finance since 
2018, comprising the action plan on financing sustainable growth and the development of a renewed 
sustainable finance strategy in the framework of the European Green Deal. On 18 June 2020, a 
sustainable taxonomy for the EU was put forward through Regulation (EU) 2020/852 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council on the establishment of a framework to facilitate sustainable investment 
("EU Taxonomy"), applicable to financial market participants offering financial products, financial and 
non-financial firms under Directive 2014/95/EU (NFRD). 
It establishes a classification scheme for economic activities based on their environmental sustainability 
which is primarily aimed at supporting mandatory disclosures. On 21 April 2021, the European 
Commission approved in principle the first delegated act aimed to support sustainable investment by 
making it clearer which economic activities most contribute to meeting the EU’s environmental 
objectives. Specifically, for the banking sector, the EBA was given several mandates to assess how 
environmental, social and governance (ESG) risks can be incorporated into the three pillars of prudential 
supervision. Based on this, the EBA published an Action Plan on sustainable finance and a Discussion 
Paper on the integration of ESG risks into the regulatory and supervisory framework. 
Complementing the sustainability taxonomy defined by Regulation (EU) 2020/852, Delegated 
Regulation (EU) 2021/2139 has set out the technical screening criteria for determining under which 
conditions an economic activity qualifies as contributing substantially to climate change mitigation or 
climate change adaptation and establish that such economic activity does not cause significant harm to 
any one of the environmental objectives set out in the Regulation. It will thus allow banks to test their 
"transition capacity" and identify: i) transition or adaptation financing needs of banks' counterparties 
(how much counterparties need to invest for transition) and ii) the most vulnerable exposures from a 
transition and adaptation perspective. On 30 March 2022, the recommendations for the final technical 
screening criteria for the remaining EU Taxonomy objectives were published by the Platform for 
Sustainable Finance. 
In accordance with the provisions of Regulation (EU) 2019/2088 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 27 November 2019, the European Commission addressed the equally complex need for 
classification requirements for sustainable investment products through the Sustainable Finance 
Disclosure Regulation ("SFDR"), which establishes harmonised disclosure requirements. The SFDR 
regulation, applicable to financial market participants and financial advisers since March 2021, aims 
not only to classify sustainable investment products, but to harmonise the sustainability-related 
information disclosed at product and company level, including their strategic business and policy 
decisions, on their websites, pre-contractual information and periodic reports. Financial market 
participants that make and sell sustainable investment products have disclosure obligations in relation 
to their sustainable products, namely at the level of (i) integration of sustainability risks, (ii) 
consideration, in their processes, of negative impacts on sustainability and (iii) in the provision of 
sustainability information in relation to financial products. 
The integration of ESG risks into the supervisory framework is supported by the ECB’s economy-wide 
climate stress tests, while EBA has already defined the inclusion of ESG related risks in the Pillar 2 
framework.

--- Page 203 ---
203 
 
Response to the COVID-19 crisis 
ECB Banking Supervision provided temporary capital and operational relief in reaction to the COVID-
19 crisis 
In March 2020, the ECB announced several measures to support banks amid the coronavirus-related 
economic shock to the global economy. Measures included operating temporarily below the level of 
capital defined by the Pillar 2 Guidance, the capital conservation buffer and the LCR, using capital 
instruments that do not qualify as CET1 capital to meet the Pillar 2 capital requirements ("P2R") and 
excluding central bank exposures from their leverage ratio. 
On 28 April 2020, the European Commission adopted a banking package to help mitigate the impact of 
the Coronavirus. It included an Interpretative Communication on the EU's accounting and prudential 
frameworks, as well as targeted "quick fix" amendments to EU banking rules. 
On 24 June 2020, Regulation (EU) 2020/873 (the CRR "quick fix") of the European Parliament and of 
the Council amending Regulations (EU) No 575/2013 and (EU) 2019/876 as regards certain 
adjustments in response to the COVID-19 pandemic was adopted. On 15 December 2020, the ECB 
published a recommendation concerning dividend distributions during the COVID-19 pandemic 
(repealing Recommendation ECB/2020/35).  
On 23 July 2021, the ECB decided not to extend beyond September 2021 its recommendation that all 
banks limit dividends. On 10 February 2022, the ECB announced the end of the last temporary relief 
measures available to banks.  
Banking Union 
In an effort to harmonise the regulation and supervision of banking activities across the European Union 
and especially in the Eurozone, the European Commission established a new common regulation 
(Single Rule Book) and a common supervisory architecture (European Supervisor Authorities together 
with Nacional Competent Authorities. The key-elements of the Banking Union are the Single 
Supervisory Mechanism ("SSM"), the SRM and the European Deposits Insurance Scheme ("EDIS"): 
(i) 
The SSM, which assigns the role of direct banking sector supervisor to the ECB in order to 
ensure that the largest banks in Europe are independently supervised under common rules 
(operating since 4 November 2014); 
(ii) 
The SRM, which is responsible for planning for the worst-case scenario, namely the failure of 
a bank, to ensure that the situation can be resolved in an orderly manner; 
(iii) 
On 24 November 2015, the European Commission presented a legislative proposal that aims to 
add another element to the Banking Union, the EDIS, which is to be built on the basis of existing 
national Deposit Guarantee Schemes ("DGS"), but yet to be implemented. 
As part of the agenda for the completion of the Banking Union, the bank crisis management and deposit 
insurance framework ("CMID") - consisting of the BRRD, SRMR and the DGSD, acting together with 
relevant national legislation - is under review. The purpose of the review is to increase the efficiency, 
proportionality and overall coherence of the crisis management and deposit insurance framework. 
Furthermore, the underlying resolution rules were changed through the provisions of the BRRD, 
according to which resolutions shall mainly be financed by banks’ shareholders and creditors. Where 
necessary, financing can also be provided, on a complementary basis, by the newly established Single 
Resolution Fund (the "SRF"), which is financed by the European banking industry. The SRF is expected

--- Page 204 ---
204 
 
to reach its target funding level by the end of 2023. Members of the Eurozone are automatically part of 
the Banking Union, while other Member States may opt in. 
The Single Supervisory Mechanism 
The Banking Union assigns specific tasks to the ECB concerning policies relating to the prudential 
supervision of credit institutions. According to the regulation, the SSM is intended to ensure that the 
European Union policy relating to the prudential supervision of credit institutions is implemented in a 
coherent and effective manner, that the single rulebook for financial services is applied in the same 
manner to credit institutions in all Member States concerned and that those credit institutions are subject 
to supervision of the highest quality, unfettered by other non-prudential considerations. 
The ECB directly supervises approximately 110 financial institutions, including (since 4 November 
2014) the Bank, that are considered to be systemically relevant, given their dimension and importance 
in the banking system of each Member State. The ECB's supervision of banks that are not considered 
significant ("less significant" institutions) is exercised in conjunction with national authorities. The 
"SSM Regulation" and the "SSM Framework Regulation" provide the legal basis for the operational 
arrangements of the SSM. 
The SSM is also responsible for regularly assessing and measuring the risks for each bank and, 
consequently, the capital and liquidity adequacy of credit institutions through the global evaluation of 
own funds adequacy, by means of the SREP: 
(i) 
During the SREP, the supervisor not only defines banks' capital requirements, (e.g. P2R - 
including P2R-LR - and Pillar 2 capital guidance ("P2G") – including Pillar 2 guidance for the 
risk of excessive leverage ("P2G-LR"), but may also decide to impose additional measures on 
banks, including liquidity and qualitative measures. The final measures to be adopted will be 
assessed, on a case-by-case basis, by the Supervisory Board of the ECB; 
(ii) 
The prudential requirements require banks to maintain a total SREP capital requirement 
("TSCR") that includes CET1 instruments and other capital instruments; 
(iii) 
Banks are also subject to the overall capital requirement ("OCR") that includes, in addition to 
the TSCR, additional capital buffers, namely "the combined buffer", comprised of the 
countercyclical capital buffer, capital conservation buffer and systemic buffer, as described 
above; and 
(iv) 
The P2G is to be made up entirely of CET1 capital and should be held over and above the OCR. 
Failure to comply with the P2G is not itself a breach of own funds requirements, but it may be 
subject to additional measures adjusted to the individual situation of the bank. The P2G is not 
relevant for purposes of the Maximum Distributable Amount ("MDA").  
The MDA is the maximum amount a bank is allowed to pay out, for example for bonuses or dividends. 
The MDA is calculated as the amount of interim or year-end profits not yet incorporated in CET1 
capital, multiplied by a factor ranging from 0 to 0.6 depending on the size of the CET1 shortfall against 
the combined buffer. An institution which does not report interim or year-end profits, and which does 
not comply with the combined buffer, is not allowed to distribute dividends, to pay coupons on AT1 
instruments, nor to pay discretionary bonuses. 
The CRD clarifies the conditions for imposing Pillar 2 additional requirements, i.e., the institution-
specific nature of Pillar 2 add-ons makes them unsuitable for macro-prudential purposes, for which 
other specific tools are set out. It also clarifies the interaction between the Pillar 2 add-ons, the Pillar 1 
requirements, the own funds and eligible liabilities requirement, the MREL and the combined buffers

--- Page 205 ---
205 
 
(the 'stacking order') while clarifying the distinction between Pillar 2 requirements imposed by 
supervisors to address institution-specific actual risks and (non-binding) P2G, which refers to the 
possibility for competent authorities to indicate to banks the level of capital in excess of Pillar 1, Pillar 
2 and combined buffers requirements that they expect them to hold to face forward-looking and remote 
stresses. 
The EBA issues guidelines on common procedures and methodologies for the SREP. These guidelines 
introduce consistent methodologies for the assessment of risks to capital and risks to liquidity, and for 
the assessment of the Bank's capital and liquidity adequacy. Changes to guidelines, after being endorsed 
by the competent authorities may also have implications on the Bank's compliance of supervisory 
requirements. 
The Single Resolution Mechanism 
A new recovery and resolution regime introduced tools and powers aimed at addressing banking crisis 
in advance through Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 May 
2014, as amended, established a framework for recovery and resolution ("BRRD"). The SRM, 
establishes uniform rules and procedures for the resolution of credit institutions (the "SRM 
Regulation") regarding the loss-absorbing and recapitalisation capacity. 
 On 10 December 2022, Law no. 23-A/2022 of 9 December entered into force, revising a wide range of 
banking and financial rules related to the transposition of the CRD V and BRRD II. It also amends the 
Banking Law and the Portuguese Securities Code (Código dos Valores Mobiliários). In the event of a 
bank's critical financial condition ("fail or likely to fail"), the Banking Union’s framework was 
designed to minimise the impact of any particular bank's financial difficulties on the financial system 
and on taxpayers. Under the envisaged SRM, shareholders of the institution would be the first to bear 
losses, before that institution’s lenders in accordance with the applicable creditor hierarchy set out under 
applicable legislation. To that end, resolution authorities were given the power to allocate losses to 
shareholders and creditors (including holders of any Notes) (the "bail in" tool, as per Article 43 of the 
BRRD), in line with the valuation of the failing business and according to the sequence of write down 
and conversion provided in Article 48 of the BRRD. Shareholders and creditors must therefore absorb 
losses for at least 8% of their total liabilities, including own funds, before any use of the resolution fund. 
Guaranteed deposits are expected to be safeguarded and creditors should not bear losses greater than 
those that they would have suffered had the institution been liquidated under ordinary insolvency 
proceedings. The BRRD contemplates that subordinated liabilities (such as the Subordinated Notes) 
may be subject to non-viability loss absorption, in addition to the application of the general bail-in tool 
(which may apply to any of the Notes). 
As such, the Banking Union and, in particular, the use of resolution tools and powers provided for by 
the Banking Union, may disrupt the rights of shareholders and creditors. In particular, the power of the 
authorities to transfer the shares or all or part of the assets of an institution to a private purchaser without 
the consent of shareholders affects the property rights of shareholders. In addition, the power to decide 
which liabilities to transfer out of a failing institution based upon the objectives of ensuring the 
continuity of services and avoiding adverse effects on financial stability may affect the equal treatment 
of creditors. 
To avoid institutions structuring their liabilities in a manner that impedes the effectiveness of the bail-
in tool, the BRRD requires that institutions meet at all times a MREL expressed as a percentage of the 
total liabilities and own funds of the institution. When determining MREL in accordance with points 
(a) and (b) of Article 45 (6) of the BRRD and in applying the bail-in tool, the resolution authority should 
ensure that the institution is capable of absorbing an adequate amount of losses and that the post-
resolution entity is recapitalised by an amount sufficient to meet ongoing capital prudential

--- Page 206 ---
206 
 
requirements after resolution, while sustaining sufficient market confidence. The resolution authority 
should also take into account the assessments made by the competent authority on the business model, 
funding model, and risk profile of the institution in order to set prudential requirements. 
By delivering a comprehensive framework that ensures that shareholders and creditors bear the cost of 
bank failure, the BRRD aims at: 
(i) 
safeguarding the continuity of essential banking operations; 
(ii) 
protecting the depositors, the client's assets and the public funds; 
(iii) 
risks to financial stability; and 
(iv) 
avoiding the unnecessary destruction of value. 
Accordingly, resolution powers include, among others: 
• 
the power to reduce, including to reduce to zero, the principal amount of or outstanding amount 
due in respect of eligible liabilities, of an institution under resolution; 
• 
the power to convert eligible liabilities of an institution under resolution into ordinary shares or 
other instruments of ownership of that institution; 
• 
the power to cancel debt instruments issued by an institution under resolution except for secured 
liabilities subject to Article 44(2) of the BRRD; and 
• 
the power to reduce, including to reduce to zero, the nominal amount of shares or other 
instruments of ownership of an institution under resolution and to cancel such shares or other 
instruments of ownership. 
These powers conferred to resolution authorities are such as to ensure that capital instruments (including 
Additional Tier 1 and Tier 2 instruments) absorb losses at the point of non-viability of the issuing 
institution. Accordingly, the BRRD contemplates that resolution authorities may require the write down 
of such capital instruments in full or on a permanent basis, or their conversion in full into CET1 
instruments, to the extent required and up to their capacity, at the point of non-viability immediately 
before the application of any other resolution action, if any. 
The BRRD provides, inter alia, that resolution authorities shall exercise the write down power of 
reducing or converting at the point of non-viability of the issuing institution, according to an order of 
priority of credits in normal insolvency procedures, in a way that results in: 
(i) 
CET1 instruments being written down in proportion to the relevant losses; and 
(ii) 
the principal amount of other capital instruments being written down and/or converted into 
CET1 (Tier 1 and Tier 2 instruments). 
Resolution authorities may also apply the bail-in tool to meet the resolution objectives, for any of the 
following purposes: 
(i) 
to recapitalise an institution that meets the conditions for resolution to the extent sufficient to 
restore its ability to comply with the conditions for authorisation and to continue to carry out 
the activities for which it is authorised and to sustain sufficient market confidence in the 
institution or entity; or

--- Page 207 ---
207 
 
(ii) 
to convert to equity or reduce the principal amount of claims or debt instruments that are 
transferred: 
(a) 
to a bridge institution with a view to providing capital for that bridge institution; or 
(b) 
under the sale of business tool or the asset separation tool. 
When applying the bail-in tool, resolution authorities exercise the write-down and conversion powers 
meeting the following sequence: 
1. 
Common Equity Tier 1; 
2. 
Additional Tier 1 instruments; 
3. 
Tier 2 instruments; 
4. 
Other subordinated debt, in accordance with the normal insolvency hierarchy; and 
5. 
Other eligible liabilities, in accordance with the normal insolvency hierarchy. 
On 27 December 2017, Directive (EU) 2017/2399 of the European Parliament and of the Council, of 
12 December 2017, amending the BRRD as regards the ranking of unsecured debt instruments in 
insolvency hierarchy was published in the Official Journal of the EU. The Directive entered into force 
on 28 December 2017 and was implemented in Portugal through Law No. 23/2019, of 13 March, in 
addition to the governing of the position of the unsecured debt instruments in the insolvency hierarchy, 
providing greater legal certainty to the issuance of non-preferred debt, also confers a preferential claim 
to all deposits vis-à-vis senior debt. 
On 3 September 2016, the European Commission adopted the Delegated Regulation (EU) 2016/1450, 
of 23 May 2016, supplementing the BRRD regulatory technical standards, which entered into force on 
23 September 2016, specifying the criteria relating to the methodology for setting the minimum 
requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities. This directive requires that institutions meet the 
MREL to avoid excessive reliance on forms of funding that are excluded from bail-in or other resolution 
measures and prevent the risk of contagion to other institutions and "bank run" situations, since failure 
to meet the MREL would negatively impact the institutions' loss absorption and recapitalisation 
capacity and, ultimately, the overall effectiveness of resolution. 
The MREL shall be calculated based on different components, namely: 
• 
the loss absorption amount, based on the current capital requirements, including regulatory 
capital requirements (8% of RWA), the combined buffer requirements, and additional Pillar 2 
bank-specific requirements set by the supervisor; 
• 
the recapitalisation amount (RCA), which aims to cover the capital requirements of the failing 
institution post-resolution, taking into account potential divestments and other resolution 
actions under the preferred resolution strategy, and the need to maintain sufficient market 
confidence; and 
• 
adjustments to overall MREL target, namely the DGS adjustment, linked to any potential 
involvement of a DGS to protect insured depositors, and other adjustments stemming from the 
resolution measure itself (such as transfer, sale of business and impediments to resolution). 
Resolution authorities may be able to require, on a case-by-case basis, the MREL to be wholly or 
partially composed of own funds or of a specific type of liabilities.

--- Page 208 ---
208 
 
A new category of banks ("top-tier banks") was created with the entry into force of the BRRD II, 
enlarging the group of banks for which a statutory minimum requirement is applicable. Top-tier banks 
are non-G-SIIs with assets above EUR 100 billion. MREL is calculated differently for G-SIIs, "top-tier 
banks" and other banks subject to resolution. Institutions not meeting the criteria for "top-tier banks" 
can, however, under certain conditions, be classified as such. 
The regulatory framework for MREL was revised through amendments to the BRRD, and the Banking 
Package, introducing (i) changes to the MREL calibration (MREL requirement also based on the 
Leverage Ratio Exposure measure completing the existing risk based MREL measure as a percentage 
of the total risk exposure amount) and fine tuning of MREL defined for banking groups with a multiple 
point of entry, (ii) subordination requirements for resolution entities depending on the classification of 
the resolution entity, (iii) internal MREL for no resolution entities; and (iv) provisions for liabilities 
involving the law of third-countries. These changes are subject to transition arrangements and will be 
fully enforceable in 2024. 
BRRD II was implemened in Portugal through Law no. 23-A/2022, of 9 December. 
The Bank is currently subject to an entity specific MREL requirement. As further described in the 
section "Trends Information", the Bank has been notified by Banco de Portugal on the Single Resolution 
Board’s decision regarding the MREL. 
In addition, subject to the requirements under the SRMR, the SRB may impose a prohibition under 
which it would be prohibited to distribute more than the 'maximum distributable amount related to the 
minimum requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities' ("M-MDA"). The SRB may set restrictions 
for banks that do not comply with the CBR considered in addition to MREL, which under the new 
Banking Package is added on top of the MREL requirements expressed in TREA ("Total Risk 
Exposure Assets"), preventing them from distributing more than the M-MDA via various actions 
(including dividend payments on CET1, variable remuneration and payments on AT1 instruments).On 
19 March 2020, the European Commission adopted a Temporary Framework to enable Member States 
to further support the economy in the COVID-19 outbreak. The European Commission announced in 
May 2022 that the State aid COVID-19 Temporary Framework would not be extended beyond the 
expiry date of 30 June 2022, with some exceptions. In particular, solvency support measures may still 
be put in place until 31 December 2023, as already provided for under the existing rules. In addition, 
the Temporary Framework already provides for a flexible transition, under clear safeguards, notably for 
the conversion and restructuring options of debt instruments, such as loans and guarantees, into other 
forms of aid, such as direct grants, until 30 June 2023. 
The SRM and SRF are regulated by the SRM Regulation, which also established the framework for 
recovery and resolution of credit institutions and the calculation method of the annual contributions for 
the funding of the resolution mechanism. 
The main decision-making body of the SRM is the SRB which is responsible for: 
(i) 
the planning and resolution phases of the Banking Union's cross-border and large banks, which 
are directly supervised by the ECB; 
(ii) 
all resolution cases that require recourse to the SRF, irrespective of the size of the bank; 
(iii) 
all banks in the Banking Union. 
The SRB will work in close cooperation with, and will give instructions to, the national authorities of 
Member States, including Banco de Portugal, which is the national resolution authority in Portugal. The 
national authorities of participating Member States (including the Portuguese Republic) are responsible

--- Page 209 ---
209 
 
for planning and adopting resolution plans in respect of those banks for which the SRB is not directly 
responsible. 
The SRF is financed through ex-ante contributions paid annually at individual level by all credit 
institutions within the Banking Union. Contributions to the SRF: 
(i) 
take into account the annual target level of the SRF set by the SRB as well as the size and the 
risk profile of institutions; 
(ii) 
are collected by national resolution authorities and transferred to the SRF by 30 June of every 
year (in accordance with Article 67(4) of the SRM Regulation and in accordance with the 
intergovernmental agreement on the transfer and mutualisation of contributions to the SRF 
("Intergovernmental Agreement"); 
(iii) 
are calculated by the methodology as set out in the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 
2015/63, of 21 October 2014, as amended, and the SRM Regulation; and 
(iv) 
are calculated on the basis of the amount of liabilities deducted from the liability elements that 
belong to Tier 1 and additional own funds and the deposits covered by the Deposit Guarantee 
Scheme and subject to an adjustment in accordance with the risk profile of the participating 
institution, considering its solvability situation. 
In accordance to SRM Regulation, the use of the SRF shall be contingent upon the entry into force of 
an agreement among the participating Member States on transferring the funds raised at national level 
towards the SRF as well as on a progressive merger of the different funds raised at national level to be 
allocated to national compartments of the SRF. This Regulation is applicable since 1 January 2016. As 
such, the SRF does not cover ongoing situations with the Resolution Fund as at 31 December 2015. 
In 2015, following the establishment of the SRF, the Group made an initial EUR 31.4 million 
contribution. In accordance with the Intergovernmental Agreement, this amount was not transferred to 
the SRF but was used instead to partially cover the disbursements made by the Portuguese Resolution 
Fund for resolution measures applied prior to the date of application of this Intergovernmental 
Agreement. Consequently, an equivalent amount will have to be transferred over a period of 8 years 
(starting in 2016) through periodic contributions to the SRF. 
The Portuguese Resolution Fund 
This fund consists of a resolution fund whose primary purpose has been to provide financial support for 
the application of resolution measures as determined by Banco de Portugal ("Resolution Fund"). The 
Resolution Fund foresees the participation of: 
(i) 
credit institutions with a head office in Portugal, including the Bank; 
(ii) 
branches of credit institutions in states that do not belong to the EU; 
(iii) 
relevant companies for the management of payment systems subject to supervision of Banco 
de Portugal; and 
(iv) 
certain types of investment companies. 
Decree-Law No. 31-A/2012, of 10 February 2012, which amended the Banking Law, also introduced, 
on terms subsequently amended by Law No. 23-A/2015, of 26 March 2015, the creation of the privileges 
accorded to claims associated with loans backed-up by deposits under the Deposit Guarantee Fund (the 
"DGF"), as well as credit secured by the DGF, by the Integrated Mutual Agricultural Scheme (which,

--- Page 210 ---
210 
 
in Portugal, is formed by the Central Mutual Agricultural Bank (Caixa Central de Crédito Agrícola 
Mútua) and its associated banks) or by the Resolution Fund, arising from the potential financial support 
that these institutions might give in the context of the implementation of resolution measures, within 
the limits of the applicable laws. 
The regime established in Decree-Law No. 24/2013, of 19 February establishes that Banco de Portugal 
has the authority to determine, by way of instruction ("instrução"), the applicable yearly rate based on 
objective incidence of periodic contributions.  The instruction of Banco de Portugal no. 19/2022, 
published on 15 December 2022, set the base rate for 2023 for the determination of periodic 
contributions to the Resolution Fund at 0.029% (vs. 0.57% in 2022). 
Increases in the base rate in future years may reduce the Bank’s profitability.  
The contribution of the Bank to the Resolution Fund was EUR 18.7 million in 2022, EUR 17.0 million 
in 2021, EUR 15.1 million in 2020, EUR 16.0 million in 2019, EUR 12.1 million in 2018 and EUR 8.5 
million in 2017. The ex-ante contributions for the Resolution Fund are calculated in the same way as 
the abovementioned SRF contributions are calculated. 
According to Article 14(5) of Law No. 23-A/2015, of 26 March 2015, and without prejudice to the ex-
ante and ex-post contributions regulated by the regime, further ex-ante and ex-post contributions can be 
charged for the Resolution Fund in accordance with the regime of Decree-Law No. 24/2013, of 19 
February 2013, if these contributions are intended to enable the compliance with the obligations 
undertaken or to be undertaken by the Resolution Fund by virtue of having financially supported 
resolution measures until 31 December 2014. 
Resolution measure of Banco Espírito Santo, S.A. 
On 3 August 2014, with the purpose of safeguarding the stability of the financial system, Banco de 
Portugal applied a resolution measure to Banco Espírito Santo, S.A. (BES) in accordance with the 
Article 145-C (1.b) of the Banking Law, which entailed, inter alia, the partial transfer of assets, 
liabilities, off-balance sheet items and assets under management into a transition bank, Novo Banco, 
S.A. (Novo Banco), incorporated on that date by a decision issued by Banco de Portugal. Within the 
scope of this process, the Resolution Fund made a capital contribution to Novo Banco amounting to 
EUR 4,900 million, becoming, on that date, the sole shareholder. Further, in accordance with 
information published on the Resolution Fund’s website, the Resolution Fund borrowed EUR 4,600 
million, of which EUR 3,900 million were granted by the Portuguese State and EUR 700 million by a 
group of credit institutions, including the Bank. 
As announced on 29 December 2015, Banco de Portugal transferred to the Resolution Fund the 
liabilities emerging from the “eventual negative effects of future decisions regarding the resolution 
process that may result in liabilities or contingencies”. 
On 7 July 2016, the Resolution Fund declared that it would analyse and evaluate the diligences to be 
taken, following the publication of the report on the result of the independent evaluation, made to 
estimate the level of credit recovery for each category of creditors under a hypothetical scenario of a 
normal insolvency process of BES on 3 August 2014. 
In accordance with the applicable law, when the BES liquidation process is over, if it is verified that 
the creditors, whose credits were not transferred to Novo Banco, would take on a higher loss than the 
one they would hypothetically take if BES had gone into liquidation right before the application of the 
resolution measure, such creditors shall be entitled to receive the difference from the Resolution Fund.

--- Page 211 ---
211 
 
On 31 May 2019, the Liquidation Committee of BES presented a list of all the acknowledged and a list 
of the non-acknowledged creditors before the court and the subsequent terms of the proceedings. These 
lists detail that the total acknowledged credits, including capital, remunerative and default interest 
amounts to EUR 5,056,814,588, of which EUR 2,221,549,499 are common credits and EUR 
2,835,265,089 are subordinated claims, and no guaranteed or privileged claims exist. Both the total 
number of acknowledged creditors and the total value of the acknowledged credits and their ranking 
will only be ultimately determined upon the definitive judicial judgment of the verification and ranking 
of credits to be given in the liquidation proceedings.  
Following the resolution measure of BES, a significant number of lawsuits against the Resolution Fund 
was filed and is underway. According to note 20 of the Resolution Fund’s annual report of 2021, “Legal 
actions related to the application of resolution measures have no legal precedents, which makes it 
impossible to use case law in its evaluation, as well as to obtain a reliable estimate of the associated 
contingent financial impact. (…) The Resolution Fund, supported by legal advice of the attorneys for 
Novo Banco in these actions, and in light of the legal and procedural information available so far, 
considers that there is no evidence to cast doubt on their belief that the probability of success is higher 
than the probability of failure”. 
According to note 22 of the Resolution Fund’s annual report of 2021, "In addition to the Portuguese 
courts, it is important to take into account the litigation of Novo Banco, S.A., in other jurisdictions, 
being noteworthy, for its materiality and respective procedural stage, the litigation in the Spanish 
jurisdiction. (...) Regarding litigation in the Spanish jurisdiction, during the years 2018 to 2021, ten 
(decisions) have become final and unappealable condemning Novo Banco, Spanish branch, as well as 
three sentences in relation to which due compensation has been requested from the Resolution Fund”.  
On 31 March 2017, Banco de Portugal communicated the sale of Novo Banco, where it states the 
following: "Banco de Portugal today selected Lone Star to complete the sale of Novo Banco. The 
Resolution Fund has consequently signed the contractual documents of the transaction. Under the terms 
of the agreement, Lone Star will inject a total of Euros 1,000 million in Novo Banco, of which Euros 
750 million at completion and Euros 250 million within a period of up to 3 years. Through the capital 
injection, Lone Star will hold 75% of the share capital of Novo Banco and the Resolution Fund will 
maintain 25% of the share capital”. 
The terms agreed also included a Contingent Capital Agreement (CCA), under which the Resolution 
Fund, as a shareholder, undertakes to make capital injections if certain cumulative conditions are met 
related to the performance of a specific portfolio of assets and to the capital ratios of Novo Banco going 
forward. 
If these conditions are met, the Resolution Fund may be called upon to make a payment to Novo Banco 
for the lesser of the accumulated losses in the covered assets and the amount necessary to restore the 
capital ratios at the agreed levels. Any capital injections to be carried out pursuant to this contingent 
mechanism are limited to an absolute cap. The terms agreed also provide for mechanisms to safeguard 
the interests of the Resolution Fund, to align incentives as well as monitoring mechanisms, 
notwithstanding the limitations arising from State Aid rules. 
On 18 October 2017, following the resolution of the Council of Ministers no. 151-A/2017 of 2 October 
2017, Banco de Portugal communicated the conclusion of the sale of Novo Banco to Lone Star, with 
an injection by the new shareholder of EUR 750 million, followed by a further capital increase of EUR 
250 million by the end of 2017. Upon completion of the transaction, the status of Novo Banco as a 
bridge institution ceased, fully complying with the purposes of the resolution of BES. 
On 26 February 2018, the European Commission published the non-confidential version of its decision 
regarding the approval of State aid underlying Novo Banco’s sale process. This statement identifies the

--- Page 212 ---
212 
 
three support measures by the Resolution Fund and the Portuguese State that are part of the sale 
agreement associated with a total gross book value of around EUR 10-20 billion28 that revealed 
significant uncertainties regarding adequacy in provisioning29: 
(i) 
Contingent Capital Agreement (CCA) which allows Lone Star to reclaim, from the Resolution 
Fund, funding costs, realised losses and provisions related to an ex-ante agreed portfolio of 
existing loan stock, up to a maximum of EUR 3.89 billion, subject to a capital ratio trigger 
(CET1 below 8%-13%) as well as to some additional conditions 28 29 30; 
(ii) 
underwriting by the Resolution Fund of a Tier 2 instrument to be issued by Novo Banco up to 
the amount necessary (but no more than EUR 400 million). The amount that can be reclaimed 
by the Resolution Fund under the CCA is subject to the cap of EUR 3.89 billion 29; 
(iii)  
in case the Supervisory Review and Evaluation Process ("SREP") total capital ratio of Novo 
Banco falls below the SREP total capital requirement, the Portuguese State will provide 
additional capital in certain conditions and through different instruments 29. According to the 
audit report on the management of Novo Banco conducted by the Court of Auditors and 
released on 12 July 2022, "the risk of triggering the additional capital mechanism (capital 
backstop), up to EUR 1.6 billion, provided for in the commitments made by the Portuguese 
State to ensure the viability of NB, exists". 
According to Novo Banco’s earnings presentation of September 2022, Novo Banco still has EUR 485 
million under the MCC in addition to the EUR 209 million included in the capital call for 2021. The 
mechanism is in place until December 2025, date that can be extended, under certain conditions, by one 
additional year. 
According to a statement issued by the Resolution Fund on 13 February 2023, "the Ministry of Finance 
has disclosed that the European Commission intends to consider the restructuring process of Novo 
Banco as completed. The information disclosed today confirms the successful restructuring of Novo 
Banco, resulting from the combined execution of the restructuring plan agreed in 2017, under the sale 
transaction conducted by Banco de Portugal, and the sale agreements, namely the CCA, under which 
the Resolution Fund transferred to Novo Banco 485 million euros, less than the maximum amount set 
in the contract (3,890 million euros). The completion of the restructuring of Novo Banco, in which the 
Resolution Fund maintains a 19.31% stake, is also another indicator that Novo Banco should not need 
to request any further payment to the Resolution Fund under the CCA, without prejudice to the ongoing 
litigation or that still may occur regarding the amounts already requested by Novo Banco in relation 
to past years and that the Resolution Fund considers that are not due". On the same day, Banco de 
Portugal issued the following statement "The conclusion of the Novo Banco restructuring process also 
results in the end of the backstop mechanism, which provided for the possibility, which was always 
considered remote, of the Portuguese State providing extraordinary support to Novo Banco in extreme 
scenarios. This mechanism protected Novo Banco and the national financial system from more adverse 
scenarios, which did not materialise. With the end of the backstop, the financial risk for the Portuguese 
State is eliminated". 
According to the 2018 Resolution Fund’s annual report, the Resolution Fund and Novo Banco have 
agreed that a Verification Agent - an independent entity which is essentially responsible for clarifying 
any differences that may exist between Novo Banco and the Resolution Fund regarding the set of 
calculations inherent to the CCA or regarding the practical application of the principles stipulated in the 
contract - is in charge of confirming that the perimeter of the mechanism is correct and that the balance 
                                                     
28  
Exact value not disclosed by the European Commission for confidentiality reasons 
29  
As referred to in the respective European Commission Decision 
30  
According to 2018 Novo Banco’s earnings institutional presentation, the “minimum capital condition” is (i) CET1 or Tier 1 < 
CET1 or Tier 1 SREP requirement plus a buffer for the first three years (2017-2019); (ii) CET1 < 12%

--- Page 213 ---
213 
 
sheet values of Novo Banco are being correctly reflected in the mechanism, as well as verifying the 
underlying set of calculations, namely by confirming the correct calculation of losses and the reference 
value of the assets. According to the 2021 Resolution Fund’s annual report, the Resolution Fund follows 
the work carried out by the Verification Agent, while specific analyses are being requested. 
In its 2021 annual report, the Resolution Fund states that "eventual new requests regarding future 
periods, with significant uncertainty regarding the relevant parameters for the calculation of eventual 
responsibilities, under the terms of the CCA, are recorded as contingent liabilities".  
The Resolution Fund disclosed on 17 June 2019 a set of clarifications related to the payment due in 
2019 under the CCA with Novo Banco, namely: 
- For payments from the Resolution Fund to be made (limited to a maximum of EUR 3,890 million over 
the lifetime of the mechanism), losses on the assets under the contingent mechanism should be incurred 
and the capital ratios of Novo Banco should stand below the agreed reference thresholds; 
- The payment to be made by the Resolution Fund corresponds to the lower of the accumulated losses 
on the assets covered and the amount necessary to restore the capital ratios above the minimum 
reference threshold; 
- The reference capital ratios are, in 2017, 2018 and 2019, linked to the regulatory requirements 
applicable to Novo Banco (CET1 ratio of 11.25% and Tier 1 ratio of 12.75%), but, as from 2020, the 
reference ratio will correspond to a CET1 ratio of 12%;  
- The initial reference value of the portfolio comprising the CCA was, as of 30 June 2016, EUR 7,838 
million (book value of the associated assets, net of impairments); 
- The value of the portfolio, as at 31 December 2021, amounted to EUR 1.8 billion (book value, net of 
impairments), according to Novo Banco’s First Half 2022 report. 
According to a notice issued by the Resolution Fund on 4 June 2020, the "Resolution Fund and Novo 
Banco have initiated an arbitration procedure to clarify the treatment that should be given, under the 
CCA, of the effects of Novo Banco’s decision to waive the transitional regime it currently benefits from 
and which aims to reduce the impact of the introduction of IFRS 9 on credit institutions' own funds. 
This issue falls within the scope of the implementation of the CCA, which sets the maximum amount of 
payments to be made by the Resolution Fund at Euro 3,890 million. Thus, even if the arbitration 
procedure were to have an unfavourable outcome for the Resolution Fund's claims, its effects would 
fall under the maximum limit of EUR 3,890 million in accordance with the CCA. The above arbitral 
proceedings therefore do not represent an additional risk compared to the ceiling of EUR 3,890 
million".  
According to Resolution Fund’s annual report of 2021 (Box 1) "the award of the Arbitration Court, 
constituted under the aegis of the International Chamber of Commerce, was known at the end of 
October 2021, and was favourable to the Resolution Fund. The Arbitration Court considered that (...) 
the financial impact on Novo Banco's own funds could not be covered by the CCM. The value of the 
dispute at the date of the award amounted to 169 million euros, an amount that, which the Resolution 
Fund would have had to pay to Novo Banco if the Arbitration Court's award had not been favorable.".  
Additionally, regarding the intervention of the Resolution Fund concerning the transitional regime of 
the implementation of the dynamic component of IFRS 9, Novo Banco estimates a positive impact on 
its own funds in the amount of EUR 171 million (which implies a reduction in the capital requirements 
that Novo Banco intended to pass on to the CCM in the amount of EUR 161.6 million). Accordingly, 
the Resolution Fund initiated a second arbitration proceeding, also under the aegis of the International

--- Page 214 ---
214 
 
Chamber of Commerce, with a view to settling the difference between the parties. This process is in 
progress, and it is estimated that an award will be rendered during 2023. 
According to a statement by the Resolution Fund on 3 September 2020, following the payment made 
in May 2019 by the Resolution Fund to Novo Banco in compliance with the CCA, a special audit 
determined by the Government was carried out. Information was presented by the independent entity 
that carried out the special audit, showing that Novo Banco has been operating with a strong influence 
of the vast legacy of non-productive assets, originated in BES, which resulted in impairment charges 
and provisions, but have also contributed to rendering Novo Banco’s internal procedures more robust. 
Regarding the exercise of the powers of the Resolution Fund under the CCA, the audit results reflect 
the adequacy of the principles and the adopted criteria. 
According to Resolution Fund’s annual report of 2021, the procedure relating to the payment to Novo 
Banco regarding 2020 accounts has been concluded, concluding that a payment of EUR 112 million 
was due to Novo Banco from the Resolution Fund which had remained pending further verification. 
Therefore, that amount was paid to Novo Banco, in December 2021, after the conclusion of the 
supplementary analysis promoted by the Resolution Fund. This amount, according to a statement issued 
by the Resolution Fund on 23 December 2021, was already provisioned, included in the total amount 
of the provision (EUR 429.01 million). 
According to Resolution Fund’s annual report of 2021, Novo Banco submitted to the International 
Chamber of Commerce a request for arbitration to have recognised the right to receive an aggregate 
amount of EUR 165.44 million (divestment of Novo Banco's activity in Spain in the amount of EUR 
147.44 million and valuation differences regarding a set of assets held by Novo Banco in the amount of 
EUR 18.00 million) which the Resolution Fund considered, and considers, not to merit the coverage of 
the CCM. 
According to Novo Banco’s First Half report (note 30), Novo Banco adhered to the Special Regime 
applicable to Deferred Tax Assets under Law No. 61/2014, of 26 August, according to which the 
deferred tax assets recorded until 31 December 2015 can be converted into tax credits when the taxable 
entity reports an annual net loss, in accordance to the proportion of the amount of the said net loss to 
total equity at the individual company level. A special reserve was established with an amount identical 
to the tax credit approved, increased by 10%. The conversion rights are securities that entitle the 
Portuguese State to require Novo Banco to increase its share capital by incorporating the amount of the 
special reserve and consequently issuing and delivering free of charge ordinary shares. The shareholders 
have the right to acquire the conversion rights attributed to the Portuguese State.  
According to the Resolution Fund’s 2021 annual report, under the terms of the sale of Novo Banco, the 
75% of the share capital of Novo Banco held by Nani Holdings is not affected by the dilution associated 
with the Special Regime applicable to deferred tax assets ("REIAD").  
According to Resolution Fund’s annual report of 2021, on 17 December 2021, Novo Banco, carried out 
a capital increase in the amount of EUR 154.91 million, through the conversion of the rights that had 
been attributed to the Portuguese State due to the conversion of the deferred tax assets of Novo Banco, 
into tax credits, with reference to the 2015 tax period, under the REIAD. As of that date, the Portuguese 
State became a shareholder of Novo Banco, having been attributed a participation corresponding to 
1.56% of the share capital. As a result, the participation of the Resolution Fund was diluted from 25% 
to 23.44%. 
According to Novo Banco’s announcement of 4 November 2022, the share capital increase arising from 
the conversion of conversion rights relating to 2016 and 2017 fiscal years issued under the REAID 
increased the Portuguese State shareholding to 5.69% and Lone Star kept the 75% share capital of Novo 
Banco. Only the participation of the Resolution Fund will be diluted concomitantly.

--- Page 215 ---
215 
 
Also, according to the Resolution Fund’s 2021 annual report, it is estimated that the aggregate effect of 
the application of the REAID will result in the reduction of the participation of the Resolution Fund to 
9.05%. 
On 3 May 2021, following the request of the Portuguese parliament in October 2020 to review the 
operations and management of Novo Banco that led to the need to transfer funds from the Resolution 
Fund to Novo Banco, the Resolution Fund announced that the audit report conducted by Tribunal de 
Contas ("Court of Auditors") was released. The Court of Auditors concluded that the public financing 
of Novo Banco through the CCA contributed to the stability of the financial system, particularly as it 
avoided the bank’s liquidation and reduced systemic risk. According to the Resolution Fund, the audit 
does not identify any impediment to the fulfilment of commitments and contracts arising from BES’s 
resolution process, initiated in August 2014. 
Resolution measure of Banif – Banco Internacional do Funchal, S.A. 
On 19 December 2015, the Board of Directors of Banco de Portugal announced that Banif "was failing 
or likely to fail" and started an urgent resolution process of the institution through the partial or total 
sale of its activity, which was completed on 20 December 2015 through the sale to Banco Santander 
Totta S.A. (BST) of the rights and obligations of Banif, formed by the assets, liabilities, off-balance 
sheet items and assets under management. 
The largest portion of the assets that were not sold, were transferred to an asset management vehicle 
denominated Oitante, S.A. (Oitante) specifically created for that purpose, having the Resolution Fund 
as the sole shareholder. For that matter, Oitante issued bonds representing debt in the amount of EUR 
746 million. The Resolution Fund provided a guarantee and the Portuguese State a counter-guarantee. 
The operation also involved State aid, of which EUR 489 million were provided by the Resolution 
Fund, which was funded by a loan granted by the State.  
According to Oitante's press release on 12 January 2022, "during 2021, it repaid Euros 160.5 million 
related to its bond loan of Euros 746 million, contracted when it was created on 20 December 2015 
due to the resolution of Banif". On 4 July 2022, Oitante - 100% owned by the Resolution Fund - 
completed the process of repayment of the bonds issued in connection with the resolution of BANIF. 
Oitante's debt, which initially amounted to EUR 746 million, was thus fully repaid. With the early 
repayment of the debt, the Resolution Fund's responsibility as guarantor also ceases, as well as the 
Portuguese State's responsibility as provider of a counter-guarantee. 
On 16 January 2023, the Liquidation Committee of Banif announced a list of all the acknowledged and 
a list of the non-acknowledged creditors. According to the Resolution Fund’s 2021 annual report, the 
Resolution Fund holds a claim on Banif of EUR 489 million, which has a higher claim ranking provided 
for in article 166-A of the RGICSF. Under the judicial liquidation process of Banif, which was initiated 
following the resolution, the independent evaluator estimates that the level of recovery of the financial 
support made available by the Resolution Fund, as having a higher ranking at the end of the liquidation, 
is expected to be 7.6%. 
On 12 January 2021, Banco de Portugal was informed that the Administrative and Fiscal Court of 
Funchal dismissed a lawsuit involving several disputes associated to Banif’s resolution measures 
applied by Banco de Portugal. In its decision, the Court determined the legality and maintenance of 
Banco de Portugal’s measures. 
Liabilities and financing of the Resolution Fund 
Pursuant to the resolution measures applied to BES and Banif, the Resolution Fund incurred on loans 
and assumed other responsibilities and contingent liabilities resulting from:

--- Page 216 ---
216 
 
- The State loans, on 31 December 2021, included the amounts made available (i) in 2014 for the 
financing of the resolution measure applied to BES (EUR 3,900 million); (ii) to finance the absorption 
of Banif's losses (EUR 353 million); (iii) under the framework agreement concluded with the State in 
October 2017 for the financing of the measures under the CCA (EUR 430 million plus EUR 850 million 
of additional funding requested in 2019 and EUR 850 million made available in 2020); 
- Other funding granted: 
• 
in 2014 by the institutions participating in the Resolution Fund in the amount of EUR 700 
million, in which the Bank participates, within the scope of BES resolution measure; 
• 
in 2021 by seven domestic credit institutions, including BCP, to finance payments due under 
the CCA up to a maximum of EUR 429 million; 
- Underwriting by the Resolution Fund of a Tier 2 instrument to be issued by Novo Banco up to the 
amount of EUR 400 million. This underwriting did not take place as the instruments were placed with 
third party investors as disclosed by Novo Banco on 29 July 2018; 
- Effects of the application of the principle that no creditor of the credit institution under resolution may 
assume a loss greater than the one it would take if that institution did not go into liquidation; 
- Negative effects resulting from the resolution process that result in additional liabilities or 
contingencies for Novo Banco, which must be neutralised by the Resolution Fund; 
- Legal proceedings filed against the Resolution Fund; 
- Guarantee granted to secure the bonds issued by Oitante, totally reimbursed, as described above; 
-  CCA allows Lone Star to claim, from the Resolution Fund, funding costs, realised losses and 
provisions related to the aforementioned ex-ante portfolio of existing loan stock agreed upon the sale 
process to Lone Star up to EUR 3.89 billion under the aforementioned conditions, among which a 
reduction of Novo Banco’s CET1 below 8%-13% 
- In case the Supervisory Review and Evaluation Process (SREP) total capital ratio of Novo Banco falls 
below the SREP total capital requirement, the State will provide additional capital in certain conditions 
and through different instruments as referred to in the respective European Commission Decision. 
According to the Resolution Fund’s annual report of 2021, contingent liabilities from the CCA are 
limited to a maximum aggregate amount of EUR 3.89 billion and that the aggregate amount of this 
contingent liability, which corresponds to the difference between that maximum amount and the 
amounts already paid by the Resolution Fund, amounts to EUR 485 million. 
The expectation of the Resolution Fund is that, except for what may eventually result from the pending 
arbitration disputes with Novo Banco, no further payments will occur under the CCA. On the other 
hand, the value of payments already made may be compensated, under the terms of the contracts, by 
the eventual recovery of credits that may occur, to which the value of the shareholding of the Resolution 
Fund in Novo Banco must be added. 
According to note 20 of the Resolution Fund’s 2021 annual report, the Resolution Fund considers that, 
to date, there are no elements that allow a reliable estimate of the potential financial effect of these 
potential liabilities. 
By a public statement on 28 September 2016, the Resolution Fund and the Ministry of Finance 
communicated the agreement based on a review of the terms of the EUR 3,900 million loan originally

--- Page 217 ---
217 
 
granted by the State to the Resolution Fund in August 2014 to finance the resolution measure applied 
to BES. According to the Resolution Fund, the extension of the maturity of the loan was intended to 
ensure the ability of the Resolution Fund to meet its obligations through its regular revenues, regardless 
of the contingencies to which the Resolution Fund is exposed. On the same day, the Office of the 
Minister of Finance also announced that increases in the liabilities arising from the materialisation of 
future contingencies will determine the maturity adjustment of State and bank loans to the Resolution 
Fund, required from to maintain the contributory effort required from the banking sector at prevailing 
levels at that time. 
According to the statement of the Resolution Fund of 21 March 2017: 
- "The conditions of the loans obtained from the Fund to finance the resolution measures applied to 
Banco Espírito Santo, S.A. and to Banif – Banco Internacional do Funchal, S.A. were changed. These 
loans amount to Euros 4,953 million, of which Euros 4,253 million were granted by the Portuguese 
State and Euros 700 million were granted by a group of banks"; 
-  "Those loans are now due in December 2046, without prejudice to the possibility of early repayment 
based on the use of the Resolution Fund's revenues. The revision of the loan’s terms aimed to ensure 
the sustainability and financial balance of the Resolution Fund. The terms allow the Resolution Fund 
to fully meet its liabilities based on regular revenues and without the need for special contributions or 
any other type of extraordinary contributions". 
According to the audit report on the management of Novo Banco conducted by the Court of Auditors 
and released on 12 July 2022, "the repayment of the Euros 2,130 million loans granted by the 
Portuguese State to the Resolution Fund will not end in 2046, as expected, rather in 2056 (without 
payments under the CCA after 2021) or in 2059 (with the use of the CCA cap). (...) In other, more 
pessimistic scenarios, these loans will still be being repaid in 2062". 
According to a statement issued by the Resolution Fund on 31 December 2021, the EUR 700 million 
loan to the Resolution Fund was provided by seven credit institutions (Caixa Geral de Depósitos, Banco 
Comercial Português, Banco BPI, Banco Santander Totta, Caixa Económica, Montepio Geral, Banco 
BIC Português and Caixa Central de Crédito Agrícola Mútuo). 
On 2 October 2017, by Resolution no. 151-A/2017, of the Council of Ministers of the Portuguese State, 
as the ultimate guarantor of financial stability, was authorised to enter into a framework agreement with 
the Resolution Fund, to make available the necessary financial resources to the Resolution Fund, if and 
when the State deemed necessary, to satisfy any contractual obligations that may arise from the sale of 
the 75% stake in Novo Banco. The above-mentioned resolution further set out that the framework 
agreement should be subject to a time period that is consistent with the undertakings of the Resolution 
Fund and should preserve the Resolution Fund’s capacity to satisfy said obligations in due time.  
On 31 December 2021, the Resolution Fund's own resources had a negative equity of EUR 7,207.6 
million, as opposed to EUR 7,314.7 million at the end of 2020, according to the latest 2021 annual 
report of the Resolution Fund. 
To repay the loans obtained and to meet other liabilities that it may take on, the Resolution Fund receives 
proceeds from the initial and regular contributions from the participating institutions (including the 
Bank) and from the contribution over the banking sector (created under Law no. 55-A/2010). It is also 
provided for the possibility of the member of the Government responsible for the area of Finance to 
determine, by ordinance that the participating institutions make special contributions, in the situations 
provided for in the applicable legislation, particularly if the Resolution Fund does not have resources to 
satisfy its obligations.

--- Page 218 ---
218 
 
Pursuant to Decree-Law no. 24/2013 of 19 February, which establishes the method for determining the 
initial, periodic and special contributions to the Resolution Fund, provided for in the Banking Law, the 
Bank has been paying, since 2013, its mandatory contributions set out in the aforementioned decree-
law. 
On 3 November 2015, the Banco de Portugal issued Circular Letter no. 085/2015/DES, under which it 
is clarified that the periodic contribution to the Resolution Fund should be recognised as an expense at 
the time of the occurrence of the event which creates the obligation to pay the contribution, i.e. on the 
last day of April of each year, as stipulated in Article 9 of the referred Decree-Law no. 24/2013, of 19 
February, thus the Bank is recognising as an expense the contribution to the Resolution Fund in the year 
in which it becomes due. 
Decree-Law no. 24/2013 of 19 February further sets out that Banco de Portugal has the authority to 
determine, by way of instruction ("instrução"), the applicable yearly rate based on objective incidence 
of periodic contributions. The instruction of Banco de Portugal no. 19/2022, published on 15 December 
2022, set the base rate for 2023 for the determination of periodic contributions to the Resolution Fund 
at 0.029% (0.057% in 2022). 
The Resolution Fund issued, on 15 November 2015, a public statement declaring: "...it is further 
clarified that it is not expected that the Resolution Fund will propose the setting up of a special 
contribution to finance the resolution measure applied to BES. Therefore, the potential collection of a 
special contribution appears to be unlikely". 
In 2015, following the establishment of the Single Resolution Fund (SRF), the Group made an initial 
contribution in the amount of EUR 31.36 million. In accordance with the Intergovernmental Agreement 
on the Transfer and Mutualisation of Contributions to the SRF, this amount was not transferred to the 
SRF but was used instead to partially cover for the disbursements made by the RF in respect of 
resolution measures prior to the date of application of this Agreement. This amount will have to be 
reinstated over a period of 8 years (started in 2016) through the periodic contributions to the SRF. The 
Single Resolution Fund does not cover undergoing situations with the National Resolution Fund as at 
31 December 2015. The total amount of the contribution attributable to the Group in the financial year 
of 2022 was EUR 30.40 million, of which the Group delivered EUR 25.85 million and the remaining 
was constituted as irrevocable payment commitment. 
During the financial year of 2022, the Group made regular contributions to the Portuguese Resolution 
Fund in the amount of EUR 18.67 million. The amount related to the contribution on the banking sector 
in Portugal, registered in the financial year of 2022, was EUR 43.48 million. These contributions were 
recognised as a cost in the financial year of 2022, in accordance with IFRIC no. 21 – Levies. 
It is not possible, on this date, to assess the effects on the Resolution Fund due to: (i) the sale of the 
shareholding in Novo Banco in accordance with the communication of Banco de Portugal dated 18 
October 2017 and the information provided by the European Commission on this subject under the 
terms described above, including the effects of the application of the Contingent Capital Agreement 
and the Special Regime applicable to Deferred Tax Assets; (ii) the application of the principle that no 
creditor of the credit institution under resolution may take on a loss greater than the one it would take 
if that institution did not go into liquidation; (iii) additional liabilities or contingencies for Novo Banco 
which need to be neutralised by the Resolution Fund; and, (iv) legal proceedings against the Resolution 
Fund.  
According to Article 5 (e) of the Regulation of the Resolution Fund, approved by the Ministerial Order 
no. 420/2012, of 21 December, the Resolution Fund may submit to the member of the Government 
responsible for finance a proposal with respect to the determination of amounts, time limits, payment 
methods, and any other terms related to the special contributions to be made by the institutions

--- Page 219 ---
219 
 
participating in the Resolution Fund. According to public communications from both the Resolution 
Fund and from the Government, there is no indication that any such special contributions are foreseen. 
According to the Resolution Fund’s 2021 annual report, under note 8, "the Resolution Fund is not 
obliged to present positive equity. In case of insufficient resources, the Resolution Fund may receive 
special contributions, as determined by the member of the Government responsible for finance, in 
accordance with article 153-I of the Banking Act, although no such contributions are expected, in 
particular after a review of the financing conditions of the Resolution Fund", as described in the 2016 
Annual Report The Resolution Fund may also, exceptionally, obtain financial support from the State, 
namely through loans or guarantees, as set out in article 153-J of the same regime. 
On 9 September 2020, BCP informed that it has decided not to continue with the legal proceeding before 
the General Court of the European Union with a view to partially annul the European Commission’s 
decision regarding its approval of the CCA of Novo Banco. 
According to Resolution no. 63-A/2021 of 27 May 2021 of the Council of Ministers, a number of 
national financial institutions offered to finance the Resolution Fund, under conditions considered as 
appropriate by it, increasing up to EUR 475 million the direct financing of banks to the Resolution Fund 
and waiving a Portuguese State loan to the Resolution Fund. The funding costs of the Resolution Fund 
(from the State and from banks) will continue to be exclusively borne by periodic revenues, 
corresponding to the contributions paid by the banking sector. The payment obligations arising from 
this loan benefit from a pari passu treatment with the payment obligations of the loans entered into with 
the Portuguese State on 7 August 2014 and 31 December 2015 and with the Portuguese credit 
institutions on 28 August 2014.   
According to the Resolution Fund’s 2021 annual report, the payment to Novo Banco was fully funded 
with resources from a loan from seven domestic credit institutions, including BCP, to finance payments 
that are due under the aforementioned contingent capitalisation mechanism, up to a maximum amount 
of EUR 475 million. Of this amount, the Resolution Fund used EUR 429 million, which corresponds to 
the payment made to Novo Banco in 2021. The loan matures in 2046 and bears interest at a rate 
corresponding to the sovereign cost of funding for the period between the contract date (31 May 2021) 
and 31 December 2026, plus a margin of 15 b.p. The interest rate will be reviewed on 31 December 
2026 and, after that, every five-years. 
The budgetary amendment necessary to make the payment by the Resolution Fund was authorised by 
Order of the Minister of State and Finance dated 31 May 2021.  
The European Deposit Guarantee System 
On 16 April 2014, the European Parliament and the Council adopted Directive 2014/49/EU on DGS 
("DGS Directive"). The Directive encompasses the harmonisation of the funding mechanisms of DGS, 
the introduction of risk-based contributions and the harmonisation of the scope of products and 
depositors covered. In accordance with the DGS Directive, each credit institution should be part of a 
DGS recognised under this Directive, thereby ensuring a high level of consumer protection and a level 
playing field between credit institutions, while also preventing regulatory arbitrage. The DGS Directive 
sets the harmonised coverage level at EUR 100,000 and retains the principle of a harmonised limit per 
depositor rather than per deposit (such limit to be applied, in principle, to each identifiable depositor, 
except for collective investment undertakings subject to special protection rules). Each institution’s 
contribution to DGS will be based on the amount of covered deposits and the degree of risk incurred by 
the respective member. The DGS Directive was implemented in Portugal through Law No. 23-A/2015, 
of 26 March.

--- Page 220 ---
220 
 
According to the BRRD, and consequently, the Banking Law, with the amendments introduced by Law 
No. 23-A/2015, of 26 March, banks must ensure that by 3 July 2024 the financial resources available 
to a DGS amount to a target-level of 0.8% of the amount of DGF-covered deposits. 
If, after this target level is reached for the first time, the available financial resources are reduced to less 
than two thirds of the target level, the ex-ante contributions are set by Banco de Portugal at a level that 
allows the target level to be reached within six years. If the available financial resources are not 
sufficient to reimburse the depositors, in the event of unavailability of deposits, DGS members must 
pay ex-post contributions not exceeding 0.5% of the DGF-covered deposits for the exercise period of 
the DGF. In exceptional circumstances, the DGS can request a higher amount of contribution with the 
approval of Banco de Portugal. 
The exemption from the immediate payment of ex-ante contributions shall not exceed 30% of the total 
amount of contributions raised. This possibility depends on the credit institutions undertaking 
irrevocable payment commitments, to pay part of or the whole amount of the contribution which has 
not been paid in cash to the DGF, that are fully backed by collateral composed of low-risk assets 
unencumbered by any third-party rights and partly or wholly pledged in favour of the DGF at DGF's 
request. 
The additional indirect costs of the deposit guarantee systems may be significant and can consist of 
costs associated with the provision of detailed information to clients about products, costs of compliance 
with specific regulations on advertising for deposits or other products similar to deposits. 
Other financial service laws and regulations 
The Bank is still subject to other Directives and Regulations, among which: 
− 
Directive 2014/65/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council, of 15 May 2014, as 
amended, implemented in Portugal through Law No. 35/2018, of 20 July, and Regulation (EU) 
No. 600/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council, of 15 May 2014, as amended, 
relating to markets in financial instruments, known as the Markets in Financial Instruments 
Directive II ("MiFID II") and Markets in Financial Instruments Regulation ("MiFIR"), 
respectively. Some topics of the MiFID II and MiFIR framework are currently under revision. 
− 
Regulation (EU) No. 1286/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council, of 26 
November 2014, as amended, on key information documents for packaged retail and insurance-
based investment products, supplemented by Delegated Regulation (EU) No. 653/2017 of the 
Commission, of 8 March 2017 ("PRIIPs"), as amended, applicable since 1 January 2018. On 
4 January 2018, the CMVM issued a “Circular” regarding PRIIPs subject to the CMVM’s 
supervision, outlining further applicable requirements and Law no. 35/2018, of 20 July 
introduced the legal framework for PRIIPs in Portugal. 
− 
Directive (EU) 2015/2366 of the European Parliament and of the Council, of 25 November 
2015, as amended, on payment services ("PSD 2") was implemented in Portugal on 12 
November 2018 through Decree-Law no. 91/2018, creating new types of payment services and 
reinforcing customer protection and security 
− 
The European Market Infrastructure Regulation, Regulation (EU) No. 648/2012 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council, of 4 July 2012 ("EMIR"), as amended, that sets out 
procedures regarding OTC markets and derivatives, namely on clearing. 
− 
Rules and regulations related to the prevention of money laundering, bribery and terrorism 
financing - Banco de Portugal is responsible for the preventive supervision of money laundering

--- Page 221 ---
221 
 
and terrorist financing ("ML/TF") in the financial sector. Within the applicable legal 
framework, the following are paramount: (i) Law No. 83/2017, of 18 August, as amended, 
which transposes Directive (EU) 2015/849 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 
20 May 2015 on the prevention of the use of the financial system for the purposes of ML/TF, 
and sets forth preventive and repressive measures to combat ML/TF; (ii) Regulation (EU) 
2015/847 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2015, as amended, on the 
information on payers and payees, accompanying transfers of funds, in any currency, for the 
purposes of preventing, detecting and investigating ML/TF; (iii) Law No. 97/2017, of 23 
August, which governs the application and execution of the restrictive measures approved by 
the United Nations or by the European Union and sets forth the sanctions applicable to breaches 
of such measures and (iv) the regulatory notice ("Aviso") of Banco de Portugal No. 1/2022, of 
6 June 2022, which governs enforcement conditions, procedures, instruments, mechanisms, 
enforcement measures, reporting obligations and other aspects necessary for ensuring 
compliance with obligations for the prevention of ML/TF. 
− 
The EBA is also working to incorporate money laundering and terrorist financing issues into 
prudential and governance models in order to boost the efficient functioning of the AML/CTF 
framework of the Union the EU will create a dedicated Anti-money laundering Authority 
("AMLA"). The European Council also entrusts the Authority to supervise up to 40 groups and 
entities - at least in the first selection process – and to ensure a complete coverage of the internal 
market under its supervision. More powers are also given to the general board in the governance 
of AMLA. Once set, the new entity and framework may have impact on the Bank's operations 
and risk management features, imposing additional compliance costs or business restrictions 
and procedures. In order to enlarge the scope of the existing regulatory framework the Council 
agreed its position on an anti-money laundering regulation and a new directive (AMLD6). 
Together with the proposal for a recast of the transfer of funds regulation, on which an 
agreement has already been reached with the European Parliament, these will form the new EU 
anti-money laundering rulebook once adopted.   
− 
The Regulation (EU) 2022/2554 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 14 December 
2022 and respective amending regulations, which approves the digital operational resilience act 
for the financial sector ("DORA"), establishes uniform requirements concerning the security of 
network and information systems supporting the business processes of financial entities. 
Prevention, mitigation and monitoring of asset quality 
In 2013, the EBA issued a recommendation to Competent Authorities ("CAs") to perform asset quality 
reviews for banks, based on newly harmonised definitions of NPLs (complemented by EBA Report on 
the dynamics and drivers of non‐performing exposures in the European Union banking sector dated 22 
July 2016). In 2014, CAs carried out comprehensive assessment and a stress test. EBA's Implementing 
Technical Standards ("ITS") on forbearance and NPEs, issued under Commission Implementing 
Regulation (EU) 2015/227, of 9 January 2015, aim at implementing uniform definitions and reporting 
requirements for forbearance and NPEs. The ECB has issued in March 2017 Guidance on SSM bank’s 
on NPLs supplemented a year later by an addendum specifying ECB’s expectations for prudent levels 
of provisions for new NPLs. 
In July 2017, the European Council concluded an Action Plan to achieve a sustainable reduction of 
NPEs in credit institutions’ balance sheets. On 31 October 2018, the EBA published the final guidance 
on management of non-performing and forborne exposures. These guidelines specify sound risk 
management practices for credit institutions in their management of NPEs and forborne exposures, 
including requirements on NPE reduction strategies, governance and operations of NPE workout 
framework, internal control framework and monitoring.

--- Page 222 ---
222 
 
The regulation amending the CRR to introduce common minimum coverage levels for potential losses 
stemming from newly originated loans that become nonperforming has been published in Official 
Journal on 17 April 2019 (Regulation (EU) 2019/630 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 
17 April 2019 amending Regulation (EU) no 575/2013). This regulation establishes a requirement for 
credit institutions to build their loan loss reserve up to common minimum levels to cover the incurred 
and expected losses on newly originated loans that become non-performing. Where the minimum 
coverage requirement is not met, the difference between the actual coverage level and the requirement 
should be deducted from a bank’s own funds (CET1). The new rules should not be applied in relation 
to exposures originated prior to 26 April 2019. The Directive on credit servicers and credit purchasers 
(Directive (EU) 2021/2167 of 24 November 2021) – which was also included in the package of 
measures to be tackled by the European Commission - lays down a common framework and 
requirements strengthening the ability of secured creditors to recover value from secured loans to 
corporates and entrepreneurs. 
All in all, the legal and regulatory framework regarding NPLs and NPEs creates an assortment of 
obligations for credit institutions and sets forth protection measures for bank customers, including, 
procedures for gathering information, contacting customers, monitoring the execution of loan 
agreements and managing default risk situations; the duty to assess the financial capacity of bank 
customers and present default correction proposals adapted to the debtor's situation; and drawing up a 
plan for restructuring debts emerging from home loans or replacing mortgage foreclosures that in some 
cases of extra-judicial procedures may restrict the Bank’s options to (i) terminate the relevant 
agreements; (ii) initiate judicial proceedings against the debtor; (iii) assign its credits over the client; or 
(iv) transfer its contractual position to a third party. 
Furthermore, as the macroprudential authority for Portugal, Banco de Portugal has approved a 
recommendation introducing limits to some of the criteria used in the assessment of customers’ 
creditworthiness, covering the granting of new credit relating to residential immovable property, credit 
secured by a mortgage or equivalent guarantee, and consumer credit agreements, to be applied to 
agreements concluded as of 1 July 2018. Measures of similar nature are also in place in Poland. In 
September 2017, the regulatory notice ("Aviso") No. 4/2017 of Banco de Portugal, which entered into 
force on 1 January 2018, established procedures and criteria for banks for assessing customers’ financial 
capacity before granting mortgage loans. Furthermore, a Decree-Law on renegotiation of mortgage 
loans for highly indebted households was approved in November 2022, which include solutions such 
as maturity extension, in order to ease the debt service burden to customers with mostly operational 
costs to the banks. 
On 31 January 2022, Banco de Portugal announced the amendment to the macroprudential 
recommendation on new credit agreements for consumers. With a view to the convergence of the 
average maturity of new credit agreements for house purchase towards 30 years by the end of 2022, 
Banco de Portugal recommends new limits to the maximum maturity of new credit for house purchase 
based on the age of borrowers. Also, changes were introduced to the limits of loan-to-value and debt 
service-to-income ratios.  
Decree-Law No. 80-A/2022, of 25 November, establishes certain measures aimed at mitigating the 
effects of the increase of the reference indexes in credit agreements for the acquisition or construction 
of permanent own housing. 
Relief measures regarding asset quality deterioration and non-performing loans 
Under the Decree-Law No. 10-J/2020, of 26 March, the Portuguese government approved a six-month 
moratorium on bank loan repayments for households and companies affected by the COVID-19 
outbreak. The Portuguese Government also launched state-guaranteed credit lines for medium, small 
and micro enterprises in affected sectors which will be operated through the banking system.

--- Page 223 ---
223 
 
In this context, the ECB decided to temporarily exercise flexibility in the classification requirements 
and expectations on loss provisioning for NPL that are covered by public guarantees and COVID-19 
related public moratoria. 
On 2 April 2020, the EBA issued guidelines (EBA/GL/2020/02) on public and private payment 
moratoria on loan repayments applied before 30 June 2020, aiming to clarify that payment moratoria 
do not trigger classification as forbearance or distressed restructuring if the measures taken are based 
on the applicable national law or on an industry or sector-wide private initiative agreed and applied 
broadly by the relevant credit institutions.   
Law 50/2021, of 30 July 2021, extended the moratorium for mortgage loans, consumer credit and 
sectors particularly affected by the pandemic, for beneficiaries which were covered by the moratoria on 
1 October 2020, until 31 December 2021. Following the end of the moratoria, loans to these sectors 
(identified in Decree-Law No. 10-J/2020, of 26 March) may benefit from an extension of maturities 
until 30 September 2022.  
EBA did not reactivate the regulatory and supervisory framework established by the EBA Guidelines 
(EBA/GL/2020/02), i.e., the treatment foreseen in the EBA guidelines on moratoria cannot be applied 
under this scope.  
Insurance business 
Directive (EU) 2016/97, as amended (the "Insurance Distribution Directive") regulates the way 
insurance products are designed and sold both by insurance intermediaries and directly by insurance 
undertakings, namely in the cases of insurance products that have an investment element such as unit-
linked life insurance contracts. The Insurance Distribution Directive was implemented in Portugal 
through Law No. 7/2019, of 16 January, and entered into force in October 2018. Similar in nature 
provisions are also embedded in the PRIIPs Regulation (Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council of 26 November 2014, as amended) and implementing national 
provisions which entered into force in 2018.  
On 1 January 2023 Millenniumbcp Ageas made the simultaneous adoption of IFRS9 - Financial 
lnstruments and IFRS17 - lnsurance Contracts. lt opted for the possibility given to lnsurance Companies 
to deter the application of IFRS9,  since the combined implementation with IFRS17 would minimise 
the distortion of results. lnitial application of IFRS 17 and IFRS 9 requires comparative information. 
Therefore, Millenniumbcp Ageas Grupo Segurador made the transition exercise on 1 January 2022. The 
net impacts of the transition to IFRS 17 and the adoption of IFRS9 are not expected to be material. 
Also, the EU Council has agreed on establishing a framework for the recovery and resolution of 
insurance and reinsurance undertakings (“IRRD”), reinforcing the Solvency II Directive. All these may 
affect the insurance business and associated earnings. Further regulatory developments are expected in 
the forthcoming years, such as the review of capital requirements, long term guarantees and 
macroprudential tools. 
Management, Audit Committee and Statutory Auditor  
The Bank adopts a one-tiered corporate governance model, with one Board of Directors within which 
there is an Executive Committee, an Audit Committee, a Remunerations and Welfare Board, a Strategic 
Board and a Statutory Auditor.

--- Page 224 ---
224 
 
Board of Directors 
According to the articles of association of the Bank, the Board of Directors is composed of a minimum 
of 15 and a maximum of 19 members, elected by the General Meeting of Shareholders. 
The General Meeting of Shareholders held on 4 May 2022 approved the election of the Board of 
Directors for the 2022/2025 term of office, including the Audit Committee. 
Two members of the Board of Directors, elected at the General Meeting held on 4 May 2022, Clara 
Patrícia Costa Raposo and Teófilo César Ferreira da Fonseca, decided, on 5 August 2022 and 8 July 
2022 respectively, not to accept the position for which they were elected. On 11 October 2022, the 
Board of Directors, unanimously, approved the proposal for, and on 20 December 2022, the General 
Meeting approved, the co-optation of, subject to the non-opposition to the exercise of functions by the 
Bank of Portugal and the European Central Bank, Altina Sebastián and Pedro Ferreira Malaquias to fill 
the two vacancies. On 7 December 2022, the supervisors authorised the exercise of functions by these 
two directors. 
Currently, following persons exercise functions as members of the Board of Directors of the Bank: 
 
 
Position 
Name 
Chairman: 
Nuno Manuel da Silva Amado 
Vice-Chairmen: 
Jorge Manuel Baptista Magalhães Correia 
 
Valter Rui Dias de Barros 
 
Miguel Maya Dias Pinheiro 
Members: 
Cidália Maria da Mota Lopes 
 
Fernando da Costa Lima 
 
Ana Paula Alcobia Gray 
 
João Nuno de Oliveira Jorge Palma 
 
José Miguel Bensliman Schorcht da Silva Pessanha 
 
Lingjiang Xu 
 
Lingzi Yuan (Smilla Yuan) 
 
Maria José Henriques Barreto de Matos de Campos 
 
Miguel de Campos Pereira de Bragança 
 
Rui Manuel da Silva Teixeira 
 
Altina de Fátima Sebastian Gonzalez Villamarin 
 
José Pedro Rivera Ferreira Malaquias 
Positions held outside the Group by the abovementioned members of the Board of Directors that are 
relevant to the Group: 
 
Name 
Position 
Company 
Nuno Manuel da Silva 
Amado 
Member of the Board of Auditors Fundação Bial

--- Page 225 ---
225 
 
 
Member of the Senior Board 
Alumni Clube ISCTE 
 
Member of the Consulting Board Competitiveness Forum 
 
Member of the Management 
Board 
Business Roundtable Portugal 
 
Member of the Advisory Board 
AESE - Associação de Estudos 
Superiores de Empresa 
 
Member 
"Conselho de Escola" 
(Estrategic & Supervisory 
Board) of Instituto Técnico 
Cidália Maria da Mota 
Lopes 
Professor 
Coimbra Business School - 
ISCAC on tax issues 
 
Invited Professor 
Faculty of Law/IDET – 
University of Coimbra 
 
Member of the Scientific 
Board 
Portuguese Fiscal Association 
(AFP) 
 
Member of the Scientific 
Board 
Coimbra Business School - 
ISCAC 
Jorge Manuel Baptista 
Magalhães Correia 
Chairman of the Board of 
Directors 
Luz Saúde, S.A. 
 
Member of the Board of 
Directors and member of the 
Corporate Governance 
Committee 
REN- Redes Eléctricas 
Nacionais, SGPS, S.A. 
 
Chairman of the Board of 
Directors 
Fidelidade Companhia de 
Seguros, S.A. 
 
Non-executive member of the 
Board of Directors 
Longrun, Portugal, SGPS, S.A. 
José Miguel Bensliman 
Schorcht da Silva Pessanha 
Vice-Chairman of the Board of 
Director and Chairman of the 
Audit Committee 
Millenniumbcp Ageas Grupo 
Segurador, SGPS, S.A. 
 
Vice-Chairman of the Board of 
Directors and Chairman of the 
Audit Board 
Ocidental – Companhia 
Portuguesa de Seguros, S.A. 
 
Vice-Chairman of the Board of 
Directors and Chairman of the 
Audit Committee 
Ageas – Sociedade Gestora de 
Fundos de Pensões, S.A. 
Lingjiang Xu 
Non-Executive Chairman of the 
Board of Directors 
Longrun Portugal, SGPS, S.A. 
 
Non-Executive member of the 
Board of Directors 
Fidelidade – Companhia de 
Seguros, S.A. 
 
Non-Executive member of the 
Board of Directors 
Luz Saúde, S.A. 
Miguel de Campos Pereira de 
Bragança 
Manager 
Quinta das Almoínhas Velhas-
Imobiliária Lda.

--- Page 226 ---
226 
 
 
Non-executive Director 
SIBS, SGPS, S.A. and SIBS 
Forward Payment Solutions, 
S.A. (in representation of BCP) 
 
Non-executive Director 
Unicre- Instituição Financeira de 
Crédito, S.A. (in representation 
of BCP) 
 
Member of the General Board 
AEM – Associação de Empresas 
Emitentes de Valores Cotados 
em Mercado 
Miguel Maya Dias Pinheiro 
Member of the Senior Board 
Alumni Clube ISCTE 
 
Member of the advisory Board 
INDEG/ISCTE Executive 
Education 
 
Member of the advisory Board 
BCSD Portugal – Conselho 
Empresarial para o 
Desenvolvimento Sustentável, 
(in representation of the Bank 
 
Vice-Chairman   
APB – Associação Portuguesa 
de Bancos (in representation of 
Banco Comercial Português, 
S.A. 
Rui Manuel da Silva Teixeira Member of the Remunerations 
Committee 
UNICRE – Instituição 
Financeira de Crédito, S.A. (in 
representation of BCP) 
 
Member of the Board Directors 
of 
Ageas-Sociedade Gestora de 
Fundos de Pensões, S.A. 
 
Chairman of the Board 
Porto Business School. 
Valter Rui Dias de Barros 
Chairman of the Board of 
Directors 
Recredit - Gestão de Activos, 
S.A. (Angola) 
XiaoXu Gu (Julia Gu) 
Vice-Chairwoman 
Shangai Fosun High Technology 
(Group Co., Ltd.) 
 
Chairperson 
Fosun Financial Services Group 
(Internal titles under working 
contract with Fosun Group) 
 
Non-Executive Chairwoman 
Zhangxingbao (Shanghai) 
Network Technology Co., Ltd. 
(subsidiary of Fosun) 
 
Non-Executive Director 
MYBank 
 
Non-Executive Director 
Chongquing Rural Commercial 
Bank Co. Ltd 
Fernando da Costa Lima 
Non-executive Director 
 
Euronext Lisbon 
 
 
Chairman of the General Meeting OBEGEF – Observatory of 
Economics and Fraud 
Management 
 
Visiting Professor 
Faculdade de Economia do 
Porto

--- Page 227 ---
227 
 
Altina de Fátima Sebastian 
Gonzalez Villamarin 
Director and Member of Audit 
Committee 
San Jose Group Company 
 
Member of the Advisory Board 
Expansion y Actualidad 
Economica 
 
Member of the Portuguese World 
Network 
Council of the Portuguese 
Diaspora 
 
Guest Professor 
Complutense University 
 
Visiting Professor 
Católica Lisbon Business 
&Economics 
José Pedro Rivera Ferreira 
Malaquias 
Partner 
Abreu Advogados, Sociedade de 
Advogados 
To the best of the Issuer's knowledge, none of the abovementioned members of the Board of Directors 
of the Bank has any external activity relevant for the Bank other than the ones listed above. 
For all the purposes resulting from the functions of the members of the Board of Directors, their 
professional domicile is at Av. Prof. Dr. Cavaco Silva (Parque das Tecnologias), Edifício 1, no. 32, Piso 
2, 2744-256 Porto Salvo. 
Executive Committee 
Under the terms of the law and of the Articles of Association of the Bank, the Board of Directors 
appointed an Executive Committee on 24 July 2018, composed of six of its members, which performs 
all the Bank's current management functions that are not to be exercised by the Board of Directors.  The 
members of the Executive Committee are as follows: 
 
Position 
Name 
Chairman: 
Miguel Maya Dias Pinheiro 
First Vice-Chairman: 
Miguel de Campos Pereira de Bragança 
Second Vice-Chairman: 
João Nuno de Oliveira Jorge Palma 
Members: 
José Miguel Bensliman Schorcht da Silva Pessanha 
 
Maria José Henriques Barreto de Matos de Campos 
 
Rui Manuel da Silva Teixeira 
Audit Committee 
Under the terms of the articles of association of the Bank, the Bank's supervision pertains to an Audit 
Committee elected by the General Meeting of Shareholders and composed of a minimum of three and 
a maximum of five members. 
The Audit Committee, created in accordance with the provisions of number 1 of Article 278 of the 
Portuguese Companies Code and in accordance with Article 39 of the articles of association of the 
Bank, is particularly responsible for (amid the remaining powers attributed to it by law): 
a) 
Monitoring the Bank's management; 
b) 
Verifying the compliance with the law and the articles of association; 
c) 
Verifying the regularity of the books, accounting records and documents supporting them;

--- Page 228 ---
228 
 
d) 
Verifying the accuracy of the financial statements; 
e) 
Supervising the efficiency of the risk management system, the internal control system and the 
internal audit system; 
f) 
Receiving the communications stating irregularities reported by shareholders, employees of the 
Bank or others; 
g) 
Monitoring the preparation and disclosure of financial information; 
h) 
Proposing to the General Meeting of Shareholders the election of the Chartered Accountant and 
of the External Auditor; 
i) 
Supervising the audit of the annual report and financial statements of the Bank; 
j) 
Verify the Statutory Auditor's independence, namely regarding the rendering of non-audit 
services; 
k) 
Engaging the provision of services by experts to assist one or several of its members in the 
exercise of their functions.  This engagement and the remuneration of the experts must take into 
account the importance of the issues committed to them and the Bank's economic situation; and 
l) 
Complying with all the other duties attributed to it by the law or by the Articles of Association. 
The Audit Committee is composed of the following members: 
 
 
Position 
Name 
Members: 
Cidália Maria da Mota Lopes 
 
Valter Rui Dias de Barros 
 
Fernando da Costa Lima 
Alternate member: 
Altina de Fátima Sebastian Gonzalez Villamarin 
Statements regarding the Members of Management and Supervision Bodies 
To the best of the Issuer's knowledge and in its understanding, having made enquiries, there are no 
potential conflicts of interests between the duties of any member of the management and supervision 
bodies identified above towards the Issuer or towards any other Group company and his/her personal 
interests and duties.  There are non-executive members of the Board of Directors with functions in other 
financial institutions that can be considered competitors of the Bank.  For this situation, the General 
Meeting of Shareholders held on 28 February 2012 resolved to authorise the presence of those members 
in the Board of Directors, which was also authorised in the General Meeting of Shareholders held on 
11 May 2015, and the General Meetings of Shareholders held on 30 May 2018 and 4 May 2022, where 
the majority of the current members of the Board of Directors were elected, with the mention of the 
adoption of a restrictive regime of access to sensitive information. 
Statutory Auditor 
The current Statutory Auditor and External Auditor of the Bank, Deloitte & Associados SROC, S.A., 
effectively represented by its partner João Carlos Henriques Gomes Ferreira, ROC n.º 1129, who 
replaced on 21 July 2022, Paulo Alexandre de Sá Fernandes, ROC n.º 1456, because he reached the 
maximum duration of the limit for the exercise of functions, and alternatively by Jorge Carlos Batalha 
Duarte Catulo, ROC No. 992, were elected at the General Meeting of Shareholders held on 20 May 
2020, for the three-year term of office 2021/2023, by a majority of 99.92% of the votes cast.

--- Page 229 ---
229 
 
Deloitte & Associados SROC, S.A was elected for the first time on 21 April of 2016. 
There are no potential conflicts of interest between the duties to the Bank of the persons listed above 
and their private interest or duties.

--- Page 230 ---
230 
 
SUMMARY FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
The financial information set out below has been derived from the audited consolidated financial 
statements of the Bank as at, and for the years ended on 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2022 and 
the unaudited and un-reviewed consolidated financial statements of the Bank as at, and for the three 
month period ended on, 31 March 2023. The consolidated financial statements of the Bank were 
prepared in accordance with IFRS, as endorsed by the European Union. Such financial information 
should be read together with, and is qualified in its entirety by reference to, the Bank's annual reports 
and audited financial statements as at, and for the years ended on, 31 December 2021 and 31 December 
2022 and the unaudited and un-reviewed interim report and financial statements as at, and for the three 
month period ended on 31 March 2023. The financial statements for the year ended on 31 December 
2021 have been approved by the General Meeting of Shareholders on 4 May 2022 and the financial 
statements for the year ended on 31 December 2022 will be subject to the approval of the General 
Meeting of Shareholders to be held on 24 May 2023.

--- Page 231 ---
231 
 
BANCO COMERCIAL PORTUGUÊS 
Consolidated Income Statements for the years ended 31 December 2022 and 2021 
(Audited) 
(Amounts expressed in thousands of EUR) 
 
 
2022 
2021 
Interest and similar income 
2,737,235 
1,709,124 
Interest expense and similar charges 
(587,463) 
(120,523) 
NET INTEREST INCOME 
2,149,772 
1,588,601 
Dividends from equity instruments 
10,086 
938 
Net fees and commissions income 
771,908 
727,723 
Gains/(losses) on financial operations at fair value through profit or loss 
27,306 
(247) 
Foreign exchange gains/(losses) 
19,390 
17,494 
Gains/(losses) on hedge accounting 
(2,233) 
4,286 
Gains/(losses) arising from derecognition of financial assets and liabilities 
at amortised cost 
18,883 
(3,717) 
Gains/(losses) arising from derecognition of financial assets at fair value 
through other comprehensive income 
(13,386) 
68,722 
Other operating income/(losses) 
(193,112) 
(128,905) 
TOTAL OPERATING INCOME 
2,788,614 
2,274,895 
Staff costs 
580,807 
654,270 
Other administrative costs 
352,961 
324,172 
Amortisations and depreciations 
139,250 
137,156 
TOTAL OPERATING EXPENSES 
1,073,018 
1,115,598 
NET OPERATING INCOME BEFORE PROVISIONS AND IMPAIRMENTS 
1,715,596 
1,159,297 
Results on modification 
(309,865) 
— 
Impairment of financial assets at amortised cost 
(300,829) 
(352,833) 
Impairment of financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income 
5,023 
(4,626) 
Impairment of other assets 
(192,059) 
(60,882) 
Other provisions 
(568,297) 
(642,726) 
NET OPERATING INCOME 
349,569 
98,230 
Share of profit of associates accounted for using the equity method 
68,722 
56,937 
Gains/(losses) on disposal of subsidiaries and other assets 
10,167 
2,570 
NET INCOME BEFORE INCOME TAXES 
428,458 
157,737 
Income taxes 
Current 
(109,632) 
(81,353) 
Deferred 
(194,688) 
(122,273) 
NET INCOME AFTER INCOME TAXES FROM CONTINUING OPERATIONS 
124,138 
(45,889) 
Net income from discontinued or discontinuing operations 
5,537 
70,881 
NET INCOME AFTER INCOME TAXES 
129,675 
24,992 
Net income for the year attributable to: 
Bank's Shareholders 
207,497 
138,082 
Non-controlling interests 
(77,822) 
(113,090) 
NET INCOME FOR THE YEAR 
129,675 
24,992 
Earnings per share (in Euros) 
Basic 
0.011 
0.007 
Diluted 
0.011 
0.007

--- Page 232 ---
232 
 
BANCO COMERCIAL PORTUGUÊS 
Interim Condensed Consolidated Income Statements 
for the three-month period ended 31 March 2023 and 31 March 2022 
(Unaudited) 
(Amounts expressed in thousands of EUR)  
 
31 March 2023 31 March 2022 
Interest and similar income 
 
978,598  
513,921
Interest expense and similar charges 
 
(314,047)  
(48,820
NET INTEREST INCOME 
 
664,551  
465,101
Dividends from equity instruments 
 
44  
889
Net fees and commissions income 
 
195,405  
192,844
Gains/(losses) on financial operations at fair value through profit or loss 
 
12,488  
8,691
Foreign exchange gains/(losses) 
 
6,567  
1,859
Gains/(losses) on hedge accounting 
 
668   
(2,162
Gains/(losses) arising from derecognition of financial assets and liabilities not 
measured at fair value through profit or loss 
 
112,672  
6,377
Gains/(losses) arising from derecognition of financial assets at fair value 
through other comprehensive income 
 
(832) 
28,619
Other operating income/(losses) 
 
(16,039)  
(25,298
TOTAL OPERATING INCOME 
 
975,524  
676,920
Staff costs 
 
144,337  
137,723
Other administrative costs 
 
90,261  
82,667
Amortisations and depreciations 
 
33,914  
34,611
TOTAL OPERATING EXPENSES 
 
268,512  
255,001
NET OPERATING INCOME BEFORE PROVISIONS AND IMPAIRMENTS 
 
707,012  
421,919
Results on modification 
 
(5,949)  
Impairment of financial assets at amortised cost 
 
(81,226)  
(90,932
Impairment of financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income 
 
245  
398
Impairment of other assets 
 
(2,789)  
(11,395
Other provisions 
 
(234,399)  
(152,039
NET OPERATING INCOME 
 
382,894  
167,951
Share of profit of associates accounted for using the equity method 
 
13,767  
16,208
Gains/(losses) on disposal of subsidiaries and other assets 
 
9,675  
7,617
NET INCOME BEFORE INCOME TAXES 
 
406,336  
191,776
Income taxes 
 
 
Current 
 
(76,299)  
(17,978
Deferred 
 
(79,947)  
(67,493
NET INCOME AFTER INCOME TAXES FROM CONTINUING OPERATIONS 
 
250,090  
106,305
Net income from discontinued or discontinuing operations 
 
— 
1,388
NET INCOME AFTER INCOME TAXES 
 
250,090  
107,693
Net income for the period attributable to: 
 
 
Bank's Shareholders 
 
214,959  
112,866
Non-controlling interests 
 
35,131   
(5,173
NET INCOME FOR THE PERIOD 
 
250,090  
107,693
Earnings per share (in Euros) 
 
 
Basic 
 
0.055  
0.027
Diluted 
 
0.055  
0.027

--- Page 233 ---
233 
 
BANCO COMERCIAL PORTUGUÊS 
Consolidated Balance Sheet as at 31 December 2022 and 2021 
(Audited) 
(Amounts expressed in thousands of EUR) 
2022 
2021 
ASSETS 
Cash and deposits at Central Banks 
6,022,001 
7,796,299 
Loans and advances to credit institutions repayable on demand 
213,460 
361,786 
Financial assets at amortised cost 
Loans and advances to credit institutions 
963,434 
453,213 
Loans and advances to customers 
54,675,793 
54,972,401 
Debt securities 
13,035,582 
8,205,196 
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss 
Financial assets held for trading 
766,597 
931,485 
Financial assets not held for trading mandatorily at fair value through profit or 
loss 
552,679 
990,938 
Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income 
7,461,553 
12,890,988 
Hedging derivatives 
59,703 
109,059 
Investments in associated companies 
298,717 
462,338 
Non-current assets held for sale 
499,035 
780,514 
Investment property 
15,217 
2,870 
Other tangible assets 
574,697 
600,721 
Goodwill and intangible assets 
182,687 
256,213 
Current tax assets 
17,945 
17,283 
Deferred tax assets 
2,938,986 
2,688,216 
Other assets 
1,582,455 
1,385,292 
TOTAL ASSETS 
89,860,541 
92,904,812 
LIABILITIES 
Financial liabilities at amortised 
cost Resources from credit 
institutions 
1,468,360 
8,896,074 
Resources from customers 
75,430,143 
69,560,227 
Non subordinated debt securities issued 
1,482,086 
2,188,363 
Subordinated debt 
1,333,056 
1,394,780 
Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss 
Financial liabilities held for trading 
241,506 
231,241 
Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss 
1,817,678 
1,581,778 
Hedging derivatives 
178,000 
377,206 
Provisions 
561,786 
458,744 
Current tax liabilities 
23,680 
20,427 
Deferred tax liabilities 
11,708 
16,932 
Other liabilities 
1,391,973 
1,116,983 
TOTAL LIABILITIES 
83,939,976 
85,842,755 
EQUITY 
Share capital 
3,000,000 
4,725,000 
Share premium 
16,471 
16,471 
Other equity instruments 
400,000 
400,000 
Legal and statutory reserves 
268,534 
259,528 
Reserves and retained earnings 
1,245,949 
580,304 
Net income for the year attributable to Bank's Shareholders 
207,497 
138,082 
TOTAL EQUITY ATTRIBUTABLE TO BANK'S SHAREHOLDERS 
5,138,451 
6,119,385 
Non-controlling interests 
782,114 
942,672 
TOTAL EQUITY 
5,920,565 
7,062,057 
TOTAL LIABILITIES AND EQUITY 
89,860,541 
92,904,812

--- Page 234 ---
234 
 
BANCO COMERCIAL PORTUGUÊS 
Consolidated Balance Sheet as at 31 March 2023 and 31 March 2022 
(Unaudited) 
(Amounts expressed in thousands of EUR)  
 
31 March 
2023
31 March 
2022
ASSETS
Cash and deposits at Central Banks
3.035.276
          
9.829.597
      
Loans and advances to credit institutions repayable on demand
203.508
             
290.040
         
Financial assets at amortised cost
   Loans and advances to credit institutions
628.975
             
816.853
         
   Loans and advances to customers
54.075.476
        
55.120.873
     
   Debt securities
14.958.995
        
9.181.107
      
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss
   Financial assets held for trading
1.581.105
          
1.364.250
      
   Financial assets not held for trading mandatorily at fair value through profit or loss
540.856
             
957.516
         
Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income
7.897.799
          
10.438.349
     
Hedging derivatives
38.943
              
455.823
         
Investments in associated companies
322.814
             
457.266
         
Non-current assets held for sale
253.491
             
700.275
         
Investment property 
14.720
              
3.023
            
Other tangible assets
607.023
             
595.658
         
Goodwill and intangible assets
177.389
             
252.954
         
Current tax assets
17.907
              
20.204
           
Deferred tax assets 
2.791.088
          
2.863.034
      
Other assets
2.011.441
          
2.214.498
      
TOTAL ASSETS
89.156.806
        
95.561.320
     
LIABILITIES
Financial liabilities at amortised cost
  Resources from credit institutions
1.095.155
          
8.979.742
      
  Resources from customers
73.913.771
        
71.944.040
     
  Non subordinated debt securities issued
1.488.619
          
2.158.734
      
  Subordinated debt
1.331.426
          
1.363.364
      
Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss
   Financial liabilities held for trading
246.611
             
170.059
         
   Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss
2.502.224
          
1.520.580
      
Hedging derivatives
130.644
             
1.040.213
      
Provisions
600.354
             
521.657
         
Current tax liabilities
62.876
              
8.191
            
Deferred tax liabilities
7.845
                
15.742
           
Other liabilities
1.471.683
          
1.269.212
      
TOTAL LIABILITIES
82.851.208
        
88.991.534
     
EQUITY
Share capital
3.000.000
          
4.725.000
      
Share premium
16.471
              
16.471
           
Other equity instruments
400.000
             
400.000
         
Legal and statutory reserves
268.534
             
259.528
         
Reserves and retained earnings
1.580.845
          
186.100
         
Net income for the period attributable to Bank's Shareholders
214.959
             
112.866
         
TOTAL EQUITY ATTRIBUTABLE TO BANK'S SHAREHOLDERS 
5.480.809
          
5.699.965
      
Non-controlling interests
824.789
             
869.821
         
TOTAL EQUITY
6.305.598
          
6.569.786
      
TOTAL LIABILITIES AND EQUITY
89.156.806
        
95.561.320

--- Page 235 ---
235 
 
BANCO COMERCIAL PORTUGUÊS 
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended 31 December 2022 and 2021 
(Audited) 
(Amounts expressed in thousands of EUR) 
 
2022
2021 
CASH FLOWS ARISING FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES 
Interests received 
2,297,720 
1,610,633 
Commissions received 
1,019,734 
925,786 
Fees received from services rendered 
101,771 
110,095 
Interests paid 
(363,636 ) 
(182,934) 
Commissions paid 
(176,465 ) 
(145,957) 
Recoveries on loans previously written off 
20,837 
22,938 
Net earned insurance premiums 
— 
20,975 
Claims incurred of insurance activity 
— 
(7,827) 
Payments (cash) to suppliers and employees (*) 
(1,220,319 ) 
(1,250,979) 
Income taxes (paid) / received 
(65,340 ) 
(61,834) 
1,614,302 
1,040,896 
Decrease / (increase) in operating assets: 
Receivables from / (Loans and advances to) credit institutions 
(227,767 ) 
204,997 
Deposits held with purpose of monetary control 
(280,418 ) 
190,049 
Loans and advances to customers receivable / (granted) 
(656,569 ) 
(4,192,195) 
Short term trading securities 
136,605 
45,161 
Increase / (decrease) in operating liabilities: 
Loans and advances to credit institutions repayable on demand 
(25,447 ) 
(42,783) 
Deposits from credit institutions with agreed maturity date 
(7,518,189 ) 
94,089 
Loans and advances to customers repayable on demand 
(274,554 ) 
6,589,819 
Deposits from customers with agreed maturity date 
6,652,456 
481,649 
(579,581 ) 
4,411,682 
CASH FLOWS ARISING FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES 
Assignment of investments in subsidiaries and associates which results in loss of control (**) 
— 
4,809 
Acquisition of investments in subsidiaries 
— 
(2,252) 
Dividends received 
54,263 
16,651 
Interest income from financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income and at 
amortised cost 
342,405 
199,303 
Sale of financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income and at amortised cost 
7,922,631 
6,552,698 
Acquisition of financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income and at 
amortised cost 
(50,657,550 ) 
(58,763,208) 
Maturity of financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income and at amortised 
cost 
42,276,068 
49,315,510 
Acquisition of tangible and intangible assets 
(126,189 ) 
(80,464) 
Sale of tangible and intangible assets 
9,434 
13,614 
Decrease / (increase) in other sundry assets 
(386,643 ) 
44,657 
(565,581 ) 
(2,698,682) 
CASH FLOWS ARISING FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES 
Issuance of subordinated debt 
133,700 
300,000 
Reimbursement of subordinated debt 
(133,700 ) 
(305,368) 
Issuance of debt securities 
402,264 
998,439 
Reimbursement of debt securities 
(1,156,473 ) 
(246,018) 
Issuance of commercial paper and other securities 
34,505 
105,708 
Reimbursement of commercial paper and other securities 
(12,374 ) 
(26,074) 
Dividends paid to Bank's shareholders 
(13,603 ) 
— 
Dividends paid to non-controlling interests 
(59,572 ) 
(17,516) 
Interest paid of the issue of Perpetual Subordinated Bonds (Additional Tier 1) 
(37,000 ) 
(37,000) 
Increase / (decrease) in other sundry liabilities and non-controlling interests (***) 
52,175 
(2,914) 
(790,078 ) 
769,257 
Exchange differences effect on cash and equivalents 
12,616 
109,569 
Net changes in cash and equivalents 
(1,922,624 ) 
2,591,826 
Cash  
601,772 
579,997 
Deposits at Central Banks  
7,194,527 
4,723,867 
Loans and advances to credit institutions repayable on demand 
361,786 
262,395 
CASH AND EQUIVALENTS AT THE BEGINNING OF THE YEAR 
8,158,085 
5,566,259 
Cash  
593,033 
601,772 
Deposits at Central Banks  
5,428,968 
7,194,527

--- Page 236 ---
236 
 
Loans and advances to credit institutions repayable on demand 
213,460 
361,786 
CASH AND EQUIVALENTS AT THE END OF THE YEAR 
6,235,461 
8,158,085 
 
(*) In 2022, this balance includes the amount of Euros 590,000 (2021: Euros 581,000) related to short-term lease contracts and the amount  of Euros 2,402,000 (2021: 
Euros 2,564,000) related to lease contracts of low value assets. 
(**) As in 2021, Banco Privée BCP (Suisse) S.A. and Seguradora Internacional de Moçambique, S.A. (now designated Fidelidade Moçambique - Companhia de 
Seguros S.A.) were considered discontinued operations, the respective amounts, net of intra-group operations, were incorporated into cash flows arising from 
investing operations. 
(***) In 2022, this balance includes the amount of Euros 53,330,000 (2021: Euros 58,206,000) corresponding to principal payments on lease liabilities.

--- Page 237 ---
237 
 
TAXATION  
The following is a general description of certain tax considerations relating to the Notes. It does not 
purport to be a complete analysis of all tax considerations relating to the Notes, whether in those 
countries or elsewhere. The tax laws of an investor's Member State and of the Issuer’s Member State of 
incorporation might have an impact on the income received from the securities. Prospective purchasers 
of Notes should consult their own tax advisers as to which countries' tax laws could be relevant to 
acquiring, holding and disposing of Notes and receiving payments of interest, principal and/or other 
amounts under the Notes and the consequences of such actions under the tax laws of those countries. It 
should also be noted that there are differences in the tax treatment of different Notes. This summary is 
based upon the law as in effect on the date of this Offering Circular and is subject to any change in law 
that may take effect after such date. 
1. 
Portuguese Taxation  
The following is a general summary of the Bank's understanding of current law and practice in 
Portugal as in effect on the date of this Offering Circular in relation to certain current relevant 
aspects to Portuguese taxation of the Notes and is subject to changes in such laws, including 
changes that could have a retroactive effect.  Potentially applicable transitional rules have not 
been considered. The following summary is intended as a general guide only and is not exhaustive. 
It is not intended to be, nor should it be considered to be, legal or tax advice to any holder of 
Notes. It neither takes into account nor discusses investors' individual circumstances or the tax 
laws of any country other than Portugal, and it relates only to the position of persons who are 
absolute beneficial owners of the Notes. Prospective investors are advised to consult their own tax 
advisers as to the Portuguese or other tax consequences of the purchase, ownership and disposal 
of Notes. Tax consequences may differ according to the provisions of different double taxation 
treaties, as well as according to a prospective investor's particular circumstances. 
The reference to "interest", "other investment income" and "capital gains" in the paragraphs below 
means "interest", "other investment income" and "capital gains" as understood in Portuguese tax law. 
The statements below do not take into account different definitions of "interest", "other investment 
income" or "capital gains" which may prevail under any other law or which may be created by the 
"Terms and Conditions of the Note" or any related documentation. 
Economic benefits derived from interest, accrued interest, amortisation or reimbursement premiums 
and other instances of remuneration arising from the Notes are designated as investment income for 
Portuguese tax purposes. 
Gains obtained with the repayment of Notes or of any other debt securities are qualified as capital gains 
for Portuguese tax purposes. 
Portuguese resident holders and non-resident holders with a Portuguese permanent establishment 
Interest and other types of investment income obtained on Notes by a Portuguese resident individual is 
subject to withholding tax at 28%, which, if such income is not earned as business or professional 
income, is the final tax on that income unless the individual elects to include it in his/ her taxable income 
subject to tax at progressive rates of up to 53%. 
Gains obtained on the disposal or the refund of the Notes by an individual resident in Portugal for tax 
purposes are subject to Portuguese capital gains taxation on the (annual) positive difference between 
such gains and gains on other securities and losses in securities. Tax applies at 28%, which is the final 
tax on that income, unless the individual elects to include it in his/her taxable income, subject to tax at 
progressive rates of up to 53%.

--- Page 238 ---
238 
 
The positive balance between capital gains and capital losses arising from the transfer for consideration 
of shares and other securities, which includes gains obtained on the disposal or the refund of the Notes, 
is obligatorily accumulated and taxed at progressive rates if the assets have been held for less than 365 
days and the taxable income of the taxpayer, including the balance of the capital gains and capital losses, 
amounts to or exceeds EUR 78,834. 
Stamp tax at 10% applies to the acquisition through gift or inheritance of Notes by an individual who 
is domiciled in Portugal. An exemption applies to transfers in favour of the spouse (or person living 
together as spouse), descendants and parents/grandparents. 
Interest or other investment income derived from the Notes and capital gains realised with the transfer 
of the Notes by legal persons resident for tax purposes in Portugal and by non-resident legal persons 
with a permanent establishment in Portugal to which the income or gains are attributable are included 
in their taxable profits and are subject to Portuguese corporate tax at 21% or 17% on the first EUR 
50,000 in the case of small, medium-sized and Small Mid Cap enterprises and may be subject to a 
municipal surcharge ("derrama municipal") of up to 1.5%. A state surcharge ("derrama estadual") also 
applies at 3% on taxable profits in excess of EUR 1,500,000 and up to EUR 7,500,000, and at 5% on 
taxable profits in excess of EUR 7,500,000 up to EUR 35,000,000, and at 9% on taxable profits in 
excess of EUR 35,000,000. 
Withholding tax at 25% applies to interest and other investment income, which is deemed a payment 
on account of the final tax due. The withholding (and final) tax rate is 21% in the case of entities 
benefiting from a tax exemption under Articles 9 and 10 of the corporate tax code that does not apply 
to investment income and in the case of entities not carrying on an activity of a commercial, industrial 
or agricultural nature.  
Financial institutions, pension funds, retirement saving funds, venture capital funds, collective 
investment undertakings and some exempt entities, among other entities, are not subject to withholding 
tax. 
Interest and other investment income paid or made available ("colocado à disposição") to accounts in 
the name of one or more accountholders acting on behalf of undisclosed entities is subject to a final 
withholding tax at 35%, unless the beneficial owner of the income is disclosed, in which case the general 
rules will apply. 
The acquisition of Notes through gift or inheritance by a Portuguese resident legal person or a 
non-resident acting through a Portuguese permanent establishment is subject to Portuguese corporate 
tax at 21%, or 17% on the first EUR 50,000 in the case of small, medium-sized and Small Mid Cap 
enterprises. A municipal surcharge ("derrama municipal") of up to 1.5% may also be due. A state 
surcharge ("derrama estadual") also applies at 3% on taxable profits in excess of EUR 1,500,000 and 
up to EUR 7,500,000, and at 5% on taxable profits in excess of EUR 7,500,000 up to EUR 35,000,000, 
and at 9% on taxable profits in excess of EUR 35,000,000. 
There is no wealth nor estate tax in Portugal. 
Non-resident holders without a Portuguese permanent establishment – General rules 
Interest and other types of investment income obtained by non-resident holders without a Portuguese 
permanent establishment to which the income is attributable is subject to withholding tax at 28% 
(individuals) or 25% (legal persons), which is the final tax on that income. The withholding tax rate is 
35% in the case of individuals or legal persons domiciled in a country, territory or region included in 
the "tax havens" list approved by Ministerial Order No. 150/2004, of 13 February 2004, as amended 
from time to time (hereafter "Ministerial Order No. 150/2004").

--- Page 239 ---
239 
 
Interest and other investment income paid or made available ("colocado à disposição") to accounts in 
the name of one or more accountholders acting on behalf of undisclosed entities is subject to a final 
withholding tax at 35%, unless the beneficial owner of the income is disclosed, in which case the general 
rules will apply. 
Under the tax treaties entered into by Portugal, the withholding tax rate may be reduced to 15, 12, 10 
or 5%, depending on the applicable treaty and provided that the relevant formalities are met. These 
formalities include the certification, through a document issued by the competent tax authorities, of the 
residence of the beneficial owners of the interest and other investment income in the periods concerned, 
as well as the certification that they are subject to taxation. The reduction may apply at source or through 
the refund of the excess tax. The standard forms currently applicable for these purposes, to be presented 
with the document issued by the competent tax authorities, were approved by Order ("Despacho") No. 
8363/2020, of 31 August 2020 (second series), published in the Portuguese official gazette, second 
series, No. 169, of 31 August 2020, of the Portuguese Secretary of State for tax affairs and may be 
available for viewing and downloading at www.portaldasfinancas.gov.pt. 
Interest paid to an associated company of the Bank which is resident in the European Union is exempt 
from withholding tax. 
For these purposes, an "associated company of the Bank" is: 
(a) 
a company which is subject to one of the taxes on profits listed in Article 3(a)(iii) of Council 
Directive 2003/49/EC without being exempt, which takes one of the forms listed in the Annex 
to that Directive, which is considered to be resident in a Member State of the European Union 
and is not, within the meaning of a double taxation convention on income concluded with a 
third state, considered to be resident for tax purposes outside the European Community; and 
(b) 
which holds a minimum direct holding of 25% in capital of the Bank, or is directly held by the 
Bank in at least 25% or which is directly held in at least 25% by a company which also holds 
at least 25% of the capital of the Bank; and 
(c) 
provided that the holding has been maintained for an uninterrupted period of at least two years. 
If the minimum holding period is met after the date the withholding tax becomes due, a refund 
may be obtained. 
The associated company of the Bank to which payments are made must be the beneficial owner of the 
interest, which will be the case if it receives the interest for its own benefit and not as an intermediary, 
either as a representative, a trustee or authorised signatory, for some other person. 
Capital gains obtained on the disposal or the refund of the Notes by an individual non-resident in 
Portugal for tax purposes are subject to Portuguese capital gains taxation on the (annual) positive 
difference between such gains and gains on other securities and losses in securities. Tax applies at 28%. 
An exemption applies to non-resident individuals, unless they are resident in a country, territory or 
region included in Ministerial Order No. 150/2004. Under the tax treaties entered into by Portugal, such 
gains are usually not subject to Portuguese tax, but the applicable rules should be confirmed on a case 
by case basis.  
Gains obtained on the disposal or the refund of Notes by a legal person non-resident in Portugal for tax 
purposes and without a permanent establishment in Portugal to which gains are attributable are exempt 
from Portuguese capital gains taxation, unless the share capital of the holder is (a) more than 25% 
directly or indirectly, held by Portuguese resident entities or (b) if the holder is resident in a country, 
territory or region subject to a clearly more favourable tax regime included in Ministerial Order No. 
150/2004. If the exemption does not apply, the gains will be subject to tax at 25%. Under the tax treaties

--- Page 240 ---
240 
 
entered into by Portugal, such gains are usually not subject to Portuguese tax, but the applicable rules 
should be confirmed on a case by case basis. 
No stamp tax applies to the acquisition through gift and inheritance of Notes by an individual who is 
not domiciled in Portugal. 
The acquisition of Notes through gift or inheritance by a non-resident legal person is subject to corporate 
tax at 25%. Under the tax treaties entered into by Portugal, such gains are usually not subject to 
Portuguese tax, but the applicable rules should be confirmed on a case-by-case basis. 
There is neither wealth nor estate tax in Portugal. 
Notes held through a centralised control system 
The regime described above corresponds to the general tax treatment of investment income and capital 
gains on the Notes and to the acquisition through gift or inheritance of such Notes. 
Nevertheless, pursuant to the Special Taxation Regime for Debt Securities approved by Decree-law No. 
193/2005, of 7 November 2005, as amended from time to time (hereafter "the special regime approved 
by Decree-Law No. 193/2005"), investment income and gains on the disposal or the refund of debt 
securities issued by Portuguese resident entities, such as the Notes, may be exempt from Portuguese 
income tax, provided that the debt securities are integrated in a centralised system managed by 
Portuguese resident entities (such as the Central de Valores Mobiliários, managed by Interbolsa), by 
other European Union or EEA entities that manage international clearing systems (in the latter case if 
there is administrative co-operation for tax purposes with the relevant country which is equivalent to 
that in place within the European Union), or, when authorised by the member of the government in 
charge of finance (currently the Finance Minister), in other centralised systems and: 
(a) 
the beneficial owners have no residence, head office, effective management or permanent 
establishment in the Portuguese territory to which the income is attributable; and 
(b) 
the beneficial owners are central banks and government agencies, international organisations 
recognised by the Portuguese state, residents in a country or jurisdiction with which Portugal 
has entered into a double tax treaty or a tax information exchange agreement in force or other 
non–resident entities which are not domiciled in a country, territory or region subject to a 
clearly more favourable tax regime included in Ministerial Order No. 150/2004. 
The special regime approved by Decree-law No. 193/2005 sets out the detailed rules and procedures to 
be followed on the proof of non-residence by the holders of Notes to which it applies. 
Under these rules, the direct register entity is to obtain and keep proof, in the form described below, 
that the beneficial owner is a non-resident entity that is entitled to the exemption. As a general rule, the 
proof of non-residence by the holders of Notes should be provided to, and received by, the direct register 
entities prior to the relevant date for payment of any interest, or the redemption date (for Zero Coupon 
Notes), and, in the case of domestically cleared Notes, prior to the transfer of Notes, as the case may 
be. For the avoidance of doubt is it envisaged that the Notes will be integrated in a centralised system 
managed by a Portuguese domestic entity (Interbolsa). 
The following is a general description of the rules and procedures on the proof required for the 
exemption to apply at source, as they stand on the date of this Offering Circular.

--- Page 241 ---
241 
 
Domestically Cleared Notes 
The beneficial owner of Notes must provide proof of non-residence in Portuguese territory substantially 
in the terms set forth below. 
(a) 
If a holder of Notes is a central bank, a public law entity or agency or an international 
organisation recognised by the Portuguese state, a declaration of tax residence issued by the 
holder of Notes, duly signed and authenticated or proof pursuant to sub-paragraph (d) below; 
(b) 
If the beneficial owner of Notes is a credit institution, a financial company, pension fund or an 
insurance company domiciled in any OECD country or in a country or jurisdiction with which 
Portugal has entered into a double taxation treaty, and is subject to a special supervision regime 
or administrative registration, certification shall be made by means of the following: (A) its tax 
identification; or (B) a certificate issued by the entity responsible for such supervision or 
registration or by the tax authorities confirming the legal existence of the holder of Notes and 
its domicile; or (C) proof of non-residence, pursuant to the terms of sub-paragraph (d) below; 
(c) 
If the beneficial owner of Notes is either an investment fund or other type of collective 
investment undertaking domiciled in any OECD country or any country or jurisdiction with 
which Portugal has entered into a double tax treaty or a tax information exchange agreement in 
force, certification shall be provided by means of any of the following documents: (A) 
declaration issued by the entity which is responsible for its registration or supervision or by the 
tax authorities, confirming its legal existence and the law of incorporation; or (B) proof of non-
residence pursuant to the terms of sub-paragraph (d) below; 
(d) 
In any other case, confirmation must be made by way of (A) a certificate of residence or 
equivalent document issued by the relevant tax authorities, or (B) a document issued by the 
relevant Portuguese consulate certifying residence abroad, or (C) a document specifically 
issued by an official entity of the public administration (either central, regional or peripheral, 
indirect or autonomous) of the relevant country certifying the residence; for these purposes, an 
identification document such as a passport or an identity card or document by means of which 
it is only indirectly possible to assume the relevant tax residence (such as a work or permanent 
residency permit) is not acceptable. 
There are rules on the authenticity and validity of the documents mentioned in sub-paragraph (d) above, 
in particular that the holder of Notes must provide an original or a certified copy of the residence 
certificate or equivalent document. This document must be issued up to until three months after the date 
on which the withholding tax would have been applied and will be valid for a 3-year period starting on 
the date such document is issued. The holder of Notes must inform the register entity immediately of 
any change that may preclude the tax exemption from applying. 
In what concerns the documents mentioned in sub-paragraphs (a) to (c) above, proof of non-residence 
is required only once, the beneficial owner having to inform the register entity of any changes that 
impact the entitlement to the exemption. 
Internationally Cleared Notes 
If the Notes are registered in an account with an international clearing system, prior to the relevant date 
for payment of any interest or the redemption date (for Zero Coupon Notes), the entity managing such 
system is to provide to the direct register entity or its representative the identification and number of 
securities, as well as the income and, when applicable, the tax withheld, itemised by type of beneficial 
owner, as follows: (i) Portuguese resident entities or permanent establishments of non-resident entities 
to which the income is attributable which are not exempt from tax and are subject to withholding tax;

--- Page 242 ---
242 
 
(ii) Entities domiciled in a country, territory, or region subject to a clearly more favourable tax regime 
included in Ministerial Order No. 150/2004, which are not exempt from tax and are subject to 
withholding tax ; (iii) Portuguese resident entities or permanent establishments of non-resident entities 
to which the income is attributable which are exempt from tax and are not subject to withholding tax; 
(iv) other non-Portuguese resident entities. 
In addition, the international clearing system managing entity is to provide to the direct register entity, 
in relation to each income payment, at least the following information concerning each of the 
beneficiaries mentioned in items (i), (ii) and (iii) above: name and address, tax identification number, 
if applicable, identification of the securities held and amount thereof and amount of income. 
No Portuguese exemption shall apply at source under the special regime approved by Decree-Law No. 
193/2005 if the above rules and procedures are not followed.  Accordingly, the general Portuguese tax 
provisions shall apply as described above. 
If the conditions for an exemption to apply are met, but, due to inaccurate or insufficient information, 
tax is withheld, a special refund procedure is available under the regime approved by Decree-Law No. 
193/2005. 
The refund claim is to be submitted to the direct or indirect register entity of the Notes within 6 months 
from the date the withholding took place. 
The refund of withholding tax in other circumstances or after the above 6 months period is to be claimed 
to the Portuguese Tax Authorities within 2 years from the end of the year in which tax was withheld.  
The refund is to be made within 3 months, after which interest is due. 
The forms currently applicable for the above purposes were approved by Order ("Despacho") No. 
2937/2014 of the Portuguese Secretary of State for Tax Affairs, published in the Portuguese official 
gazette, second series, No. 37, of 21 February 2014 and may be available for viewing and downloading 
at www.portaldasfinanças.gov.pt.  
2. 
Irish Taxation   
The following is a summary of the Irish withholding tax treatment of the Notes. It is based on the laws 
and practice of the Revenue Commissioners of Ireland currently in force in Ireland as at the date of this 
Offering Circular and may be subject to change. The summary does not purport to be a comprehensive 
description of all of the Irish tax considerations that may be relevant to a decision to purchase, own or 
dispose of the Notes. The summary does not constitute tax or legal advice and the comments below are 
of a general nature only and it does not discuss all aspects of Irish taxation that may be relevant to any 
particular holder of Notes. Prospective investors in the Notes should consult their professional advisers 
on the tax implications of the purchase, holding, redemption or sale of the Notes and the receipt of 
payments thereon under any laws applicable to them. 
(a) 
Withholding Tax 
In general, tax at the standard rate of income tax (currently 20%), is required to be withheld 
from payments of Irish source income. The Issuer will not be obliged to withhold Irish income 
tax from payments of interest on the Notes so long as such payments do not constitute Irish 
source income. Interest paid on the Notes should not be treated as having an Irish source unless: 
(i) 
The Issuer is resident in Ireland for tax purposes; or 
(ii) 
the Issuer has a branch or permanent establishment in Ireland, the assets or income of which is 
used to fund the payments on the Notes; or

--- Page 243 ---
243 
 
(iii) 
the Issuer is not resident in Ireland for tax purposes but the register for the Notes is maintained 
in Ireland or (if the Notes are in bearer form) the Notes are physically held in Ireland. 
It is anticipated that, (A) the Issuer is not and will not be resident in Ireland for tax purposes; 
(B) the Issuer will not have a branch or permanent establishment in Ireland; (C) that bearer 
Notes will not be physically located in Ireland; and (D) the Issuer will not maintain a register 
of any registered Notes in Ireland. 
In any event, an exemption from withholding on interest payments exists under Section 64 of 
the Taxes Consolidation Act 1997 of Ireland for certain interest bearing securities ("quoted 
Eurobonds") issued by a body corporate (such as the Issuer) which are quoted on a recognised 
stock exchange (which would include Euronext Dublin). 
Any interest paid on such quoted Eurobonds can be paid free of withholding tax provided: 
(A) 
the person by or through whom the payment is made is not in Ireland; or 
(B) 
the payment is made by or through a person in Ireland, and either: 
(I) 
the quoted Eurobond is held in a clearing system recognised by the Irish 
Revenue Commissioners (Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg are so 
recognised), or 
(II) 
the person who is the beneficial owner of the quoted Eurobond and who is 
beneficially entitled to the interest is not resident in Ireland and has made a 
declaration to a relevant person (such as an Irish paying agent) in the prescribed 
form. 
So long as the Notes are quoted on a recognised stock exchange and are held in 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, interest on the Notes can be paid by the 
Issuer and any paying agent acting on behalf of the Issuer without any withholding or 
deduction for or on account of Irish income tax. 
(b) 
Taxation of Noteholders 
Notwithstanding that a Noteholder may receive interest on the Notes free of withholding tax, 
the Noteholder may still be liable to pay Irish income or corporation tax (and, in the case of 
individuals, the universal social charge) on such interest if (i) such interest has an Irish source 
(as discussed in 'Withholding Tax' above), (ii) the Noteholder is resident or (in the case of a 
person other than a body corporate) ordinarily resident in Ireland for tax purposes (in which 
case there would also be a social insurance (PRSI) liability for an individual in receipt of interest 
on the Notes) or (iii) the Notes are attributed to a branch or agency in Ireland. 
However, interest on the Notes will be exempt from Irish income tax if the recipient of the 
interest is resident in a relevant territory (a member state of the European Union (other than 
Ireland) or in a country with which Ireland has a comprehensive double taxation agreement) 
provided either (A) the Notes are quoted Eurobonds and are exempt from withholding tax as 
set out above (B) if the Notes are not or cease to be quoted Eurobonds exempt from withholding 
tax and the recipient of the interest is a company resident in a relevant territory that generally 
taxes foreign source interest. 
Ireland operates a self-assessment system in respect of income and corporation tax and each 
person must assess its own liability to Irish tax.

--- Page 244 ---
244 
 
(c) 
Withholding of Irish Encashment Tax 
Payments on any Notes paid by a paying agent in Ireland or collected or realised by an agent in 
Ireland acting on behalf of the beneficial owner of Notes will be subject to Irish encashment 
tax at the standard rate of Irish tax (currently 25%), unless it is proved, on a claim made in the 
required manner to the Revenue Commissioners of Ireland, that the beneficial owner of the 
Notes entitled to the interest or distribution is not resident in Ireland for the purposes of Irish 
tax and such interest or distribution is not deemed, under the provisions of Irish tax legislation, 
to be income of another person that is resident in Ireland. 
3. 
Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act   
Sections 1471 through 1474 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 ("FATCA") impose a 
new reporting regime and, potentially, a 30% withholding tax with respect to: (i) certain 
payments from sources within the United States, (ii) "foreign passthru payments" made to 
certain non-U.S. financial institutions that do not comply with this new reporting regime, and 
(iii) payments to certain investors that do not provide identification information with respect to 
interests issued by a participating non-U.S. financial institution. FATCA may affect payments 
made to custodians or intermediaries in the subsequent payment chain leading to the ultimate 
investor if any such custodian or intermediary generally is unable to receive payments free of 
FATCA withholding. It may also affect payment to any ultimate investor that fails to provide 
its broker (or other custodian or intermediary from which it receives payment) with any 
information, forms, other documentation or consents that may be necessary for the payments 
to be made free of FATCA withholding. 
Investors should choose the custodians or intermediaries with care (to ensure each is compliant 
with FATCA or other laws or agreements related to FATCA) and provide each custodian or 
intermediary with any information, forms, other documentation or consents that may be 
necessary for such custodian or intermediary to make a payment free of FATCA withholding. 
Investors should consult their own tax advisor to obtain a more detailed explanation of FATCA 
and how FATCA may affect them. The Issuer’s obligations under the Notes are discharged 
once it has made payment via the Interbolsa system and the Issuer therefore has no 
responsibility for any amount thereafter transmitted through Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or Interbolsa and custodians or intermediaries. Further, foreign financial 
institutions in a jurisdiction which has entered into an intergovernmental agreement with the 
United States (an "IGA") are generally not expected to be required to withhold under FATCA 
or an IGA (or any law implementing an IGA) form payments they make. 
Portugal signed an IGA with the United States on 6 August 2015 and has implemented through 
Law No. 82-B/2014, of 31 December 2014 (as amended), the legal framework based on the 
reciprocal exchange of information with the United States on financial accounts subject to 
disclosure. The IGA entered into force in 10 August 2016, and through Decree-Law No. 
64/2016, of 11 October 2016, amended by Law No. 98/2017, of 24 August 2017 and Law No. 
17/2019 of 14 February 2019, the Portuguese government approved the regulation required to 
comply with FATCA. Under this legislation, the Issuer is required to obtain information 
regarding certain accountholders and report such information to the Portuguese Tax 
Authorities, which, in turn, will report such information to the US Internal Revenue Service. 
The exchange of information shall be made by 31 July of each year comprising the information 
gathered respecting the previous year. 
Holders should consult their own tax advisers regarding how these rules may apply to their 
investment in Notes. In the event any withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an

--- Page 245 ---
245 
 
IGA with respect to payments on the Notes, no person will be required to pay additional 
amounts as a result of the withholding. 
4. 
The proposed financial transactions tax ("FTT")   
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission published a proposal (the "Commission's 
Proposal") for a Directive for a FTT in Belgium, Germany, Greece, Spain, France, Italy, 
Austria, Portugal, Slovenia, Slovakia (the "participating Member States") and Estonia. 
However, Estonia has since stated that it will not participate. 
Currently, after the withdrawal of the Republic of Estonia as a Member State wishing to 
participate in the establishment of the enhanced cooperation, ten countries are participating in 
the negotiations on the proposed directive.  At the working party meeting of 7 May 2019, 
participating Member States indicated that they were discussing the option of an FTT based on 
the French model of the tax, and the possible mutualisation of the revenues among the 
participating member states as a contribution to the EU budget. 
The Spanish FTT entered into force on 16 January 2021. 
The FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between the participating Member States. It 
may therefore be altered prior to any implementation, the timing of which remains unclear. 
Additional European Union Member States may decide to participate. Prospective holders of 
Notes are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the FTT. 
5. 
Administrative co-operation in the field of taxation – Common Reporting Standard   
Council Directive 2011/16/EU, as amended by Council Directive 2014/107/EU, of 9 December 
2014, introduced the automatic exchange of information in the field of taxation concerning 
bank accounts and is in accordance with the Global Standard released by the Organisation for 
Economic Co-operation and Development in July 2014 (the Common Reporting Standard). 
Portugal has implemented Directive 2011/16/EU through Decree-Law No. 61/2013, of 10 May 
2013, as amended by Decree-Law No. 64/2016, of 11 October 2016, Law No. 98/2017, of 24 
August 2017, and Law No. 17/2019, of 14 February 2019. 
The Council Directive 2014/107/EU, of 9 December 2014, regarding the mandatory automatic 
exchange of information in the field of taxation was also implemented in Portugal through 
through the Decree-Law No. 64/2016, of 11 October 2016, as amended, Law No. 98/2017, of 
24 August 2017, and Law No. 17/2019, of 14 February 2019. Under such law, the Issuer is 
required to collect information regarding certain accountholders and report such information to 
Portuguese Tax Authorities – which, in turn, will report such information to the relevant tax 
authorities of EU Member States or third States which have signed the Multilateral Competent 
Authority Agreement on Automatic Exchange of Financial Account Information for the 
Common Reporting Standard. Law no. 17/2019, of 14 February 2019 introduced the regime for 
the automatic exchange of financial information to be carried out by financial institutions to the 
Portuguese Tax Authority (until July 31, with reference to the previous year) with respect to 
accounts held by holders or beneficiaries resident in the Portuguese territory with a balance or 
value that exceeds EUR 50,000 (assessed at the end of each civil year). This regime covers 
information related to years 2018 and following years. 
Under Council Directive 2014/107/EU, of 9 December 2014, financial institutions are required 
to report to the tax authorities of their respective Member State (for the exchange of information 
with the state of residence) information regarding bank accounts, including custodial accounts,

--- Page 246 ---
246 
 
held by individual persons residing in a different Member State or entities which are controlled 
by one or more individual persons residing in a different Member State, after having applied 
the due diligence rules foreseen in the Directive.  The information refers to the account balance 
at the end of the calendar year, income paid or credited in the account and the proceeds from 
the sale or redemption of the financial assets paid or credited in the account during the calendar 
year to which the financial institution acted as custodian, broker, nominee, or otherwise as an 
agent for the account holder, among others. 
In view of the regime enacted by Decree-Law No. 64/2016, of 11 October 2016, which was 
amended by Law No. 98/2017, of 24 August 2017, and Law No. 17/2019, of 14 February 2019, 
all information regarding the registration of the financial institution, the procedures to comply 
with the reporting obligations arising thereof and the applicable forms were approved by 
Ministerial Order ("Portaria")  No. 302-B/2016, of 2 December 2016, as amended by 
Ministerial Order ("Portaria") No. 282/2018, of 19 October 2018, Ministerial Order 
("Portaria") No. 302-C/2016, of 2 December 2016, Ministerial Order ("Portaria") No. 302-
D/2016, of 2 December 2016, as amended by Ministerial Order ("Portaria") No. 255/2017, of 
14 August 2017, and by Ministerial Order ("Portaria") No. 58/2018, of 27 February 2018, and 
Ministerial Order ("Portaria")  No. 302-E/2016, of 2 December 2016. 
Administrative co-operation in the field of taxation – Mandatory Disclosure Rules   
Council Directive 2011/16/EU, as amended by Council Directive (EU) 2018/822 of 25 May, 
introduced the automatic exchange of tax information concerning the cross-border mechanisms 
to be reported to the tax authorities, in order to ensure a better operation of the EU market by 
discouraging the use of aggressive cross-border tax planning arrangements. 
Under Council Directive (EU) 2018/822 of 25 May, the intermediaries or the relevant taxpayers 
are subject to the obligation to communicate cross-border tax planning arrangements’ 
information to the tax authorities of EU Member States, according to certain hallmarks 
indicating a potential risk of tax avoidance. 
Portugal implemented Council Directive (EU) 2018/822 of 25 May through Law No. 26/2020, 
of 21 July, and Decree-Law No. 53/2020, of 11 August, with the following features: 
 
- Reportable arrangements include cross-border and purely domestic arrangements, but 
generic hallmarks linked to the main benefit test are not relevant in case of purely domestic 
arrangements. 
 
- The main benefit test is only satisfied if the obtaining of a tax advantage, beyond a 
reasonable doubt, is the main benefit or one of the main benefits which, having regard to 
all relevant facts and circumstances, a person may reasonably expect to derive from an 
arrangement.  
 
- Tax advantage is defined as any reduction, elimination or tax deferral, including the use of 
tax losses or the granting of tax benefits that would not be granted fully or partially, without 
the use of the mechanism. 
 
- In case any professional privilege or confidentiality clauses apply, the reporting obligations 
are shifted to the relevant taxpayer; however, in case the relevant taxpayer does not comply 
with this obligation, the reporting obligation is then shifted again to the intermediary. 
 
The deadlines to file information to the Portuguese Tax Authorities are as follows:

--- Page 247 ---
247 
 
- The standard 30-day reporting period, as well as the period of 5 days to inform the taxpayer 
in case any professional privilege or confidentiality clauses applies to the intermediary, 
begin on 1 January 2021; 
 
- Reportable cross-border arrangements which first step was implemented between 25 June 
2018 and 30 June 2020 – to be filed by 28 February 2021; 
 
- Reportable domestic or cross-border arrangements made available for implementation or 
ready for implementation, or where the first step in its implementation has been made 
between 1 July 2020 and 31 December 2020 - the period of 30 days for filing information 
and the period of 5 days to inform the taxpayer begin on 1 January 2021; 
 
- The deadline for the first periodic reporting of domestic and cross-border marketable 
arrangements is 30 April 2021. 
The applicable form (Model 58) to comply with the reporting obligations to the Portuguese Tax 
Authority was approved by Ministerial Order no. 304/2020, of 29 December.

--- Page 248 ---
248 
 
CLEARING AND SETTLEMENT   
To the best of the knowledge of the Bank (having taken all reasonable care to ensure that such is the 
case), the information in this section concerning Interbolsa is correct as of the date of this Offering 
Circular. The information set out below is subject to any change in or reinterpretation of the rules, 
regulations and procedures of Interbolsa currently in effect. Investors wishing to use the facilities of 
Interbolsa are advised to confirm the continued applicability of the rules, regulations and procedures 
of Interbolsa. The Issuer, any agent party to the Agency Terms, the Arranger or any of the Dealers will 
have no responsibility or liability for any aspect of the records relating to or payments made on account 
of beneficial ownership interests in the Notes held through the facilities of Interbolsa or for maintaining, 
supervising or reviewing any records relating to such beneficial ownership interests. 
General 
Interbolsa holds security through a centralised system (sistema centralizado) composed by 
interconnected securities accounts, through which such securities (and inherent rights) are held and 
transferred, and which allows Interbolsa to control at all times the amount of securities so held and 
transferred. The centralised securities system of Interbolsa provides for all procedures required for the 
exercise of ownership rights inherent to the Notes. 
In relation to each issue of securities, Interbolsa's centralised system comprises, inter alia, (a) the issue 
account, opened by the Issuer in the centralised system and which reflects the full amount of issued 
securities; and (b) the control accounts opened by each of the financial intermediaries which participate 
in Interbolsa's centralised system, and which reflect the securities held by such participant on behalf of 
its customers in accordance with its individual securities accounts. 
Notes will be attributed an International Securities Identification Number code ("ISIN") through the 
codification system of Interbolsa (and if applicable any other relevant financial instrument codes, such 
as a Classification of Financial Instruments code ("CFI") and a Financial Instrument Short Name code 
("FISN")). Notes will be accepted and registered with Central de Valores Mobiliários, the centralised 
securities system managed and operated by Interbolsa and settled by Interbolsa's settlement system. 
Form of the Notes 
The Notes of each Series will be in book entry form and title to the Notes will be evidenced by book 
entries in accordance with the provisions of the Portuguese Securities Code (Código dos Valores 
Mobiliários) and the applicable CMVM and Interbolsa regulations. No physical document of title will 
be issued in respect of the Notes. 
The Notes of each Series will be registered in the relevant issue account opened by the Issuer with 
Interbolsa and will be held in control accounts by each Interbolsa Participant (as defined below) on 
behalf of the holders of the Notes. Such control accounts reflect at all times the aggregate of Notes held 
in the individual securities accounts opened by the holders of the Notes with each of the Interbolsa 
Participants. The expression "Interbolsa Participant" means any authorised financial intermediary 
entitled to hold control accounts with Interbolsa on behalf of their customers and includes any 
depositary banks appointed by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg for the purpose of holding 
accounts on behalf of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Each person shown in the records of an Interbolsa Participant as having an interest in Notes shall be 
treated as the holder of the principal amount of the Notes recorded therein. 
Payment of principal and interest in respect of Notes

--- Page 249 ---
249 
 
Payment of principal and interest in respect of the Notes will be (i) credited, according to the procedures 
and regulations of Interbolsa, by the Agent (acting on behalf of the Issuer) to the accounts used by the 
Interbolsa Participants for payments in respect of securities held through Interbolsa and thereafter (ii) 
credited by such Interbolsa Participants from the aforementioned accounts to the accounts of the owners 
of those Notes or through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg to the accounts with Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg of the beneficial owners of those Notes, in accordance with the rules and 
procedures of Interbolsa, Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be. 
Transfer of Notes 
Notes may, subject to compliance with all applicable rules, restrictions and requirements of Interbolsa 
and Portuguese law, be transferred to a person who wishes to hold such Notes. No owner of Notes will 
be able to transfer such Notes, except in accordance with Portuguese Law and the applicable procedures 
of Interbolsa.

--- Page 250 ---
250 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER RESTRICTIONS 
The Programme Dealers, pursuant to an amended and restated dealer agreement dated 19 May 2023 (as 
amended, restated or supplemented from time to time, the "Dealer Agreement"), have agreed with the 
Issuer on the terms upon which any one or more of the Programme Dealers may from time to time agree 
to purchase (as principal, unless the applicable Final Terms states otherwise) Notes. Any such 
agreement will extend to those matters stated under "Form of the Notes"; "Form of Final Terms"; and 
"Terms and Conditions of the Notes" above. In the Dealer Agreement, the Issuer has agreed to reimburse 
the Programme Dealers for certain of their expenses in connection with the establishment and any future 
update of the Programme and the issue of Notes under the Programme. The Issuer may also agree to 
issue Notes to Issue Dealers who shall enter into the Dealer Agreement with the Issuer for the purpose 
only of a particular issue or issues of Notes under the Programme on, and subject to, the terms of the 
Dealer Agreement. The Dealers are entitled in certain circumstances to be released and discharged from 
their obligations under the Dealer Agreement prior to the closing of the issue of the Notes, including in 
the event that certain conditions precedent are not delivered or met to their satisfaction on the Issue 
Date. In this situation, the issuance of the Notes may not be completed. Investors will have no rights 
against the Issuer or any Dealer in respect of any expense incurred or loss suffered in these 
circumstances. 
United States 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act, or the securities laws of 
any state or other jurisdiction of the United States, and may not be offered or sold within the United 
States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in certain transactions exempt from 
the registration requirements of the Securities Act. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings 
given to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
The applicable Final Terms will identify whether TEFRA C rules apply or whether TEFRA is not 
applicable. If TEFRA C applies, the Notes are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be 
offered, sold or delivered within the United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except 
in certain transactions permitted by U.S. Treasury regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the 
meanings given to them by the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and Treasury regulations 
promulgated thereunder. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent and agree, that it will not offer, sell or deliver Notes (a) as part of their 
distribution at any time or (b) otherwise until 40 days after the completion of the distribution of all 
Notes of the Tranche of which such Notes are a part of all Notes of the Tranche of which such Notes 
are a part, within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. Each Dealer has 
further agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree, that 
it will send to each dealer to which it sells any Notes during the distribution compliance period a 
confirmation or other notice setting forth the restrictions on offers and sales of the Notes within the 
United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. Terms used in this paragraph have 
the meanings given to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
Until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of any Series of Notes, an offer or sale of such 
Notes within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may violate 
the registration requirements of the Securities Act if such offer or sale is made otherwise than in 
accordance with an available exemption from registration under the Securities Act.

--- Page 251 ---
251 
 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" 
as "Not Applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under 
the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made 
available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the 
offering contemplated by this Offering Circular as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to 
any retail investor in the EEA.  For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would 
not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; 
or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the Prospectus 
Regulation); and 
(b) 
the expression an "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of 
sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an 
investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" as 
"Not Applicable", in relation to each Member State of the EEA , each Programme Dealer has 
represented and agreed, and each further Programme Dealer or Issue Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of 
Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Offering Circular as completed by the 
final terms in relation thereto to the public in that Member State, except that it may make an offer of 
such Notes to the public in that Member State: 
(a) 
if the final terms in relation to the Notes specify that an offer of those Notes may be made other 
than pursuant to Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation in that Member State (a "Non-
exempt Offer"), following the date of publication of a prospectus in relation to such Notes 
which has been approved by the competent authority in that Member State or, where 
appropriate, approved in another Member State and notified to the competent authority in that 
Member State, provided that any such prospectus has subsequently been completed by the final 
terms contemplating such Non-exempt Offer, in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation, in 
the period beginning and ending on the dates specified in such prospectus or final terms, as 
applicable and the Issuer has consented in writing to its use for the purpose of that Non-exempt 
Offer; 
(b) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus 
Regulation; 
(c) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined 
in the Prospectus Regulation) subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or 
Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(d) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Articles 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation,

--- Page 252 ---
252 
 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in paragraphs (b) to (d) above shall require the Issuer 
or any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation, or supplement 
a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an "offer of Notes to the public" in relation to any 
Notes in any Member State means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide 
to purchase or subscribe for the Notes and the expression "Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation 
(EU) 2017/1129, as amended from time to time. 
United Kingdom 
Prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors  
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors” 
as “Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under 
the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made 
available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the 
offering contemplated by this Offering Circular as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to 
any retail investor in the United Kingdom.  For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as 
it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
(EUWA); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or 
regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 
2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation; and 
(b) 
the expression an offer includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to 
decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes.  
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors” as 
“Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of 
Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Offering Circular as completed by the 
final terms in relation thereto to the public in the United Kingdom except that it may make an offer of 
such Notes to the public in the United Kingdom: 
(a) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK 
Prospectus Regulation; 
(b) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined 
in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation) in the United Kingdom subject to obtaining the 
prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(c) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA,

--- Page 253 ---
253 
 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (a) to (c) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer 
to publish a prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus pursuant to 
Article 23 of the UK Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision: 
o the expression an offer of Notes to the public in relation to any Notes means the 
communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the 
offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or 
subscribe for the Notes; and  
o the expression UK Prospectus Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA.  
Other regulatory restrictions 
Each Programme Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Programme Dealer or Issue 
Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that: 
(a) 
in relation to any Notes which have a maturity of less than one year, (i) it is a person whose 
ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as 
principal or agent) for the purposes of its business and (ii) it has not offered or sold and will not 
offer or sell any Notes other than to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, 
holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or as agent) for the purposes of 
their businesses or who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of 
investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses where the issue of the 
Notes would otherwise constitute a contravention of Section 19 of the FSMA by the Issuer; 
(b) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause 
to be communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the 
meaning of Section 21 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the "FSMA")) received 
by it in connection with the issue of any Notes in circumstances in which Section 21(1) of the 
FSMA does not apply to the Issuer; and 
(c) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to 
anything done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the United 
Kingdom. 
Portugal   
Each Programme Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Programme Dealer or Issue 
Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that the Notes may not 
be and will not be offered to the public in Portugal under circumstances which are deemed to be a public 
offer under the Portuguese Securities Code ("Código dos Valores Mobiliários") enacted by Decree Law 
No. 486/99, of 13 November 1999, as amended (or under any legislation which may replace or 
complement it in this respect from time to time), unless the requirements and provisions applicable to 
the public offerings in Portugal are met, including without limitation, all registration, filing, approval 
or recognition procedures with the Portuguese Securities Market Commission ("Comissão do Mercado 
de Valores Mobiliários") (the "CMVM") and, if relevant, any other competent authorities. In particular, 
should the obligation to publish a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation not be applicable, the 
offer of new securities may be through a private placement, including, inter alia, if directed exclusively 
to qualified investors ("investidores qualificados") within the meaning of the Prospectus Regulation. In 
addition, each Programme Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Programme Dealer or

--- Page 254 ---
254 
 
Issue Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree that, other than in 
compliance with all applicable provisions of the Portuguese Securities Code (or under any legislation 
which may replace or complement it in this respect from time to time), the Prospectus Regulation and 
any applicable CMVM Regulations and all relevant Portuguese securities laws and regulations, in any 
such case that may be applicable to it in respect of any offer or sale of Notes by it in Portugal or to 
individuals or entities resident in Portugal or having a permanent establishment located in Portuguese 
territory, as the case may be including the publication of a base prospectus, when applicable: (a) it has 
not directly or indirectly taken any action or offered, advertised, marketed, invited to subscribe, gathered 
investment intentions, sold, re-sold, re-offered or delivered and will not directly or indirectly take any 
action, offer, advertise, market, invite to subscribe, gather investment intentions, sell, re-sell, re-offer 
or deliver any Notes in circumstances which could qualify as a public offer ("oferta pública") of 
securities pursuant to the Portuguese Securities Code (or under any legislation which may replace or 
complement it in this respect from time to time), notably in circumstances which could qualify as a 
public offer addressed to individuals or entities resident in Portugal or having permanent establishment 
located in the Portuguese territory, as the case may be; and (b) it has not distributed, made available or 
caused to be distributed and will not distribute, make available or cause to be distributed the Offering 
Circular or any other offering material relating to the Notes to the public in Portugal. 
France 
Each of the Dealers has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree, that it undertakes to comply with applicable French laws and 
regulations in force regarding the offer, the placement or the sale of the Notes and the distribution in 
France of the Offering Circular or any other offering material relating to the Notes. 
Japan 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act 
of Japan (Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended; the "FIEA"). Each Programme Dealer has agreed, and each 
further Programme Dealer or Issue Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent 
and agree, that it will not offer or sell any Notes, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit 
of, any resident of Japan (as defined under Item 5, Paragraph 1, Article 6 of the Foreign Exchange and 
Foreign Trade Act (Act No. 228 of 1949, as amended)), or to others for re-offering or resale, directly 
or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, a resident of Japan except pursuant to an exemption 
from the registration requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with, the FIEA and any other 
applicable laws, regulations and ministerial guidelines of Japan. 
Republic of Italy 
The offering of the Notes has not been registered pursuant to Italian securities legislation and, 
accordingly, no Notes may be offered, sold or delivered, nor may copies of the Offering Circular or of 
any other document relating to the Notes be distributed in the Republic of Italy, except: 
(A) 
to qualified investors (investitori qualificati), as defined pursuant to Article 2 of Regulation 
(EU) No. 1129 of 14 June 2017 (the "Prospectus Regulation") and any applicable provision 
of Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998, as amended (the "Financial Services Act")  
and Italian CONSOB regulations; or 
(B) 
in other circumstances which are exempted from the rules on public offerings pursuant to 
Article 1 of the Prospectus Regulation, Article 34-ter of CONSOB Regulation No. 11973 of 14 
May 1999, as amended from time to time, and the applicable Italian laws.

--- Page 255 ---
255 
 
Any offer, sale or delivery of the Notes or distribution of copies of the Offering Circular or any other 
document relating to the Notes in the Republic of Italy under (A) or (B) above must be: 
(I) 
made by an investment firm, bank or financial intermediary permitted to conduct such activities 
in the Republic of Italy in accordance with the Financial Services Act, CONSOB Regulation 
No. 20307 of 15 February 2018 (as amended from time to time) and Legislative Decree No. 
385 of 1 September 1993, as amended (the "Banking Act"); and 
(II) 
in compliance with any other applicable laws and regulations or requirement imposed by 
CONSOB, the Bank of Italy (including the reporting requirements, where applicable, pursuant 
to Article 129 of the Banking Act and the implementing guidelines of the Bank of Italy, as 
amended from time to time) and/or any other Italian authority. 
Please note that, in accordance with Article 100-bis where no exemption from the rules on public 
offerings applies under (A) and (B) above, the subsequent distribution of the Notes on the secondary 
market in Italy must be made in compliance with the public offer and the prospectus requirement rules 
provided under the Financial Services Act and Regulation No. 11971. Failure to comply with such rules 
may result in the sale of such Notes being declared null and void and in the liability of the intermediary 
transferring the financial instruments for any damages suffered by the investors. 
Belgium  
Other than in respect of Notes for which "Prohibition of Sales to Belgian Consumers" is specified as 
"Not Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each 
further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that an offering 
of Notes may not be advertised to any individual in Belgium qualifying as a consumer within the 
meaning of Article I.1 of the Belgian Code of Economic Law, as amended from time to time (a Belgian 
Consumer) and that it has not offered, sold or resold, transferred or delivered, and will not offer, sell, 
resell, transfer or deliver, the Notes, and that it has not distributed, and will not distribute, any 
prospectus, memorandum, information circular, brochure or any similar documents in relation to the 
Notes, directly or indirectly, to any Belgian Consumer. 
Singapore 
Each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to acknowledge, that this Offering Circular has not been, and will not be, registered as a 
prospectus in Singapore with the Monetary Authority of Singapore. Accordingly, each Dealer has 
represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent and agree, that it has not offered or sold any Notes or caused the Notes to be made the subject 
of an invitation for subscription or purchase and will not offer or sell any Notes or cause the Notes to 
be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, and has not circulated or distributed, 
nor will it circulate or distribute, this Offering Circular or any other document or material in connection 
with the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase, of the Notes, whether directly or 
indirectly, to any person in Singapore other than (i) to an institutional investor (as defined in Section 
4A of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore, as modified or amended from time to time (the 
SFA)) pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA, (ii) to a relevant person (as defined in Section 275(2) of the 
SFA) pursuant to Section 275(1) of the SFA, or any person pursuant to Section 275(1A) of the SFA, 
and in accordance with the conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA, or (iii) otherwise pursuant 
to, and in accordance with the conditions of, any other applicable provision of the SFA. 
Where the Notes are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person which 
is:

--- Page 256 ---
256 
 
(a) 
a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) the 
sole business of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by 
one or more individuals, each of whom is an accredited investor; or 
(b) 
a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold 
investments and each beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited investor, 
securities or securities-based derivatives contracts (each term as defined in Section 2(1) of the 
SFA) of that corporation or the beneficiaries’ rights and interest (howsoever described) in that 
trust shall not be transferred within six months after that corporation or that trust has acquired 
the Notes pursuant to an offer made under Section 275 of the SFA except: 
(i) 
to an institutional investor or to a relevant person, or to any person arising from 
an offer referred to in Section 275(1A) or Section 276(4)(c)(ii) of the SFA; 
(ii) 
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer; 
(iii) 
where the transfer is by operation of law; 
(iv) 
as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA; or 
(v) 
as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of 
Investments) (Securities and Securities-based Derivatives Contracts) 
Regulations 2018 of Singapore. 
In connection with Section 309B of the SFA and the CMP Regulations 2018, unless otherwise specified 
before an offer of Notes, the Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined 
in Section 309A(1) of the SFA), that the Notes are ‘prescribed capital markets products’ (as defined in 
the CMP Regulations 2018) and Excluded Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-
N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on 
Recommendations on Investment Products). 
General 
Each Programme Dealer has agreed, and each further Programme Dealer or Issue Dealer appointed 
under the Programme will be required to agree, that it will (to the best of its knowledge and belief) 
comply with all applicable securities laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction in which it 
purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or possesses or distributes this Offering Circular and will obtain 
any consent, approval or permission required by it for the purchase, offer, sale or delivery by it of Notes 
under the laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction, in particular Australia, South Africa and 
Canada, to which it is subject or in which it makes such purchases, offers, sales or deliveries and neither 
the Issuer nor any Dealer shall have any responsibility therefor. 
Neither the Issuer nor any Dealer represents that Notes may at any time lawfully be sold in compliance 
with any applicable registration or other requirements in any jurisdiction, in particular Australia, South 
Africa and Canada or pursuant to any exemption available thereunder, or assumes any responsibility 
for facilitating such sale.

--- Page 257 ---
257 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Authorisation   
The establishment and update of the Programme have been duly authorised by resolutions of the Board 
of Directors of the Bank dated 3 September 1998, 9 November 1999, 20 November 2000, 7 December 
2001, 16 December 2002, 14 November 2003, 12 November 2004, 7 December 2005, 11 September 
2006, 2 April 2007, 22 April 2008, 21 April 2009, 19 April 2010, 5 April 2011 and 16 October 2017  
and by resolutions of the Executive Committee of the Bank dated 19 June 2012, 2 July 2013, 5 August 
2014, 20 October 2015, 13 December 2016, 10 November 2017, 11 September 2018, 8 May 2019, 12 
May 2020, 11 May 2021, 10 May 2022 and 9 May 2023 and the increase in the Programme limit was 
authorised by resolutions of the Board of Directors of the Bank dated 9 November 1999, 20 November 
2000, 7 December 2001, 14 November 2003, 12 November 2004, 7 December 2005, 11 September 
2006 and 2 April 2007. 
Listing of Notes 
The admission of Notes to the Official List will be expressed as a percentage of their nominal amount 
(excluding accrued interest). It is expected that each Tranche of Notes which is to be admitted to the 
Official List and to trading on the Euronext Dublin Regulated Market will be admitted separately as 
and when issued, subject only to the issue of the relevant Note. Application has been made to Euronext 
Dublin for the Notes issued under the Programme during the period of twelve months from the date of 
this Offering Circular to be admitted to the Official List and to trading on the Euronext Dublin Regulated 
Market. The approval of the Programme in respect of the Notes was granted on or about 19 May 2023. 
Documents Available 
For the period of 12 months, following the date of this Offering Circular, copies of the following 
documents, save for (a) below, will, when published, be available for inspection at 
https://ind.millenniumbcp.pt/en/Institucional/investidores/Pages/Inv.aspx: 
(a) the 
constitutional 
documents 
(in 
English) 
of 
the 
Issuer 
(available 
at 
https://ind.millenniumbcp.pt/en/Institucional/governacao/Documents/estatutos_BCP_EN.pdf); 
(b) the published audited consolidated financial statements of the Banco Comercial Português Group 
in English and auditors' report contained in the Bank's Annual Report for the two financial years 
ended on 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2022; 
(c) the most recently available published unaudited interim condensed consolidated balance sheet and 
interim condensed consolidated income statement of the Bank; 
(d) copy of this Offering Circular; and 
(e) any future offering circulars, prospectuses, information memoranda, supplements and Final Terms 
to this Offering Circular and any other documents incorporated herein or therein by reference. 
The information mentioned in paragraphs (a) to (c) above represent an accurate translation from their 
original Portuguese form. In the event of a discrepancy the original Portuguese version will prevail. 
Clearing Systems 
The Notes will be accepted for clearance through Interbolsa. The appropriate ISIN for each Tranche of 
Book Entry Notes will be specified in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 258 ---
258 
 
The address of Interbolsa is Avenida da Boavista, 3433, 4100-138 Oporto. 
Conditions for determining price 
The price and amount of Notes to be issued under the Programme will be determined by the Issuer and 
each relevant Dealer at the time of issue in accordance with prevailing market conditions. 
Yield 
In relation to any Tranche of Fixed Rate Notes, an indication of the yield in respect of such Notes will 
be specified in the applicable Final Terms. The yield is calculated at the Issue Date of the Notes on the 
basis of the relevant Issue Price, using the formula set out below. The yield indicated will be calculated 
as the yield to maturity as at the Issue Date of the Notes and will not be an indication of future yield. 
Where: 
"P" is the Issue Price of the Notes; 
"C" is the annualised amount of interest payable; 
"A" is the principal amount of Notes due on redemption; 
"n" is time to maturity in years; and 
"r" is the annualised yield. 
Significant or Material Change   
There has been no significant change in the financial or trading position of the Banco Comercial 
Português Group since 31 March 2023. There has been no material adverse change in the prospects of 
the Bank or Banco Comercial Português Group since the date of the last audited annual accounts, 31 
December 2022. 31 
Litigation    
1. 
In 2012, the Portuguese Competition Authority initiated an administrative proceeding relating to 
competition restrictive practices.  During the investigations, on 6 March 2013, several searches 
were conducted in the Bank's premises, as well as to at least eight other credit institutions, where 
documentation was seized in order to investigate allegations of exchange of privileged 
commercial information among Portuguese banks. 
The Portuguese Competition Authority has declared the administrative proceeding to stay under 
judicial secrecy, once it considered that the interests dealt with in the investigation, as well as the 
parties' rights, would not be compatible with the publicity of the process.  On 2 June 2015, the 
Bank was notified of the Portuguese Competition Authority's notice of illegality in connection 
with an administrative offence, by which the Bank is accused of participating in an information 
exchange between banks of the system related to prices already approved and housing and 
consumer credit operations already granted or approved.  In light of the accusations, the Bank 
filed a response to the note of illegality, to which may follow a judicial appeal.  Note that the 
notification of a note of illegality does not constitute a final decision in relation to the accusations.  
According to the terms foreseen in the law, the illicit under investigation in this administrative 
                                                     
31  
The audited financial statements for the financial year ended 31 December 2022 will be subject to the approval of the general 
meeting of shareholders to be held on 24 May 2023.

--- Page 259 ---
259 
 
proceeding may be punished with a fine up to a maximum limit of 10% of the defendant's annual 
consolidated turnover with reference to the year preceding the decision.  However, judicial appeal 
against such decision is possible.  In October 2016, the Lisbon Court of Appeals overruled an 
earlier decision by the Competition, Regulation and Supervision Court to suspend the 
Competition Authority's investigation. 
On 4 July 2017, the Competition Authority notified the Bank on the decision regarding the 
withdrawal of the suspension concerning the access to documents deemed as confidential and of 
the extension of the term for the making of a decision on the illicit act for more 40 days.  The 
Portuguese Competition Authority refused the Bank's application for confidential treatment of 
some of the information in the Bank's defence against the notice of illegal act.  In June 2018 the 
Bank filed an appeal with the Portuguese Competition, Regulation and Supervision Court (which 
is pending) and filed its defence against the notice of illegal act in a non-confidential version. 
On 5 November 2018, the Bank was notified of the ruling of the Portuguese Competition, 
Regulation and Supervision Court, that gives approval to the appeal presented by BCP, on the 
subject of secrecy, accepting, in its essence, BCP's argument that the Portuguese Competition 
Authority, infringed on the right to a prior hearing. 
On 25 January 2019, the PCA granted the Bank a 10-business day period to provide summaries 
for the co-defendants' confidential information.  On 4 February 2019, the Bank filed an appeal 
before the Competition Court and, on 11 February 2019, submitted a reply to the PCA (although 
restating its opposition to the PCA's request). 
On 9 September 2019, the PCA adopted its final decision on this proceeding, fining BCP in EUR 
60 million for its alleged participation in a confidential information exchange system with its 
competitors in the mortgage, consumer and small and medium enterprises credit segments. The 
Bank considers that this decision contains serious factual and legal errors, having filed an appeal 
on 21 October 2019 before the Competition Court requesting the annulation of the decision and 
the suspensive effect of the appeal. The admission of the appeal and the decision on its respective 
effect are expected. 
On 8 May 2020, BCP’s appeal was admitted. 
On 8 June 2020, the Bank submitted a request before the Court, claiming that the rule according 
to which appeals do not have, in principle, a suspensory effect violates the Portuguese 
Constitution, submitting elements aimed at demonstrating considerable harm in the advance 
provisional payment of the fine, and offering a guarantee in lieu (indicating the respective 
percentage of the fine to be offered as a guarantee). 
On 9 July 2020, BCP requested the Court to declare the PCA’s condemnatory decision null and 
void, due to the omission of an analysis of the economic and legal context in the terms required 
by the recent jurisprudence of the Court of Justice of the European Union. Subsequently, the 
Competition Court clarified that preliminary questions will not be known before the court hearing 
begins. 
On 14 December 2020, a hearing was held before the Competition Court, and an agreed solution 
was reached between PCA and the appellant banks, including BCP, regarding the dosimetry (i.e., 
50% of the amount of the fine) and the modalities of the guarantees to be provided, in order for 
the appeal to have a suspensory effect.

--- Page 260 ---
260 
 
On 21 December 2020, BCP submitted, and the Competition Court accepted, a bank guarantee 
in the maximum amount of EUR 30 million, issued by the Bank itself as a way to satisfy the 
referred security deposit. 
On 1 March 2021, the Competition Court notified BCP that the guarantee had been presented in 
a timely manner and in the agreed form, and, as a result, attributed suspensory effect to the appeal. 
By order of 20 March 2021, the Competition Court lifted the judicial secrecy and informed the 
appellants that the trial would, in principle, start in September 2021.  
On 13 January 2021, BCP was notified of an application submitted by "Associação Ius Omnibus 
– Nova Associação de Consumidores" to the Competition Court asking it to have access to a non-
confidential version of the file, based on the need to assert the “rights to indemnification of the 
consumers whose rights and interests it represents, and the possible exercise and proof of those 
rights in the context of an action for damages”. On the same date, BCP was notified by the 
Competition Court of its decision authorising the news agency "Lusa" to access the file of the 
administrative phase of the case. BCP appeal of this decision to the Appeal Court of Lisbon, on 
25 January 2021 and opposed to the request of "Ius Omnibus" on 2 February 2021. 
On 20 March 2021, the Competition Court determined: (i) the lifting of the judicial secrecy; (ii) 
the forwarding to the Public Prosecutor of the appeal of BCP against the decision of the 
Competition Court relating to "Lusa", for reply; (iii) the provisional start date of the judgement 
hearing on September 2021, having requested suggestions by the co-appellants for venues. 
By decision of 9 April 2021 of the Competition Court, a preparatory hearing took place on 30 
April 2021 for discussion of issues precedent to the begging of the judgment hearings, in which 
the procedures relating to the treatment of confidential information of the co-appellants in the 
appeals was defined, as well as the conditions relating to access to file. The Competition Court 
also set forth preliminary dates for the judgement hearing and scheduled a preparatory hearing 
for 7 July 2021. 
On 28 June 2021, BCP was notified by the Competition Court to reply to the requests submitted 
by some of the co-appellants and confirm that all confidential information had been duly 
eliminated from non-confidential versions submitted by each co-appellant. The Competition 
Court also determined that the hearing of 7 July 2021 was cancelled and its object would be 
transferred to the next hearing date (6 September 2021). 
On 8 July 2021, BCP presented its reply to the notification of 28 June 2021, having also requested 
confirmation in relation to the scheduling of the judgement hearing, namely confirmation that the 
preparatory hearing will take place on 6 September 2021 and that the judgement hearing will be 
initiated at as of the pre-scheduled date of 8 September 2021.  
On 6 September 2021, the preparatory session of the trial in the Competition, Regulation and 
Supervision Court took place. The trial, which takes place in Santarém, began on 6 October 2021. 
Several representatives of the banks raised the question of the possible unconstitutionality of the 
seizure proceedings of e-mail messages used as evidence in the PCA’s decision, which objection 
appeal will now take place. This issue was raised bearing in mind the recent Decision of the 
Constitutional Court no. 687/2021 on the administrative offence case no. 225/15.4YUSTR-W. A 
petition on this matter was filed with the Court on 20 October 2021, requesting the Court to take 
a position on the matter before the beginning of the trial.

--- Page 261 ---
261 
 
On 28 April 2022, the Court issued a decision on the case No. 225/15.4YUSTR-W, concerning 
the objection appeal on the decision of the Competition Authority of September 2019 
(PRC/2012/09), which imposed fines to a group of banking institutions for alleged violation of 
competition rules due to their participation in a process of information exchange on operations 
of housing credit, consumer credit and credit to SMEs.  
In this extensive sentence, the Court lists the facts deemed proved, considering the testimonial 
evidence produced and the documents attached to the proceedings, both in the administrative 
phase and on hearing, however, at this stage, the Court has not yet concluded on the legal 
framework of the facts proved, nor, consequently, on the imposition of fines, the Court having 
decided to make a pre-judicial referral to the European Court of Justice (ECJ) to answer the two 
questions it raises, requesting that this referral is to be followed by further proceedings under 
expedited procedure, given the prescription risk. It should be highlighted that it is not for the ECJ 
to judge the case, but merely to interpret the rules of Community law by replying in abstract to 
the questions submitted to it by the referring court.  
This pre-judicial referral had already been requested by BCP and other institutions concerned in 
this case. So long as the ECJ has not yet ruled on the case, the proceedings are suspended. The 
Court also decided that the course of the prescription period is suspended, invoking certain legal 
provisions for that purpose, although that decision appears to have no legal basis.   
The ECJ rejected a request for an accelerated procedure and for priority to be given in the 
assessment of this case, hence the ECJ's assessment must be given within the normal deadline 
for these prejudicial proceedings, after which the judgment of this Court will then be concluded. 
The Bank has been notified by the ECJ to, if it wishes, submit its written observations, and must 
do so by 2 September 2022. The Bank forwarded its observations to the ECJ on 1 September 
2022.   
2. 
The Bank Millennium in Poland is a party to the group proceedings (class action) subject matter 
of which is to determine the Bank's liability towards the group members based on unjust 
enrichment (undue benefit) ground in connection with the foreign currency mortgage loans 
concluded. It is not a payment dispute. The judgment in these proceedings will not directly grant 
any amounts to the group members. The number of credit agreements covered by these 
proceedings is 3,273. On 24 May 2022 the court issued a judgment on the merits, dismissing the 
claim in full. Both parties requested a written justification of the judgment.  On 13 December 
2022 the claimant filed on appeal against the judgment of 24 May 2022. The appeal has not been 
served yet to the Bank’s counsel. 
3. 
As at 31 March 2023, there were also 184 individual court cases regarding LTV insurance (cases 
in which only a claim for the reimbursement of the commission or LTV insurance fee is 
presented). 
As at 31 March 2023, in the group of the court cases where the Group’s companies were 
defendant, was a lawsuit brought up by Europejska Fundacja Współpracy Polsko - Belgijskiej / 
European Foundation for Polish-Belgian Cooperation ("EFWP-B") against Bank Millennium 
S.A., worth of the dispute PLN 521.9 million with statutory interest from 5 April 2016 until the 
day of payment. The plaintiff filed the suit dated 23 October 2015 to the Regional Court in 
Warsaw; the suit was served to the Bank on 4 April 2016. According to the plaintiff, the basis for 
the claim is damage to their assets, due to the actions taken by the Bank and consisting in the 
wrong interpretation of the Agreement for working capital loan concluded between the Bank and 
PCZ S.A., which resulted in placing the loan on demand. In the case brought by EFWP-B, the 
plaintiff moved for securing the claim in the amount of PLN 250.0 million. The petition was 
dismissed on 5 September 2016 with legal validity by the Appellate Court.

--- Page 262 ---
262 
 
4. 
The Bank is requesting complete dismissal of the suit, stating disagreement with the charges 
raised in the claim.  Supporting the position of the Bank, the Bank’s attorney submitted a binding 
copy of final verdict of Appeal Court in Wrocław favourable to the Bank, issued in the same legal 
state in the action brought by PCZ SA against the Bank. At present, the Court of first instance is 
conducting evidence proceedings. 
5. 
On 3 January 2018, Bank Millennium was notified of a decision of the Chairman of the Office 
for Protection of Competition and Consumers ("OPCC Chairman" and the "OPCC"), in which 
the OPCC Chairman found infringement by Bank Millennium of the rights of consumers.  In the 
opinion of the OPCC Chairman, the essence of the violation is that the Bank informed consumers 
(regarding 78 agreements), in response to their complaint, that the court verdict stating the 
abusiveness of the provisions of the loan agreement regarding exchange rates did not apply to 
them.  According to the position of the OPCC Chairman, the abusiveness of contract’s clauses 
determined by the court in the course of abstract control is constitutive and effective for every 
contract from the beginning.  As a result of the decision, the Bank was forced had to: 1) send 
information on the OPCC’s decision to the said 78 clients; 2) post the information on the decision 
and the decision itself on the website and on twitter; and 3) to pay a fine amounting to PLN 20.7 
million.  Millennium Bank lodged an appeal within the statutory time limit. 
On 7 January 2020, the first instance court dismissed Millennium Bank’s appeal in its entirety. 
Millennium Bank appealed against the judgment within the statutory deadline. The court 
presented the view that the judgment issued in the course of the control of a contractual template 
(in the course of an abstract control), recognising the provisions of the template as abusive, 
determines the abusiveness of similar provisions in previously concluded contracts. Therefore, 
the information provided to consumers was incorrect and misleading. As regards the penalty 
imposed by OPCC, the court pointed out that the policy of imposing penalties by OPCC had 
changed in the direction of tightening penalties and that the court agrees with this direction. 
In Millennium Bank’s assessment, the Court should not assess its behaviour in 2015 from the 
perspective of today's case-law views on the importance of abstract control (it was not until 
January 2016 that the Supreme Court's resolution supporting the view of the OPCC Chairman 
was published), nor should it impose penalties for these behaviours using current policy. The 
above constitutes a significant argument against the validity of the judgment and supports the 
appeal which the Bank submitted to the Court of Appeal. 
The Court of Appeal, in its judgment of 24 February 2022, completely revoked the decision of 
the OPCC Chairman. On 31 August 2022, the OPCC Chairman lodged a cassation appeal to the 
Supreme Court. Millennium Bank believes that the prognosis regarding the litigation chances of 
winning the case before the Supreme Court is positive. 
On 22 September 2020, the Bank received decision of the Chairman of the Office for Protection 
of Competition and Consumers recognising clauses stipulating principles of currency exchange 
applied in the so-called anti-spread annex as abusive and prohibited the use thereof. Penalty was 
imposed upon the Bank in the amount of PLN 10.5 million. Penalty amount takes account of two 
mitigating circumstances: cooperation with the Office for Protection of Competition and 
Consumers and discontinuation of the use of provisions in question.  
6. 
The Bank was also requested, after the decision becomes final and binding, to inform consumers, 
by registered mail, to the effect that the said clauses were deemed to be abusive and therefore not 
binding upon them (without need to obtain court’s decision confirming this circumstance) and 
publish the decision in the case on the Bank’s website.

--- Page 263 ---
263 
 
In the decision justification delivered in writing the OPCC Chairman stated that FX rates 
determined by the Bank were determined at Bank’s discretion (on the basis of a concept, not 
specified in any regulations, of average inter-bank market rate). Moreover, client had no precise 
knowledge on where to look for said rates since provision referred to Reuters, without precisely 
defining the relevant website.  
Provisions relating to FX rates in Bank’s tables were challenged since the Bank failed to define 
when and how many times a day these tables were prepared and published.  
In justification of the decision, the OPCC Chairman also indicated that in the course of the 
proceeding, Bank Millennium presented various proposed solutions, which the OPCC Chairman 
deemed to be insufficient. 
The decision is not final and binding. The Bank appealed against said decision within statutory 
term.   
On 31 March 2022, the first instance court revoked the entire decision of the OPCC Chairman. 
On 23 May 2022, the OPCC Chairman filed an appeal. On 26 October 2022, the Court of Appeal 
changed the judgment of the court of first instance and shared the position of the OPCC Chairman 
as to the abusiveness of the provisions regarding the determination of exchange rates in the 
annexes concluded with foreign currency borrowers. On 21 November 2022, the Court of 
Appeals, at the request of the Bank, suspended the execution of the judgment until the end of the 
cassation proceedings. On 30 January 2023 the Bank filled a cassation appeal to the Supreme 
Court. 
7. 
In October 2015, a set of companies connected to a group which has debts in default towards the 
Bank in the amount of approximately EUR 170 million, resulting from a financing agreement 
entered into in 2009 – such debts having been fully provisioned for in the Bank's accounts – 
brought a judicial proceeding against the Bank, after having received a notification from the Bank 
enforcing payment of such debts.  In the judicial proceedings it is envisaged: 
(a) 
to deny the obligation of payment of those debts, by arguing the voidness and nullity 
of the respective agreement, but without the correspondent obligation of returning the 
amounts received; 
(b) 
that the Bank is also convicted to bear the amounts of approximately EUR 90 million 
and EUR 34 million related to other debts contracted by those entities with other 
banking institutions, as well as the amounts, in a total sum of approximately EUR 26 
million, that the debtors would have already paid in the context of the respective 
financing agreements; and 
(c) 
to declare that the Bank is the owner of the object of the pledges associated with said 
financing agreements, which corresponds to approximately 340 million shares of the 
Bank itself, allegedly acquired at the request of, on behalf of and in the interest of the 
Bank. 
The Bank has filed its defence and counterclaim, reinforcing the demand for payment of the debt.  
The claimants filed their statements of defence regarding the counterclaim filed by the Bank and 
the Bank replied to those statements in July 2016. 
The Court issued a decision establishing the facts that are considered to be proven and those that 
must still be proven in court.  The parties presented their requests for proof and each of the parties 
appointed its expert.  The Court shall now issue a decision regarding the proof requested by the 
parties and appoint the third expert.

--- Page 264 ---
264 
 
The claimants challenged both experts appointed by BCP and the Court, but the Court maintained 
the appointed experts, who were notified on 13 March 2020 to proceed with the expert evidence.  
The expert evidence is currently ongoing. The proceedings are waiting for the experts to present 
their report. 
After our claims regarding the expert report and attachment of documents, the Court accepted the 
claims presented and sent the same to the experts to get their opinion. 
The deadline for BCP to send documents and information to enable the experts to reformulate 
the conclusions of the expert report is 9 June 2023. 
8. 
Litigation initiated by BCP and Millennium bim in relation to their exposure to Mozambique 
entities and sovereign guarantees: 
On 8 April 2020, the Bank filed a Claim in the High Court of Justice Business & Property Courts 
of England and Wales Commercial Court in which the Bank claims sums due and in default under 
a facility agreement and a sovereign guarantee in the amount of USD 158,942,748.88, as at 8 
April 2020, plus other interest and other costs. 
Further to legal action brought by the State with a view to seek, inter alia, a declaration that a 
State guarantee is not valid, legal or enforceable, on 27 April 2020 Millennium bim issued a 
Claim in the High Court of Justice Business & Property Courts of England and Wales 
Commercial Court against the original arranger and lender of a credit facility benefiting from 
said State guarantee and related persons. Millennium bim was assigned loans under this facility 
in the amounts of USD 37.2 million and USD 24 million. The total amount outstanding as at 27 
April 2020 was US$79,639,385.33. 
Trial sessions relating to the two cases are scheduled to begin in October 2023. This does not 
mean that the cases are on standby, as interim court sessions have been held and others are 
expected to be scheduled until the trial, related to the collection of evidence and other procedural 
issues. 
Save as disclosed in this section entitled "Litigation" there are no, nor have there been any 
governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings which are pending or 
threatened of which the Issuer is aware) during the 12 months before the date of this document which 
may have or have had in the recent past a significant effect on the financial position or profitability of 
the Issuer or the Group. 
Auditors 
The current auditors of the Bank are Deloitte & Associados – Sociedade de Revisores Oficiais de 
Contas, S.A. ("Deloitte") (which is a member of the Portuguese Institute of Statutory Auditors ("Ordem 
dos Revisores Oficiais de Contas"), with registered office at Av. Eng. Duarte Pacheco, 7, 1070-100 
Lisbon. 
The consolidated financial statements of the Banco Comercial Português Group for the financial years 
ended on 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2022 were prepared in accordance with IFRS as adopted 
by the European Union. The financial statements of the Banco Comercial Português Group were audited 
for each of the two years ended 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2022 by Deloitte & Associados, 
SROC, S.A., independent certified public accountants and members of the Portuguese Institute of 
Statutory Auditors (Ordem dos Revisores Oficiais de Contas).

--- Page 265 ---
265 
 
All financial information in this Offering Circular relating to the Bank for the years ended on 31 
December 2021 and 31 December 2022 has been extracted without material adjustment from the audited 
consolidated financial statements of the Bank for the financial years then ended and all financial 
information in this Offering Circular relating to the Bank for the three month period ended 31 March 
2023 has been extracted from the unaudited and un-reviewed earnings press release and earnings 
presentation of the BCP Group for the three month period ended 31 March 2023. 
Credit Ratings  
In accordance with Moody's ratings definitions available as at the date of this Offering Circular on 
https://www.moodys.com/ratings-process/Ratings-Definitions/002002, a long-term rating of "Baa31" 
indicates obligations that are subject to moderate credit risk and are considered medium-grade and as 
such may possess speculative characteristics. In accordance with such Moody's ratings definitions, a 
"P-2 
Issuer" 
rated 
"Prime-2"  
have a strong ability to repay short-term debt obligations. In accordance with S&P's ratings definitions 
available 
as 
at 
the 
date 
of 
this 
Offering 
Circular 
on 
https://www.standardandpoors.com/en_US/web/guest/article/-/view/sourceId/504352, 
a 
long-term 
rating of "BB+" indicates an obligation having significant speculative characteristics. While such 
obligations will likely have some quality and protective characteristics, these may be outweighed by 
large uncertainties or major exposure to adverse conditions. In accordance with such S&P ratings 
definitions, a short-term rating of "B+" indicates that an obligation is vulnerable and has significant 
speculative characteristics. It indicated that the obligor currently has the capacity to meet its financial 
commitments; however, it faces major ongoing uncertainties that could lead to the obligor's inadequate 
capacity to meet its financial commitments. In accordance with Fitch's ratings definitions available as 
at the date of this Offering Circular on https://www.fitchratings.com/site/definitions, a long-term rating 
of "BB+" indicates an elevated vulnerability to default risk, particularly in the event of adverse changes 
in business or economic conditions over time; however, business or financial flexibility exists that 
supports the servicing of financial commitments. In accordance with such Fitch ratings definitions, a 
short-term rating of "B" indicates that material default risk is present, but a limited margin of safety 
remains. Financial commitments are currently being met; however, capacity for continued payment is 
vulnerable to deterioration in the business and economic environment. In accordance with DBRS's 
ratings 
definitions 
available 
as 
at 
the 
date 
of 
this 
Offering 
Circular 
on 
https://www.dbrsmorningstar.com/media/00000000069.pdf, a long-term rating of "BBB (low)" 
indicates adequate credit quality. The capacity for the payment of financial obligations is considered 
acceptable. The obligor may be vulnerable to future events. In accordance with such DBRS ratings 
definitions, a short-term rating of "R-2" indicates the capacity for the payment of short-term financial 
obligations as they fall due is acceptable. The obligor may be vulnerable to future events. 
Dealers transacting with the Issuer 
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in financing, in 
investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services for, the 
Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary course of business. They have received, or may in the future 
receive, customary fees, commissions, reimbursements of expenses and indemnification for these 
transactions. Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates may have positions, deal or make markets in the 
Notes issued under the Programme, related derivatives and reference obligations, including (but not 
limited to) entering into hedging strategies on behalf of the Issuer or its affiliates, investor clients, or as 
principal in order to manage their exposure, their general market risk, or other trading activities. They 
have received, or may in the future receive, customary fees and commissions for these transactions. In 
addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the Dealers and their affiliates may make or 
hold a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative 
securities) and financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts 
of their customers. Such investments and securities activities may involve securities and/or instruments

--- Page 266 ---
266 
 
of the Issuer or its affiliates. The Dealers and/or their affiliates may receive allocations of the Notes 
(subject to customary closing conditions), which could affect future trading of the Notes. Certain of the 
Dealers or their affiliates that have a lending relationship with the Issuer routinely hedge their credit 
exposure to the Issuer in a way consistent with their customary risk management policies. Typically, 
such Dealers and their affiliates would hedge such exposure by entering into transactions which consist 
of either the purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of short positions in securities, including 
potentially the Notes issued under the Programme. Any such positions could adversely affect future 
trading prices of Notes issued under the Programme. The Dealers and their affiliates may also make 
investment recommendations and/or publish or express independent research views in respect of such 
securities or financial instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or 
short positions in such securities and instruments. For the purposes of this paragraph, the term 
"affiliates" includes parent companies. 
Third party information   
Information sourced from Banco de Portugal, Portuguese Banking Association (Associação Portuguesa 
de Bancos), Portugal's National Statistics Institute (Instituto Nacional de Estatística), the National Bank 
of Poland, the Bank of Mozambique, the Bank of Angola and from other sources mentioned in this 
Offering Circular has been accurately reproduced and, so far as the Issuer is aware and is able to 
ascertain from information published by such entities, no facts have been omitted which would render 
the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. 
Where information from third parties is referenced in this Offering Circular, the source of the 
information is identified alongside each statement.

--- Page 267 ---
267 
 
 
ARRANGER 
UBS Europe SE 
Bockenheimer Landstraße 2-4 
60306 Frankfurt am Main  
Germany  
 
REGISTERED OFFICE OF THE BANK 
Banco Comercial Português, S.A. 
Praça Dom João I, 28 
4000-295 Oporto 
Portugal 
 
 
AGENT 
Banco Comercial Português, S.A. 
Av. Dr. Mário Soares (TAGUS PARK) 
Building 10, Floor 1 
2744-002 Porto Salvo 
Portugal 
LISTING AGENT 
Maples and Calder (Ireland) LLP 
75 St. Stephen's Green 
Dublin 2 
Ireland 
 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To the Dealers as to English law 
Allen & Overy LLP 
One Bishops Square 
London E1 6AD 
 
 
To the Issuer as to Portuguese law 
Morais Leitão, Galvão Teles, Soares da Silva  
& Associados, Sociedade de Advogados, SP, RL 
Rua Castilho, 165 
1070-050 Lisbon 
Portugal 
 
 
AUDITORS OF THE BANK 
Deloitte & Associados, SROC, S.A. 
Av. Eng. Duarte Pacheco, 7 
1070-100 Lisbon 
Portugal

--- Page 268 ---
268 
 
 
DEALERS  
Banco Comercial Português, S.A. 
Banco Santander Totta, S.A. 
Avenida Prof. Dr. Cavaco Silva (Tagus Park) 
Building 2, Floor 2 – Wing A 
2744-002 Porto Salvo 
Portugal 
Rua do Ouro, 88 
1100-060 Lisbon 
Portugal 
 
 
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC 
BNP Paribas 
One Molesworth Street 
Dublin 2 
D02RF29 
Ireland 
 
16, boulevard des Italiens  
75009 Paris  
France 
 
BofA Securities Europe SA 
51 rue La Boétie 
75008 Paris 
France  
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
Reuterweg 16 
60323 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
 
Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft 
Kaiserstraße 16 (Kaiserplatz) 
60311 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany  
Credit Suisse Bank (Europe), S.A. 
Calle de Ayala, 42 
28001 Madrid 
Spain  
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Taunusanlage 12  
60325 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
Goldman Sachs Bank Europe SE 
Marienturm, Taunusanlage 9-10 
D-60329 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany  
HSBC Continental Europe 
38, avenue Kléber 
75116 Paris 
France 
ING Bank N.V. 
Foppingadreef 7 
1102 BD Amsterdam 
The Netherlands  
  
 
Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. 
Divisione IMI Corporate & Investment Banking 
Via Manzoni 4 
20121 Milan 
Italy 
 
 
J.P. Morgan SE 
Taunustor 1 (TaunusTurm) 
60310 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany  
 
 
 Mediobanca – Banca di Credito Finanziario 
S.p.A. 
Piazzetta Enrico Cuccia, 1 
2021 Milano, Italy 
 
 
Morgan Stanley Europe SE 
Grosse Gallusstrasse 18 
60312 Frankfurt-am-Main 
Germany

--- Page 269 ---
269 
 
NatWest Markets N.V. 
Claude Debussylaan 94 
1082 MD Amsterdam 
The Netherlands  
 
 
UBS Europe SE 
Bockenheimer Landstraße 2-4 
60306 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
 
Société Générale 
29, boulevard Haussmann 
75009 Paris 
France   
 
 
UniCredit Bank AG 
Arabellastrasse 12 
81925 Munich 
Germany